You should try them too." "i was a vet tech for 6 years so I'm pretty particular about people caring for my pets. The groomer (becky) listened to what I wanted and did exactly what we had discussed. My dog always seems quite happy and relaxed after a grooming there. (a really good sign). Also  which I think is very reasonable." I feel like this is similar to a ""special occasion"" retaurant: One where you would go all the time if the price was just a bit lower for regular customers...." "I use their services regularly. They in fact are the only place I will take my dog ""Gaffney"". The location is right off the main street.  She is always extremely well groomed when they are done.  They are worth the price." "I had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer. My dog  was not groomed to my specifications; infact she was butchered. I went to the trouble of taking a photo of my dog with  the haircut that I wanted My Kingston cooper is a havanese and is a goofy handful and they handled him well. I loved his hair cut. I changed from a different groomer to here. He's only been here once about a month ago but I loved it and we will definitely be coming back. Done in a timely manner and I love the cat that walks around and so does Kingston cooper he has 2 cats himself so he felt right at home. We will be back soon. And it's not far from my house so perfect location. Thanks guys for doing a wonderful job!!!  not to mention the perfect job they did on the cut and washing. Everyone who works here seems to treat the animals with the upmost care. Such a convenient location on Butler Street near Lawrencevillle. Can't wait to go back!! Thank you so much!!!"  the place appears newer and well kept. My dog has gotten consistently good haircuts here and she's always in a good mood when I pick her up. That's a keeper in my books! Oh "We recently adopted an overweight Keeshond named Drachma and were hesitant about bringing her to a groomer we didn't know.  Drachma also has social issues and does not take to other animals very well.  This place did a superb job with her!  She seemed to enjoy the company of other animals  told me it would be 50.00 then when I called to see if she was done they said60.00 went to pick her up it was now $70.00. That's the end of my business with them"  so you might have to wait a week or two to get an appointment. While they are normally too busy to answer the phone  and grooming- she looks like a new woman when they're done with her!" i cant wait to take them back :)"  and I get that with the ladies at The Pet Stop- and they're pretty reasonable on price and timing." I posted a picture of my fat white cat so you can see what they were dealing with" Please do yourself and your animal a favor and never go to this poorly run establishment." tqqYl8e4nGrBLh6uHVHvpg We've been happily using Furrever Friends for overnight boarding for over 4 years.  Our dogs have always loved going there and are treated like family.  Christy and her team provide awesome care that we always trust! We've been using Furrever Friends for years.  They are fantastic.  The price is very reasonable.  Christy and her staff are great to work with. I know we are going to use Furrever Friends again.  Thank you for taking such good time of our pup!" Emily H - thanks again for the recommendation!" I highly recommend Best Friends to all parents of fur babies!" Only thing is that's it's a little pricey ($29 night) and then you had packages or extras and it's abut $35-$40 day. For a week vacation or a weekend getaway for me and the wife Best Friends also offers your pets first night free which is pretty sweet seeing that I have nothing against saving $$$$ here and there and they provide you with a report card when you pick them up--again--cute!! Even though I dont like near there anymore  usually I have to walk them forever to get them to go).  I did like the fact that they sent me a picture of them during my trip and that they gave me a report card - although the card said both of their bowel movements were normal - but when they went as soon as I took them from the facility  they ask me if I'd like the same groomer as last time.  Heather is Sammie's ""Best Friend"".  I know that she will take good care of Sammie whenever I drop her off.  In the end I think the first might is free. Tell them I sent you!" In addition to boarding they do a great job with pet grooming.  It's one of the most expensive places to go but I would say it's usually worth it.  We'd had some crazy shavings and haircuts come out of the cheaper groomers (I'll never forget when he had long hair all over except for a shaved butt...I suppose they were going for a babboon look??)  But at Best Friends they do excellent work and my little pup comes out looking gorgeous." EBuOgJoDgaYCXbqugPTj6w  I asked to see where they were keeping her and they said ohh we will get someone to show u. Once the person came and got us and showed us where she was going to be I almost cried with the loudness of the dogs barking giving me a headache as she was shaking I almost wanted to say forget it but we were in a hurry. I felt as go my dog went to doggy hell. The staff was more mindset on other things then telling us about what she would be doing and if they took them out for potty breaks  it was obviously not my dog.  Then they argued with me saying he was he only chocolate lab they had.  Well....one hour later and 3 other labs (I thought mine was the only one!)...they finally found my dog.  I wouldn't recommend this place unless you hate your dog and want to trade him in for another model."  coop gets his bubble bath and paw-icure even a nice trim just before I am scheduled to pick him up. Coop then greets me with a big hug when I come to pick him up along with a good report card from the staff at the desk. They all tell me how well behaved he was and they look forward to him coming back. Not only is ""best friends"" coop's best friends but they are mine too because they love him the way I love my dog!!!" We love Best Friends. Our dog Molly loves the doggie play time she gets each day when she stays here.  The staff is so great with her.  We love the detailed report cards we get for each day.  It is very nice to be able to enjoy time away knowing your pet is safe and being carted for. Thank you for taking such good care of her. They also send your pup home with detailed report cards on how they were each day - even down to the detail of their bathroom schedule & how much food water they ate.  It is really apparent how much care they put into each dog's visit with them and I feel a lot better about leaving my peanut with them."  be sure to ask for a tour and see the space. I took the tour and the space is SMALL. I was there one day and they had 17 dogs in a space the size of my living room. That is dangerous! If something were to happen (ie. a fight) all of the dogs would join (pack behavior) and there would be nothing they could do to protect your pup."  I understand but then they tried to say we had abandoned the dog's. They would not give me the dogs and work out a payment plan. They shipped all 3 of my dogs off and won't say where they are. I understand they wanted their money. They sent us to collections and gave my dogs away and said it was in the contract that we signed that they can do that. They said they have no idea where the dogs are now.  When I say we spent a lot of money with them  it does not appear that the people who stay in the play area even like dogs.  All they do is constantly clean up after the dogs.  It seems there are way more dogs in that space than the staff can handle!  I would not leave my dogs there."  as well as daily report cards!  Our pets enjoyed their stay at Best Friends Pet Care; it was well staffed at all times which really can make the difference from one place to another. We were so happy with our experience there that we would not hesitate to use them again and again  the daily report cards and knowing that she will be bathed and groomed when we pick her up!" "We had a 16 year old Jack Russell with a few issues like a prolapsed trachea.  We recently lost his 19 year old lab-beagle mix sister and he was not himself for quite a while.  Took him for a look-see at Best Friends and were totally impressed with the staff and facility.  Wound up taking him back for his 2 free sessions and he seemed love it. Staff was great both times and we wound up buying a half day package.  We have total confidence in the staff and he goes in with a ""smile"" to play again.  Means everything to us. We took Mootz back frequently and he loved it every time.  The staff always seemed to love him to death.  Unfortunately we lost our little boy to cancer on May 2nd.  When I advised the manager she immediately refunded the balance of his package without even being asked.  Two days ago we received a heart wrenching card signed by the entire staff with individual message from each.  When we get a new companion there is no question where he she will go for daycare.  Thanks to the entire staff and we love all of you.  YOU ARE THE BEST!!!" One time we left them for 10 days and when we came back they were in such good health and the second time we left them for a weekend."  it's hard to believe your at a vet when you're in the waiting room becuase it's so nice."  SCAH sets the bar pretty high if I choose to check out another place." This place and their staff is absolutely amazing!  I've never seen people go over and beyond when we needed it most.  Thank you South Charlotte Animal Hospital!  You guys rock!!!  one of their technicians has been very judgmental of Rocky ever since we've been taking him there. I have always been very upfront of Rocky being very shy and not dog friendly  welcoming and spacious so you aren't on top of other animals the whole time you're there.  Dr. Herman solves the problems instead of giving too many meds and requesting more checkups.  Finally a vet in Charlotte that is reasonable yu71VZHwtW0PUH3C8GPccw This is as good as it gets!  Dr. Herman has a deep compassion and interest in the client's pets.  He definitely cares about the animals he sees and has an excellent bedside manner.  He is up to date on today's medicine and procedures.  Wonderful practice that I would recommend to anyone! I took my foster there and the staff was amazing and Dr Herman was very nice. I'll definitely be bringing my own dog here  but we didn't really feel welcomed to the new vet. I think this place is probably great for small dogs and cats but we felt out of place. I will probably give it one more chance "I do not recommend South Charlotte Animal Hospital. I came in for my first visit and was very disappointed. The nurse was very short with me. Do not remember her name "I recently took my pets to see Dr. Herman at South Charlotte Animal Hospital for their yearly checkup.  I have to say that I am very pleased with the experience I had.  The staff was very welcoming and friendly. One of my pets is quite anxious  also their prior manager Sandy was fantastic and she is no longer with them. With all these changes the higher price for services here and it being out of the way of my house just isn't worth it."  was a bit judgemental about that fact that I let my cats outside during the day. I thought about leaving his practice to find a provider who was a little more in line with my own beliefs  and come home clean and healthy.  I am so very grateful for Freedom Animal Clinic and its staff!" se7-O8GIXLBdKI0xv2wywQ se7-O8GIXLBdKI0xv2wywQ We have used Freedom Animal hospital for years!!! The vets and staff have always been great in providing services for our pets.  We use them for boarding as well.  Great place to take our cat and dog for routine or unplanned checkups!  The Sat hours is a real plus as well.  and gotten their answering service. I guess they sometimes forget to turn it off. It can be annoying  and there is no way to obtain our pet's prior records!  I now have to repeat all of my cat's vaccinations.  Poor show Friendly and very professional staff." And I love the history of this place too....longest running vet clinic in Charlotte!" This is where I take my dog Buddy to be groomed. Buddy is a high maintenance special case doggie. He has seizures and needs special care. The people here love to see him come in for haircuts. He loves going to be groomed here. They are pleasant and friendly. Buddy likes the 2 huge cats that are permanent residents there. I highly recommend this clinic for all of your pets needs.  you and your pet often get lost in the crowd.  I've been there 6 times and have seen  5 different vets-(in a 2 month period.)  I feel that the continuity of care suffers from this.  In a small clinic with one or 2 vets and fewer techs "I have had my faith & trust in Dr Todd and his staff for 12 years. they are the best at caring for my cat's health. doesn't matter if it is a yearly check up or a health visit. Dr Todd is just wonderful. thank you I would recommend this establishment any day  and we didn't have to pull double-duty with the dog one place and the cats in another.   What a great service and end to our trip!  For our longer out-of-town trips when we feel guilty asking friends to make so many visits "Have known Shelly and her wonderful pet services for over 10 years.   I use to have 2 Min Pins that were not the nicest to everyone.  The day Shelly came over and met the boys was a day to remember.  They both took to her like glue.  After witnessing the exchange...she melted my heart and Happy Tails forever walked into my life.  When I lost one of my babies Can't speak highly enough of this company and its owners.  I won't go into full detail but will say this is the absolute best service and Shelly is truly an angel.  Her love for all fur babies is unmeasurable and it shows.  She's nanny Shelly and our fur kids love her.  If you need pet sitting or boarding this is definitely the place to call and chose.  :)  I give them a high five star rating.  we hadn't given them our names yet and there were atleast four other people coming in to pick up or drop off. Very professional and it is clear everyone who works there loves their job."  which is right and the extras are not too much more.  They only take cash or checks "Our two goldens had a fabulous vacation at Aunt B's! The place is immaculately clean. The care and attention that they gave to our girls was outstanding. They came home with report cards on how they enjoyed their stay. With some terrible experiences at other local kennels Overall if you have a lower activity dog I think this would be the right place for you." Wonderful place! Loved the little added touch of a personalized note from each caretaker on what our doodle did during his stay. Five resounding stars for Aunt B's." kind and courteous.  They responded promptly when I checked on my dog and all the care givers had written notes on each day they took care of our dog.  My dog came back extremely clean and soft and all tuckered out." I don't know about the facility but I cannot get them to answer their phone or return a message. I've been on the road for vacation headed to that area and trying to setup some boarding for my dogs for a few days and these people are impossible to get ahold of! I would highly recommend this doggy daycare. I have been taking my 8-year-old beagle there since he was a puppy. They take very good care of him. My beagle looks forward to going there every week. He is very exhausted when I pick him up.  The price is excellent and the hours are very accommodating to your work schedule. I truly cannot say enough amazing things about Happy Dogz in both Middleton and Fitchburg.  My dog loves doing and the staff is great!!!  he trotted right in and didn't look back! He must be having so much fun! The staff are always super friendly and accommodating. I like the 1 2 day option and the Saturday daycare availability. I would definitely recommend Happy Dogz!" Super thankful for such wonderful people. :)" I couldn't be happier with the treatment my cats get here.  I'd recommend both Vets I saw to anyone I wouldn't bring my two Dachshunds  anywhere else! We absolutely love Dr. Gregg!  We've had as many as 11 animals and the care he provides them is top notch.  Last year one of our dogs (who was blind) was diagnosed with a terminal illness and passed away in October.  Dr. Gregg and his staff were wonderful to us & most improtantly to him.  We also have a cat with a heart murmur.  Dr. Gregg was the first vet to spot it and was able to give us several options on how to treat it depending on our budget & time.  The reason we like going to Dr. Gregg is that we are always given explanations and descriptions of the medical problem and then given several options on how to treat it and the differences for each treatment.  On top of that he is a great person who keeps us laughing!  I've recommended the Animal Hospital of Sun Prairie to several co-workers and friends who were looking for a vet.  and Dr Beth was kind enough to send us a condolence card with a poem in it for our loss. Also they dont push things on you that arent necessary and their fees are extremely reasonable and the vets take the time to explain what is needed and what isnt.  All in All I cant say enough good things about The Animal Hospital of Sun Prairie because they truly love what they do and do have compassion for the pets and their owners you arent just a number here. Even after a procedure at the hospital the vet themselves or the staff call within a few days to check up on your pet to see how they are doing. I wont go anywhere else and even had a relative switch from their vet to this vet." Although it's about a 15 minute drive for us Having our fun-loving happy dog be visibly terrified walking out to us and not even looking up to see who we were until she could smell us upset me us so much. If you love or care about your dog spend the extra 5 dollars for a place that cares about animals."  especially if you need to pick them up on a Sunday."  and I hope nobody else has to lose a beloved pet to this sub-par facility. This is a harsh review but these things matter."  they are good with the dogs and understand that every dog has different needs. My dog has been at several other kennels in Madison before I found hickory hills and he use to come home completely out of it EDIT: My dog just has a confirmed case of Kennel Cough and the vet says that there have been 3 other dogs they have seen (in one practice!!) that have it and who go to Hickory Hills!! STAY FAR FAR AWAY!!"  and my dogs are always excited to go there.  The play area is great for the dogs and I love that you can look at pictures of your pooch having fun while you are away. The staff does not hesitate to call with questions and are always friendly and professional. I used to go to a much more expensive place that I now feel was overrated and overpriced for what we received. This kennel gets two paws up from Winston and Ham!" "Boarded my dog there and the staff was nothing but extra nice and caring. Price was unbeliveable I do recommend this place." I've been taking my animals there for years. I now live in Chicago but I'm making a trip down to Urbana this weekend for an appointment.  treatment and advice we received.  The Dr. was very sympathetic with our concerns and needs.   Very professional and caring people and charges seemed appropriate." "My husband and I chose Beaumont to have our puppy cremated at after a necropsy at U of I. We specifically asked if a pawprint would be done and we were promised it would be. Thats the only reason we chose Beaumont. Apparently  my poor dog is getting more and more anxious about what is going on.  I've heard this same story from others.  Won't be trying this place again. Evidently his time is much more important than mine." "I have brought both of my Golden Retrievers to this small grooming business.  No one does a better job on Goldens They did a great job both grooming/washing my dog and trimming her nails. Both employees love dogs and are very friendly!  and he said ""of course."" Did he apply it to my bill? Of course not. I didn't notice it until I got home. I just paid the bill This kind of immediate and friendly follow-up redeemed them and gained them another star."  whoever I speak with is so courteous and the medication is ready when they say it will be.  I also used the 50% off coupon and luckily had no problem." All of my dogs have recently passed away after living long and healthy lives thanks Flash-forward five years later and my furry bestest girl is still by my side. The exceedingly competent Any one who lives in Central Phoenix who needs great care for their pet should trust their animals to this clinic I love that they called 2 days after seeing my pet to check up on her! I took advantage of the Yelp certificate which was a great deal." jUQpIF_bhhF_XQqScrt5yg  knowledgable and most professional.  Dr. Schroeder is AMAZING!  The BEST vet in Phoenix- HIGHLY recommended."  but East Maryland Animal Hospital got me in ASAP and was very attentive to my little one. They are a little on the expensive side- but it beat the Emergency Vet fees" Mostly staff is great (Candida is the best).  Prices are DEPLORABLE.  Compare prices between EMAH and other Vets before making the decision to make this place your primary vet.  I Guarantee you that they will try to nickle and dime you for EVERYTHING if you let them.  Not ethical in my books.  but they treat me and all of my animals very well."  they were awesome for one of my good friends throughout her cat's life... maybe they're just better cat vets?" This is the dog's doctor and we're also taking puppy training classes here every Wednesday. The trainer is great and Pip seems pretty happy there.  compassionate doctors who really care about your pet. We had to send our 14 year old Lab ""Over the Rainbow Bridge"" on March 21st. It was sudden and Dr. Martens took care of my babygirl. And she and the office manager Joyce made the experience a bit easier for us when we had to say goodbye.  Everyone from the front office to the vet techs to the doctors at EMAH are the best as far as I am concerned. I trust them 110% with all of my furry kids." "Dr Schroeder was great & very thorough w/ our new puppy. I had a lot of questions & she answered every one of them. She also followed up w/ an e-mail response after looking further into one of my questions. I also like that she gave our puppy lots of love & attention. The vet tech & staff were all very welcoming & friendly Great people. They really understand pets and work with you and your pet. They won't try to upwell you at all. I would recommend this vet to anyone. Too bad I do not live in AZ anymore. I highly recommend them!"  a dog that is excited for her appointments is worth it!" jUQpIF_bhhF_XQqScrt5yg  and they called to confirm my requested time as well as the day before to make sure I was still able to make it. The check in process was very easy and efficient. They noticed how nervous my pup was and let us use a private waiting room while the vet tech prepared for his exam. Vet was friendly and seemed to genuinely care about Civ. Will definitely go back."  etc. and the staff at East Maryland Animal Hospital are truly great.  From making the appointment to the final services  customer focused and have a true interest in making sure our pet is well taken of. Friendly staff. Short wait times to be seen and checked out. Very competent techs and vets"   comforting and accommodating throughout everything.  We even received a card that had hand written condolences after.  Good experience through a very hard time."  but stay on point and specific to any issues or concerns. We receive excellent care in the veterinary service "the front staff is very nice and accommodating. very small if any waiting time. Doctors are great and they don't try to sell you all sorts of stuff for your pets and they give you lots of free website and pamphlet advice. """ I would continue to go to East Maryland Animal Hospital even if I lived 100  miles away I wanted to say the staff and Dr. Martins are the top of their field!  I would trust them any day with my four legged babies!!!  Gismo and Lady love them all! they were recommended to me by cat fancy site as well as pet resort i left my cats at while i was going thru my move- they have been accurate and caring. Dr Martens is at the same time straight forward and caring. On the whole highly pleased with care and diagnosis for my elderly kitties - nice clean rooms and good care. like the front desk staff and most of the Vet techs i have experienced"  we did not sign up for any of the plans and never returned. We sought all future care at another Veterinarian in the area who is extremely professional and caring - albeit slightly more expensive." Helpful staff who is always willing to give the extra time to address my questions & concerns. The office is also close to my home (good area) & have never had a negative experience when bringing Pistachio in for care.  and pleasant about it!! She even obtained keys to get into old files (from 6 years ago) and found what I needed!! I thought it was a lost cause! She saved the day for me  Bowser never seems skittish about going in.  He actually seems pretty happy.  Although he can't speak human "BEWARE! This hack outfit is interested in nothing but YOUR MONEY. Had an appointment at 11 a.m. today for heartworm testing and prescription refills for my two Husky's yearly heartworm medicine. 30 minutes before the appointment (just now) they call and tell me ""there is a problem"" and I will need to spend an ADDITIONAL $150 for a ""wellness exam"" before they can do the heartworm test. PATHETIC! There is no ""exam""  and his regular vet at Banfield would not get him in for four more days. I called East Maryland Animal Hospital and they got him in right away and treated us like we've been going there for years. I will no longer take him to Banfield and canceled my wellness plan there.  Dr. Schroeder will be his vet from here on out. She's amazing." """I have taken my pets to East Maryland animal Hospital for probably 25 years or so. The doctors have all been wonderful- and the staff is certainly a caring They show genuine enthusiasm for their work and love of animals. I have been using their services for my two dogs since moving into the neighborhood about six years ago and couldn't imagine going anywhere else. They doctors and staff are always very friendly and make my dogs and I feel at ease. They also have a great staff that handles the boarding area. Just make sure to double check drop off times...especially on holidays. We have always had good experiences at East Maryland. We have faith in the doctors and the staff.  she explained the diagnosis and came up with a plan to get my cat back to health.  3 hours after the visit Long time client as I have taken 3 dogs to these vets.  Dr Martens and Dr Schroeder are very friendly and knowledgeable.  They provide you the facts so you can make intelligent decisions in the treatment of your pets.  My dog doesn't feel nervous so that is another reason to take her there.  I am impressed with the followup phone calls to check and see how my dog is doing after any medication is prescribed or treatment/surgery performed.  I highly recommend them.  and such a great experience! Dr. Clemens and her staff were extremely friendly and patient! Zeke is a rescue Nice people but very slow and behind schedule. It is fine if you have at least 30 minutes to pick up your pet from being boarded or wait 45 minutes after your scheduled appointment. They will tell you 5 minutes but take 20 minutes.  I'll find a vet who values my time. Amazing staff! Felt right at home. I would highly recommend coming here for all your canine needs! Me and my companion felt welcomed and valued right when we walked thru the door. Thanks for taking such good care of my baby! See you all again soon! Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Great care given by knowledgeable and concerned physicians. Clean environment. "Very friendly and informative staff that really do care about the well being of your pet and not as much about the amount of money coming out of your pocket. The doctor recommended watching the sores rather than trying to pressure us into getting an expensive skin sample right away. I really respect that because she had an idea of what it might be and said "My dog and I were very pleased with the care he received at East Maryland Animal Hospital.  Can't say enough about Dr. Clemons "I'm so happy with this veterinary practice. They take great care of my cats in both emergent and non-emergent situations. We have seen Dr Schroeder & Dr Martens Dr. Martens is just wonderful and I'm so happy to find a Vet who has experience with small dogs - and has her own! Staff was friendly and responsive and I was just so happy to find a place I can have confidence in going forward - and for a long time! Thank you all!  not like the past experience I've wasted money on costly products.  The staff is very professional and friendly & environment is clean. I'm truly happy with the  business."  and I feel they have been with me through some pretty rough times.  I never worry that we will receive the highest standard of care and compassion.  Thank you to all."  every single person was sweet! best experience I've ever had hands down. I can't say enough good things about East Maryland Animal Hospital. The customer service and care were exceptional. I really appreciated the post op call from Dr Clemons the following day.  Even compared to my experiences at medical offices  and compassionate when she could have been judgmental. Our dog has been suffering for months because we thought it was too expensive to treat him. We are all relieved Dr Martens found a solution that fits our budget." "Thank you !!!    You have been amazing ... My dog is getting better everyday !   The sugar wraps and medication saved him his tail "I was new to the Phoenix area and my first priority was to find a vet for my almost 9 year old cat Lavender who was in liver failure. My friend recommended East Maryland and it was close to where I was staying so I went ahead and made an appointment before my move. From the moment I walked in door I had an amazing experience. They gave me a welcome bag with kitty treats and other goodies. Everyone is super friendly. They were able to help me find new medications for my kitty that my previous out of state vet hadn't tried. And referred me to their specialist who was able to do further testing for less than a 1/4 of the cost of my out of state vet wanted. We spent many days at East Maryland and I called even more in a panic- my cat is doing this should I bring her in or wait? Every time I was met with kindness and patience. Unfortunately Great care for our pup and super understanding when I'm a crazy dog mom. We switched from Banfield and haven't looked back.  as Dr. Schroeder is really great. We will never agree to an appointment with Dr. Clemens again."  at home. Why should I pay you to research potential problems online? This was not the Vet I have seen in the past. I want a refund!! You did NOTHING!!!! I am so angry with the incompetence of the visit I am spitting fire! Complete waste of time any money! Seriously I want my $60 back." A new and wonderful experience." Puff and Fluff is the best.  Try it out for yourself!"  and I couldn't be more pleased.  They have a new customer!  And she also does pick up & delivery plus pet sitting!!" The new owner Liz and her team are the best and the place is beautiful and clean.  Thank you for making it a wonderful experience."  whether you are stopping by for a quick nail trim or a full grooming service.    Both Kelly and Liz will talk with you to understand exactly what kind of cut/ grooming you are looking for-- they don't just assume or give you what they want.  The customer is always first at the Puff and Fluff.  Support your local business owner and stop by the Puff and Fluff!" "My neighborhood had two grooming shops and I didn't like them since we got our poodle mix 3 years ago. So I have been driving 15 miles to a person that both my dog and I sort of liked. Now a shop in the neighborhood shop is under new ownership and the groomer Kelly did the best job on my dog  but Puff and Fluff will be our last!  We are customers for life!" I'm happy to report they were very sweet with my skittish mutt and gave him a very nice cut.  I'm completely happy with the people and their work On a side note they also sell some great locally made dog treats that Shelby just loved. Love the idea!! I will always use their services!!!" This shop is delightful! I don't know what happened but it is something to see now! The people are friendly; they do all sizes of dogs and cats too! I can even bring my dog in just for teeth brushing but why when she can have a whole spa day! This is the only place for my petz! Brought my Yorkie in and they did an amazing job! Making my next appointment now. They clipped his nails bathed and cut and even cleaned his ears. This was one of the best experiences I have had at a groomers and I highly recommend them! The owner(s) and staff are wonderful and our doggie looks great when she's done! They are so caring and thoughtful. I have had no issues getting her in. I trust Puff and Fluff with my precious doggie." There is a new owner - not the same took my dog for a nail trim and he was cut to the quick!!:((( never had this happen with previous owner!!  very detailed on the grooming and great rates. My only complaint is the parking lot is a little tight!"  and my dogs have never looked so happy and ""confident"" after their groom! They were cut just perfectly and it could tell they weren't dying to leave right away like other grooming places. Now they have day care which we will be sure to attend a couple days a week :) definitely a place to check out if you want high quality service at a great price"  he looked WONDERFUL!  The groomer was so nice and everyone that worked there was so friendly.  They took time to answer questions for me about the breed and even offered suggestions on ways to help him get accustomed to grooming.  I would HIGHLY recommend Puff and Fluff to anyone.  They do a fantastic job and took great care of Sparky!" Took my two puppy-sons in for grooming for  their first visit here. The staff was gentle and kind. Toby and Rudy had a great day & received great haircuts. We're sold! "I took my 1 year old (and extremely ""happy"") shih-tzu daughter to get groomed after a not so good experience at our regular ""big box store"" groomers... we LOVED the Puff & Fluff experience and we will surely be back!  Plus I still gladly come from Laveen to have my Yorkie groomed. The ladies at puff and fluff are truly amazing. Thanks for making chewbacas visits wonderful. SERIOUSLY AMAZING DOG GROOMING" This place Is so cute!! The groomer made my adorable schnauser even cuter than before!  I didn't think that was possible.  They are nice people and the place is clean and we'll kept.  my shih tzu is partially blind because of this shops negligence. When I noticed my dogs eye I immediately called the owner who denied any potential wrong doing. Coincidentally my dog was fine before I dropped him off but when I picked him up he all of a sudden either got burned by a blow dryer or cut with scissors per the vet... ON HIS EYEBALL!!! I'm certain it happened at puff n fluff. The owner sounded concerned for his health and said she would follow up in a few days after the vet visit ... Here we are three months later and still no call. Sad because I went there for more than 6 years and no longer feel safe there. Highly recommend looking for alternate groomers."  as beloved family members.  Their rates are very reasonable too." "I've been taking my dogs to Puff & Fluff for a few years now and I would never take my dogs anywhere else. I love this place and they have always been accommodating. I know I can count on them for a last second nail trim or a bath.  They are super sweet and gentle and patient with all 5 of my dogs I found this place and decided to give it a try. They were very friendly while booking my appointment and when I arrived. My dog seemed instantly comfortable. They were timely and courteous and my dog looked GREAT when I picked him up. I will be back!" "Wow what a great groomer. Fluffy has never looked better. The prices are competitive and the service was amazing. A bit hard to find "Liz is amazing! Such a wonderful person and business owner! The way she treats her clients is unheard of now a days. I highly recommended that if anyone is looking for a great groomer "I use Puff & Fluff for grooming and pet sitting.  I can share that Liz (owner) and her team are the best you can get!  I only trust her for pet sitting as I am very particular about leaving my dog's care in the hands of anyone other than myself.  She is attentive  easy to find and easy drop off/pick up.  In and out!  Bongo's hair cut looked the best it has ever looked!  He was came home calm and happy." Puff & Fluff is an adorable local business. The staff is always extremely friendly and they are more than willing to support local animal welfare organizations. Puff & Fluff graciously donated a raffle basket to us at AZK9.org to help raise funds for a dog needing and ACL repair surgery and attended a recent luncheon fundraiser on their day off. This is truly a business that cares about helping out in the community in addition to offering professional and wonderful services for pet owners.  nor did my vet. You would have known had you followed up as you said you would. It's your conscience that needs to be cleansed I highly recommend Puff&fluff for both grooming and pet sitting." Seriously - you guys are amazing!"  which means they can get her in/out in less time.  That's super important for her at this stage of her life.  I'm not one to leave our girl with just anyone and Liz makes me feel very reassured.  She texts me pictures of her while getting groomed.  Also Elizabeth the groomer is excellent as well.  She met me at my car just to make sure she had a chance to chat with me about how everything went.  I couldn't say enough kind things about both Liz and Elizabeth.  Not only did they do a great job on grooming but their caring and compassion sets them apart from most places.  I didn't realize but they are one of a few groomers that will groom elderly dogs. They both have the experience and are more than happy to help.  I highly recommend them hoping that you have the same great experience we've had."  and knowing that my 4th would be lonely they suggested that I let her go to. Liz had my 4th dog hang out with her and her two dogs all day long in the greeting area even though the 4th was not getting groomed! The owner of this place puts the animals in her care above everything else. I know my animals are safe at P&F. Anyone who says otherwise is crazy..." Awesome place! Melissa was so incredibly sweet and attentive to our little puppy. She was kind and very gentle while she took our dog back to get groomed. She was friendly and even texted us a picture of our dog to let us know she was all settled and doing great. Being that she is our baby it was very comforting and consideration her to go out of her way to make sure we knew our dog was ok:) The haircut was great and our dog was very happy when we picked her up! We found our new place for grooming! This was the first groomer we tried out in the Phoenix area. They had good reviews on yelp and good prices so we gave them a try. I was not impressed and left really missing our groomer back in CA. I asked for my dog's tail to get special attention. She was given back to me with matts still in her tail and her face hadn't been cleaned thoroughly. Pretty disappointed will not be returning. I love this place and you will too!" These people are just amazing!! My dog is easily excited and can be a little hard to handle at times. The people at this shop are pros with my Luna. They have a way of greeting her even when she is all jumping that just gets her to calm down. The staff calls when she is ready. The communication is fantastic!! Of course when I pick her up Luna is beautiful and happy! I am delighted to use and refer this fabulous spot!!  and I feel at peace while at work knowing that my ""children"" are in good hands :) I wish I knew about this company sooner!!!!" "I moved a few months ago and was looking for a groomer in the neighborhood.  I went on YELP and found a great first time deal for Puff n Fluff who were just down the street. I have a Brussels Griffon and it is hard to find a groomer that understands just how to do a Brussels cut and actually listens when I say I want her body short but her beard long! I also had a dog I had just rescued who was very shaggy and needed a shave badly! I brought both dogs in for a clean up. Just a few short hours later I got a call from Melissa saying everyone was ready- I was surprised how they had squeezed me in on short notice and also got done so quickly! Not only was I given a first time client discount on my Brussels  Millie was well taken care of and looked adorable at pick up.  Thanks for taking care of my baby (my 3rd child)." Fantastic business - the best in town!!! I so appreciate the love and care these ladies provide to my kids when I drop them off. They always look AMAZING when they come home with cute hair or clean teeth. I am obsessed with my little dogs and hate leaving them with strangers. These gals are like family!!! Brought my dog here last minute! They were able to get him in same day and did a fabulous job! He smelled so good and his hair cut was perfect. The owner was so nice and friendly and the storefront was cute and clean! I will definitely be bringing my dog back. PUFF & FLUFF ROCKS! :)" It was a great experience and i would definitely recommend to everyone.  I looked and looked for a professional groomer that would take extra special care of my extra special baby (my kids joke and say I love my dog more than I love them). I found Puff & Fluff though yelp and I couldn't be happier! I now bring all my animals (2 dogs & 2 cats) for their regular grooming here and couldn't be happier! My parents rescue cats (they currently have 15) and they brought their elderly cat here to be shaved because of mats and they are over the moon happy with their services also! So happy we found you and we will gladly refer you to all of our friends and family!" "I took my two a bit difficult German shepherds in for a bath and nails and they did a great job. They also said my dogs behaved well. I'm sure they lied  too! And he always comes back looking great.   Puff & Fluff is more than just a pet groomer. They are a local business worth supporting  and in this case I get great service at competitive prices Puff & Fluff is great! I have taken Sparky here three times and they are amazing! It is so easy to set up an appointment and they text you when your pup is ready! SO convenient! They ask you how you want your pup to be groomed and do not assume you want the usual. You can see where they keep the dogs as well which is such a plus and makes me feel even more happy to keep my dog there. The staff are so incredibly nice! I strongly suggest Puff & Fluff!  whether you're  getting a groom or boarding. Right next to SR51 @ Bethany home & 16th street makes it convenient too. Nice people here with genuine love for all things furry.Always a great experience for my dog We're extremely pleased with Puff & Fluff's pet sitting service."  to Puff & Fluff. I was very specific about what I wanted and they gave us exactly what we asked for! Waffles is a soft coated Wheaton Terrier mix and does not have the very dense coat of a purebred but I wanted that same classic Wheaton cut. They did such a great job with keeping the length even all over his body I just had my 2 cats Miller and Lite's 1st teeth cleaning anesthesia free at Puff and Fluff. They did AMAZING and everyone here is so nice. I would recommend them HIGHLY!!! Can't think my girl Melissa Simpson enough!!  and will spread the word amongst my friends!" I have been bringing my 13 yr old nervous dog here since August for grooming and hair cut and each experience has been great- my  dog comes home calm and clean - the staff are polite and professional- cost is reasonable about $35 before tip. The only con is the parking lot can get really crowded.  I texted for an appt. at Puff and Fluff on Monday and received a reply even though this is the day they are closed.  I was able to get an appointment the next day.  As this was my first appt for me at Puff and Fluff We took our Shih tzu in this morning for a much needed cut and grooming and they did a great job. He was ready in just a little over an hour and he looks like a new dog.  I would definitely recommend.  time that I wanted.  I was greeted by the groomer and the receptionist.  Everyone there was very friendly.  The groomer took time to ask me questions and show me examples so that I was able to get the exact cut for my dog that I wanted!  She was awesome!  The price was exactly what I expected.  $45 for a wash "These people are fantastic! They squeezed me in on short notice on a Saturday. It was Griffey's first time and he loved them. More importantly Very happy I found Puff and Fluff for my babies.  Took all 3 of our dogs for a bath yesterday and the girls looked beautiful when I picked them up.  They all smelled AWESOME too.  The people who work there are all very friendly and so nice.  We will definitely be taking the girls back there again and again.  I HIGHLY recommend this place and will not go anywhere else now.  THANK YOU.  and assured me they would call me if my kitty had any issues. I got the call about 2 hours later that she was ready to get picked up. They said she did great "Great vibes here :) Dilly looks super fab with his new do. $50 for a springer spaniel. Fair prices. Thank you! Oh yeah So I will continue to bring my little angel  to Puff and Fluff and glad I found them." "Easy to get an appointment. Really nice. Reasonably priced "Puff & fluff is such a weight off my back! I try to travel as often as a can but having a dog sometimes holds me back I left my dogs in their care and they came back looking so glamorous! One of my pups is very skinny and it is really easy to cut him but he has no cuts and he was very energetic and happy when he got home. The place is nice and the workers were very friendly. They already knew what I wanted on my dogs from the first time I went so I didn't even need to explain how I wanted their cuts. I'm very happy with their service!  took both my boys there and they came out looking. Looking clean and fluffy. I will definitely be back. Highly recommended this place for taking your pets."  I voiced my concerns and was offered to come in the next day and have the misunderstanding fixed. I am disappointed that puff and fluff doesn't over much for scissoring when it comes to my Aussie. His butt hair was shaved to the length I asked  she has been out and about and very social.  That definitely says to me that she had a non-traumatizing groom and they are concerned not only about the owners but about the pets!"  and did an absolutely beautiful job of grooming our 16 year old Lhasa.  They're very busy (as successful businesses usually are) but appear to handle the volume quite easily.  The front desk person said it would be about 3 hours and it was.  Plus they asked all the right questions about the dog and listened to what I said about her special requirements."  and went back in for my dog. I want the gal who was so cold to know I stopped on my way there for tip money and that her callous  demeanor showed. I did receive a text offering a comped wash but doubt I'll use it. Here's a clue cold lady - the vacuum can frighten the dogs I love this place. My little Charlie always looks so adorable and it's obvious the staff love what they do. Thank you for taking care of my baby!  and teeth. I was just surprised by how different his chin/beard looked. I also found an adorable chihuahua wine-bottle holder for a great deal!"  and my dog looks good and coat feels amazing. Definitely bringing my dog back here. Keep up the excellence!!!!" "Bane and I wanted to say thank you so much for taking care of him today! We both love his summer cut! We've been searching and searching for a new groomer since his old groomer closed "This place is awesome! I brought in my autisitc brothers little Havanese for her first professional cut and she looked better than I imagined! I had been helping him with  grooming her at home but I didn't have time to do it daily or deeply "Very conveniently located for me. They are friendly and my dog comes out clean and groomed as I expect "A very friendly staff with prices that are very affordable. You can't ask for more than that. Plus  tell me how she did on her visit and text me when she is ready to be picked up. Very easy and convenient. People are very nice and professional as well." "I took my cat Bella up here for the first time and had a absolutely wonderful experience. I was running late for the appointment  add a little smile with that service and Puff and Fluff Grooming gets a five star review."  but I was still pleased with the outcome and they always do a great job when she gets a full haircut/groom."  we were looking for a reputable shop to take care of his grooming needs.  So thrilled to find a local business that does great work and takes care of our pup!  We are moving to another part of the valley but it will be worth the drive to keep bringing him here.  Highly recommend!" Great service!! My dogs always look and smell great after their visit and the Staff is very friendly and you can tell they like what they do. My pups are a bit high strung and they have settled in nicely coming to Puff N Fluff. I recommend them for sure!! My Labradoodle looked great and didn't want to leave....what else do I need to say.   We have a new groomer! Our new groomers! So happy with the way our dog looks and everyone was so nice and warm.  as she hates regular trimming and gets nervous about anything that has to do with her nails. Puff & Fluff did a great job making sure my little girl felt comfortable and safe! I will definitely be coming back for all my dog grooming needs! I was very impressed."  amazing! I took my little Sophia (yorkie) here again for the second time and now I am convinced that this place is so great!! It's a small hidden gem and I am so happy that I found them! The ladies there are great! They welcome me and my pup with open arms and luv on her just like I do! They listen to exactly what I want  but man are they amazing here. She's never been hurt or had her nails snipped too short that they hurt. They are always so accommodating and even after our first time there they remembered by baby. (: love this place seriously. If my chihuahua was long hair this is where I would take her to get groomed." Thank you Liz and Anna. We'll see you again soon." "I took my two cats to be groomed at this salon for the first time.  I dropped them off at 8:30 and they told me they would be done by 10:00.  At 10:00 I got a call saying it would be 10:45 as they weren't dry yet.  I got there at 10:45 and they were done We've definitely found our new groomer!" I recommend this place to anyone looking for a friendly groomer that'll take care of your pets." Very tech savvy place with quick booking through texting and paying service using an iPad that calculates tip for you. Service was great with the owner even texting me afterwards to see how happy I was. My 2 pups got groomed well of course with very subtly perfumed products. They did not come home with any cuts or razor burns. Highly recommend.  or gouges. I really like that they have a separate room for kitties. Anything to make going to the groomer less stressful wins points in my book." The best groomers I have been too.  Bathed and brushed our curly haired labradoodle.  We are growing her coat out and she had some matting.  They took care of it so we didn't have to shave her...yet.  was incredibly prompt in responding to my initial inquiry.  Today was my dog Stewie's 1st experience at Puff & Fluff.  I don't live close to this business so coming down this part of the valley was definitely outside of the norm.  We've had some interesting results with grooming services in the valley in the past.  I fully expected to walk away from this appointment with the same less than desirable results.  Needless to say "I was in between jobs and could not afford to groom my poodle and shizi-poo.  They were so matted.  My usual groomer kept them for 8 hours and finally asked me to pick them up Liz and the crew at Puff & Fluff always do a great job with my baby girl. Would not take her anywhere else!!  always grooming Pecan as I've asked. Pecan seems to enjoy the place. You can schedule appointments via text I love this dog groomer!  They were so great with my dogs!  The two of them seemed happier then when I dropped them off!!!! A++++++++++++++++++  and made her feel so comfortable. She came home so fresh and so clean. Booking an appointment was an ease through texting. Snoopy has found a groomer for life!"  that's exactly how he looked! They were so kind and good with him and he was the happiest pup when I picked him up! Liz even followed up right after to make sure we were happy with everything. It was so quick but they did an amazing job! Even though it's a bit of a drive for us  no service at all.  Had been taking my dog here for over a year for services that include nail trim and it turns out they haven't been trimming as promised (see photo).  Even mentioned and showed the long nails to them when I dropped off today and was still ignored.  Final straw was when I booked a bath and brush with a face trim.  Looks like they got my dog wet but didn't clean him at all.  Eye crusties and dirty whiskers all over his face when I picked him up.  No face trim at all.  Also ignored request to not blow dry out his curls.  Owner has refunded our money but the rest of their staff is untrustworthy and lacks any personality at all.  If you want to get what you pay for "Recently moved to Phoenix and was worried about finding a good groomer for our nervous cat.  The staff at Puff & Fluff were friendly Great experience when taking my yorkie to get groomed here. Clean and my dog is always looking adorable leaving there. All the ladies there are very nice as well! Need to go anywhere else! Great local shop! My dogs' nails look great and the staff was super nice! There's even a little chihuahua who stays in her perch watching over the shop! I took my dogs here yesterday and they were great. Everyone is friendly and knowledgable. Both of them received hair cuts and look good. I would recommend checking them out. "I brought my baby Mac in for his first groom and they were loving and did the most awesome job ever!  It truly pays to stay with local businesses.  Not only will we be back Ug0LxMh0mZ0j0A-QjKzWng  I was so pleased again all around. Bear was happy and looked fantastic and the customer service is spot on. Everyone that I've encountered there is welcoming and accommodating - even with my schedule snafu. They got my little guy in the very next day. My first impression review (originally posted on P&F's Facebook page) is below and it still holds true OH MY GOODNESS. So happy I came here! My Lexy was in major need of a groom and after taking her to Petsmart to get it done her first couple times I was very disappointed. Coming here for the first time both Lexy and I left happy! I could tell they took very good care of her here. She looks so beautiful and I am very happy with the outcome of her hair. Thanks girls at puff and fluff! You truly stand by your name and your astounding customer service! Lexy will definitely be coming back. 5 stars for sure!  the best groomers!! They did an excellent job turning my two ragamuffins (labradoodles) into works of art! Plus Wonderful job grooming Nemo!  He looks so handsome. I am new to AZ and I am so happy I found this groomer. We will be back! Thank you Puff and Fluff for taking care of all three girls!" "Love supporting local businesses like this! P&F does an amazing job getting your four legged friend friend groomed quickly and carefully. The owner is amazing and texts you after each grooming  & sweet to my dogs.  I have tried lots of groomers over the years I'm giving Puff and Fluff a solid 5 star rating. Gypsy seemed to be happy with the experience and it went smoothly. We will definitely be returning!"  and Liz always goes out of her way to make sure that I'm happy.  They may take a little longer than other groomers  even with my husky's double coat. I'm extremely pleased with the service. It was clean and I could tell that these people love the animals!" "Simply the best pet grooming experience I've ever had. Staff was friendly and answered all of my questions. I wasn't too sure what kind of cut I wanted for my pup I've been to Puff and Fluff once and I just made my second appointment because I liked their service so much the first time! They really listened to what I wanted and treated my little princess well! She seemed happy and low stress when I picked her up! Little expensive but they do a worthy job. We've now used Puff n Fluff for more than a year and we continue to be very satisfied. I highly recommend them. Our first time at Puff and Fluff!! They did a great job!! Did exactly what I asked!! We will be back We moved recently and I was looking for a good groomer in the area. I am ""that"" person that cries dropping their dog off at the groomer (she is almost 10 years old I can't say enough for these groomers! We have a plethora of animals and always come away from here EXTREMELY happy! They are always willing to work you into their schedule and always do a phenomenal job! BTW this is a very small place - I drove by it once before I saw it We love this place! It is close to our home and they always do a fantastic job with our dog. Have taken my girl there a few times.  The cut and groom was good. Love this place! We take our little maltese here and he always comes out just the way we like him! (Which is not the case with most groomers.) Thanks for being awesome at Arcadia and at Uptown!! Friendly staff! I bring my two cats in for nail trimming every 3-weeks. Reasonable prices in comparison to places nearby.  and they smell amazing! They always do a great job on the nail trims too- something I've noticed that other groomers don't always pay the most attention to. Wonderfully priced and the staff has always been very professional and easy to talk to. Thanks for all of your amazing work Puff & Fluff!" I wont go anywhere else and I would definitely recommend bringing your dog(s) here!"  and even explained how we could make it even more heat-friendly next time without having to shave him. With a nice long walk ahead of time and a friendly staff  my dad and I turned to Puff and Fluff. They have great customer service and did such a thorough job on Zoe within the said time they said that the job would be done. She's now very clean and relieved from all her matted hair This place is great! I had been recently looking for a grooming salon my dogs for a while now and I saw Puff & Fluff via Yelp. I have a little Maltese puppy who had never been groomed before and she was very well behaved and cooperative the whole time. The service was amazing and the workers were so kind and even gave her a treat. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone! "This is such a great little shop!  I have been bringing my dogs to Puff & Fluff for the past several groomings and have been so happy with the outcome.  The dogs look great  especially when he realizes something like he's at the vet or going to get groomed. They did very well and were very honest.  They admitted they needed three people to help hold him and comfort him. I personally appreciate it so much when someone is honest about what goes on behind the scenes. Once in the car I examined his nails and was super impressed! Not only were they trimmed I've been taking my dog here for a while now. I like it because it looks clean and the lady's who work there are very sweet. I can tell he likes it because he doesn't seem nervous to go in for his haircut. He comes out looking great every time!!! I completely trust them with my dog.  haircut and bath.  Very happy with the service and staff.  Everyone at Fluff and Puff go the extra effort to make it a good experience.  The price is quite reasonable too.  Max Will definitely be returning for future grooming needs." Got our Miniature Schnauzer puppy groomed here and are very pleased with the results! Staff was friendly and professional with both us and our pup. Highly recommend Puff and Fluff for those who are looking for a place to get your pet groomed! We will definitely be returning.  and is kind enough not to guilt you about passing on the $500 echo-cardiogram. She has little tricks to distract the cats while they are getting their shots and offers a number of over-the-counter and inexpensive solutions to try for minor ailments or bad feline habits. They have an on-line ""pet portal"" service so you can keep track of your pets' records and when boosters are due. The office is always clean  staff is nice and it is always clean."  was flexible. When I asked to deviate from the standard puppy vaccination plan and follow the veterinary protocol recommended by my breeder (a yorkie lover with 20 years experience breeding show and pet yorkies) I would definitely recommend this Vet's office to anyone. Knowledgeable and Friendly staff!"  and Lisa were all wonderful. Clementine doesn't do too well with strangers right now and everyone was so patient and kind. Dr. Temple and Diana even sat down on the floor in the examination room to spend some time with her. Unfortunately  so I take the issue of their care very seriously.  And so does ACH..."  and the overall experience is very positive.  My dog was recently ill and Dr Halver made an excellent referral to a neurologist as well.  Unfortunately  that basically asks how much money you're willing to spend on your pet.  Wanna bet that's the first thing they look at?  Every vet I've encountered who has this question ended up being a rip off.  From now on I'll run out of the office as soon as I see that question."  as he is expensive but SUPERB and worth every penny) she was much better.  I also was concerned about the Flovent she was on and the Dr. in CA (who also checked her eye WITH AN INSTRUMENT unlike Bishop) said she was having a reaction to it.  In Fact Both the vet and the tech were very professional and friendly.  The vaccinations went fast My situation didn't have a chance to grow into a more positive experience with this 3 vet shop. Shop elsewhere to avoid the wait."  which seems to be a gold standard for Phoenix vets.  They also don't charge a ludicrous ""exam fee"" every time they see your dog because they put him on a scale."  but don't be alarmed. Everyone there was great. I'm already taking him back next week for his yearly shots."  is incredibly competent and always puts me in a good mood. She seriously makes my day whenever we go in because she does her job well and treats everyone with such respect  I will be bringing my pup back in the future!" I honestly got more information from reading webmd than from going to see Dr. Halver. He prescribed my pup $66 antibiotics and $45 nasal drops on top of a $57 exam fee. I would say comparatively this place is very expensive and I did not feel important to the doctor there. Will not be visiting this clinic again." Thank you all for making my first vet experience such a memorable one." Thank you all at animal care hospital you are wonderful" I had a very wounded kitty and took him to the clinic  to see Dr Bishop. He spent less than ten minutes looking at my cat and would not do anything unless I did the MAJOR procedure that he wanted to do. I had to request to see him again during my visit to ask questions and he was rude. I also had to request all meds-nothing was suggested or offered. This clinic is just trying to get money anyway they can without taking consideration of true pet needs. I will take my pets else where in the future.  and they always try to keep our wallets in mind by giving us different options.  We go 20min out of our way to come here and it's worth it!" These vets and the staff are truly wonderful and genuinely caring. I just can't say enough great things about them.  they are all so welcoming and loving towards our girls! The doctors are very knowledgable and helpful and I wouldn't take my dogs anywhere else now." Great team and doctors! No unnecessary nonsense and take the time necessary to answer your questions. Doesn't get any better...you and your pet will be happier! I had a two year old pit bull name red. SOP much energy. But I took him to this vet. when he started having seizures. I was told to give him meds that would help calm the seizure of course they would not go away. But since taken the pills he had more seizures. I called to inform this facility. So they put him on another pill  where the seizures got worst. I took him back into the vet they said he is healthy. and they didn't know why he was having seizures. but know Mri know x Ray for tumors nothing. now my dog is in heaven I hate this vet I wouldn't take a ant to this place. I TRULY HATE THIS VET OFFICE. THEY WILL NOT GO FAR TO SAVE YOUR PET LOOK SOME WHERE ELSE AND I HAD THE MONEY FOR ANY PROCDURE THEY DONT CARE ABOUT YOUR FUR BABY. F&@$ this place and every body that workS there sad. YOUR FUR BABY WILL DIE ALL THEY CARE  ABOUT IS MONEY TRUST  ME LOOK SOME WHERE ELSE PLEASE SAVE YOUR BABY PLZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ. I have been taking my cats to Dr Bishop at Animal Care Hospital for 23 years.  He and the staff have always given the best care and compassion to my cats. I wouldn't go anywhere else even though I have moved farther away from their location. It's well worth the trip.  and knowledgeable vet I have ever had the chance to meet. I can't thank her enough for having treated my English bulldog. She is truly dedicated to her work "I moved to Arizona from California recently and wanted to find a good place for my pets who are getting up there. A friend from the dog park recommended Dr. Halver. Apparently he had helped diagnose the friend's dog debilitating illness after a few other vets could not.  I went to Animal Care Hospital recently when my dog had a mass on her leg. Dr. Halver asked me many questions about Josie (the dog)  a walk in the room by a vet is insanely expensive. Dr. Halver had no rapport with my pet. Bad all around."  is superior to any I have gone to in the past 15 years.  My old vet retired and his replacement vet moved to Utah when the Light Rail took their office.  In the meantime we looked for a good vet and experienced some really scary visits to dirty offices with greedy doctors and incompetent assistants.  The Animal Care Hospital doctors (ALL OF THEM!)  professional and sincerely caring of my kids they are honest...I wouldn't take my son anywhere else and they will have my business  and a life long referral for anyone else in need of top notch animal care..." They've got my business." I would not recommend taking any animal you have there as they really do not care  his tail was either broke or dislocated from either being picked up by it or being caught in a cage.  It is slowly getting better I have taken our Labradoodle to several places and this is the best.  She is also super excited when we go and is in a great mood when I pick her up.  Since I have started bringing my dog scheduling has taken longer but I am guessing it's because they have a lot of customers. I've always felt I could trust them to provide compassionate  then he'd be throwing up! My boyfriend took my dog to a different vet today and they said he had a slipped disc in his neck from playing too much with other dogs. Why wasn't Dr. Stupidcock able to diagnose something like that??? Oh and the total amount I spent yesterday at Palo Verde was: $513.00. If you love your pet and want an honest diagnosis receptionist was very rude and i would never take my pet here! We've used them for dog boarding when we go on vacations. Our dog always appears to be in good health upon arrival. We've used them for many years. I do not want to relive the experience emotionally so I'm keeping this short." w22zbaf5ERGr8jcrzPB1CQ ZGvCIF9zNGr4cctlj0vg9Q I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone. They were VERY impersonal and all they cared about was my money. I'm a person who goes off the vibe I feel when I first walk into a place. If I'm not comfortable there must be a reason. Sure enough  and the team at Palo Verde has done a great job of helping me to manage both sets of issues. Particularly the epileptic dog - Dr. Babcock once even met me at the office at midnight on a Saturday to give me a valium prescription and couldn't have been nicer about it. Another time he took my dog home with him over the weekend to troubleshoot the situation. He is older as other reviewers have mentioned "I so wish I would have read Yelp before taking my dog here. They are horrible !!!  I called when my dog landed wrong on her leg and was limping. When I called I was quoted 66.58 for the exam and 114.00 if xrays were needed. The tech was awful. It appeared as though she has no idea what she was  doing. The doctor examined her pulled extremely hard on her shoulder to get her to yelp. He said she needed xrays. The tech said it was going to be 215.00. I explained to her that I was quoted differently   the doctor decided that my dog should be sedated. They took her to the back and had the rock out in no time. The final bill was (in my opinion) very reasonable and I was very appreciative of their assistance. I will definitely consider them for my dog's future needs/emergencies." Just a great place! Quality veterinary care!  very impersonal! The doctor only cares about money and is rude! I would never ever recommend this place to anyone! If you don't like your job  our little one only had a minor ear infection.   I felt he just wanted to get the money. We had 2 of the horrible days fearing the worst. Avoid this place It's interesting that almost all negative comments on here talk about how they want your money."  & other staff for about 15 years. Through welcoming a new dog to saying goodbye to the old ones "I love them. Dr Babcock is blunt but he's honest. Been going there for years. One of my dogs that I rescued off the elist at the pound acted like her tooth hurt so I took her in be get checked. She needed a dental cleaning that's all but cuz of her probable age we did blood work. I was at the grocery store when he called me personally to tell me her monocytes were really high and that we should run a cocci titer (valley fever). It came back really high. She had no symptoms at all of VF. So we began a year of the ""valley fever cocktail"" terbinifine He seemed to have had a blast. I was able to have fun on my vacation and not worry about him being locked up. I will FOR SURE WITH OUT A DOUBT be taking Ladmo back here for any boarding needs. They do grooming as well but he is in love with his groomer at Petsmart so we will keep going there I also found out they charge a whole heck of a lot less for grooming then where we usually go. So we may pay a visit for grooming." "Been going here since my dogs were puppies. One has died since and the other one is now 7 yrs old. She is an Akita and isn't exactly friendly with everybody or most dogs. They don't believe me at Sherry's. They think she is the sweetest thing. She seems to get along great with the other dogs FMrpyKPa4ffQmo015b3Bmg I really can not find the words to express how phenomenally disgusted and outraged we were over this case of extraordinary dishonesty "I wish that I could have got ahold of Sherry's Pampered Pets so that I could have made the reservation that I needed. But after 2 attempts at contacting them by phone and leaving them a voicemail that never got returned  do not cut their ears and do not cut their tails...both were cut.  One of my dogs is a Matipoo and she had a beautiful long tail that dropped down over her back and now it is gone.  Not only did I request that in person at the time I took them in  she's had no problem eating since she's so comfortable there. She's always excited to go inside when we pull up in the car and greets the staff excitedly. I highly recommend to anyone!" My ex had me watch his dog while he was out of town and I decided to have it groomed like a lion. Mission completed. They are super friendly and the place was clean. Park in the back it's easier to get in and out. I've been using Sherrys for over 6 years and they are always available by phone to set an appt in advance or at last minute.  nails trimmed and less hair (I asked for them to brush out the undercoat)! The price was awesome too!! I looked all day and kept being quoted 50-70 for each dog! When I called sherry I was quoted 30 per dog and they got me in within two hours! I will be back once a month for my pups!!" "I have a weiner mix and a pitbull australian shepherd. My dogs stayed for five days while I flew home for Christmas. It is perfect because my dogs get to share a run and get play time! It does stink like ammonia inside I love this place!  I used to work there (over 6 years ago) so I am well aware of all their business practices and how they treat the dogs that come in and I wouldn't trust anyone else with my furry babies.  Michelle grooms my girls every two weeks for a great price. They truly love the animals there. Took care of my 3 dogs and did an awesome job. Facilities look very nice and dogs look spoiled. Very reasonable priced. I will go again.  he didn't want to go home. He loves it here. I love how they post photos of the dogs throughout the day. It lets me know my little guy is having fun and is well taken care of." My ex never picked  his dog up ( see last review) so now  Kingsley is my dog and he loves getting groomed like a lion. "On Tuesday 3/17/2015 at 11:30 am drop off 2 of my dogs to be groomed  got a call to pick them up at 4:15 pm which I proceed to do at 4:30 pm. When I picked them up I noticed one of my dogs back legs where walk not normally hoping he would come out it this social dog went into hiding and panting heavy I was not sure what was wrong I assumed maybe the owner who groomed my dog accidentally nicked my dogs private which I called  the next day to let them know but as the day went on my dog seem to take a turn for the worst and at 8:30 pm I was at 1st pet veterinary centers where they said my dog had a slip disk in his  back and was prescribe tramadol  he had a full smile on his face and maintained that smile for days afterwards!  His previous experience with an other groomer "Just picked up my westie ""Casper"" - he is 14 years old and a little grumpy - the groomers always do a great job with him - he looks beautiful and he loves the place and the people. I drive all the way from Fountain Hills to take him here. He's been going here for over 10 years and we couldn't be happier. Thanks to a great staff and professional groomers." "I have taken my yorkie here twice before. The first time I fell in love. The front desk person greeted us with a smile and a big hello to our baby. I felt safe and secure leaving our little one with them. When we picked her up she was happy and we were happy with the results. Excited to find a place so close near us we decided they would be our go to groomers. So I booked a second appointment a few months later. Reception was not as warm but I guess the only thing that mattered was they treat my baby well. Dropping her off felt like an inconvenience on their part. The person on the phone sounded upset that I didn't know who ""my"" groomer was. I'm thinking I am barely building a relationship with you guys. Why do I have to have a set groomer all of a sudden?? Is there some sort of bidding war going on behind the scenes that I just don't get?! You've had my dog before ONCE. I'm not going to settle on one person after only one point of contact. As a consumer can I not choose to have my dog seen by another groomer if the previous groomer was not there? Am I limited to ONE PERSON? Whatever. I was already there. She treated me rudely but was very sweet to my dog so I shrugged it. Welp. I called today to make an appointment and was again asked who my groomer was. The lady who picked up sounded extremely annoyed. Was rude and curt. So much so she put someone else on the phone to tell me they have no openings. Mind you "My dog and I love Sherry's Pampered Pets. They are able to book last minute day care trips as well as making sure he has plenty of play time with the other dogs. I take my dog here for daycare trips just because! Even better is the super affordable grooming  here just a few days ago. They did an AMAZING job! He's part cairn terrier but I don't like the typical cut groomers give so I always request just a trim and to focus on his beard. They shaved him underneath and did just a trim elsewhere. He looks so good! Plus they don't put the dogs in a crate when they're done. I like that they let them play with other dogs until I pick him up. I'll definitely be back and will be recommending everyone I know here."  we decided to give them a try. I couldn't be happier!! They did such an amazing job! The staff is friendly and super helpful! Our girl looks great! I'll definitely be coming back." I went to pick up my dog.  He was not groomed.  I just wanted to take him home at that point.  They would not let me until I paid the 25.00 for nothing.  I will take them to court. I highly recommend Sherry's Pampered Pets. They are like a home away from home for your dog." HbIiJgAcKu_XlHT8Rv1dxQ  but whenever we are there the staff is very friendly and the Dr. is very honest and gentle with my dog. Two paws up for this place!" All around great place." They staff is awesome!  I can get my dogs in the same day if I need to.  They also offer doggie daycare and boarding.  My dogs love going there!  They an acre of grassy area for the dogs to run around in as well as letting the dogs roam around the office during office hours. It's not enough to keep me from there - in fact I think we went there one time after that.  But They know our dog by name & when we see the staff in our neighborhood they always say hello." Doggie day care is AWESOME! Our blue pits need the extra playtime and are good and tired after a full day playing. Another positive - their grooming prices are very reasonable and the staff is super friendly." ps..I thought I might have lost my wedding ring there and they were so concerned when I called. Everybody there is so friendly!"  they are excellent. I recently had to put my cat down after 15 years together. I came home from work to find him unable to move and I called the vet at 4:45. I was so relieved when they told me to come right in with him. Dr. Robbins assisted us with seeing my old boy safely to the Rainbow Bridge. Her words of comfort and a hug afterward meant the world to me. And then a few days later  for over a year now.  They are always helpful and answer all of our questions.  They also have boarding and day care.  If there were ever I time I needed those services  Dr K. recommended that I bring my youngest rescue pup to daycare to help socialize her. She is very rambunctious and also untrusting of strangers. Yesterday was her first day and my fiance and I couldnt believe that our dog was so calm when we picked her up- she was plum tuckered out! She will now be going at least once a week. Thanks so much Deer Creek employees for always taking such good care of my babies! Dixie "I have taken my dog here for extended boarding twice.  Both times he was sick when I picked him up.  The latest illnesses include mange.  If you love your pet  I returned to dcah and they performed another surgery that fixed him up and allowed us to do payments after the $3k + I just spent in other surgeries. Not to mention they knew him by name :)  I have never used them as a daycare  just in case any of their owners happen to read this. It was clear that they didn't want to lose 4 clients versus one by making a decision to not notify the other owners. If my dog instigated an attack  probably because of how he is treated by the doctor and all the staff.  I have been going to Deer Creek Animal Hospital since a friend referred me around 2003 or so.  I am so glad I tried them out.  When I moved to AZ I had two other dogs and they too were very well taken care of there.  Even when it was time for them to go to Doggie Heaven the staff couldn't have been more loving and supportive.  Sam is treated like the Prince he thinks he is :)  I think they have very reasonable prices.  When they moved around the corner to their big beautiful building I was afraid maybe the prices would go up but I still think their prices are good.  The exam and shots (minue rabies) is under $100.  I pay a little more because I have Sam on preventative Heart Worm medicine.  He had heart worm when he was surrendered to the Humane Society.  To the people that have had a bad experience well I'm sorry to hear that.  I agree with the person that said that it could have happened any where.  I just referred a friend and was surprised by the $10 referral bonus that was on my account.  I would recommend Deer Creek to anyone who is looking for a great place to take their loved ones." "I am very happy at Deer Creek for the basic and as needed care of my dogs.  I do use low cost vaccinations from the many organizations around the valley So glad for everything her and her staff does for us. I have referred many of my friends to her and they like them as much as I do." "I have taken all 3 of my dogs and my cat here. I recently had to put my oldest dog down. So difficult to say goodbye after 17 years. The staff at the hospital were compassionate  but this experience made me want to right a review. Our cat got sick suddenly and the news wasn't good. We would have to put her down within hours of bringing her in. The staff was amazing. They sat with her and held her while we dropped our little one off at school and I drove home from work. They made her last momments loving. They hugged us all and we just received a condolence card in the mail.  As long as I'm in PHX  and you certainly won't think about when you dog is literally on their last legs and you don't know if putting them down is the right thing to do. I cannot thank Dr. Higgins and the Staff of Deer Creek Animal Hospital enough for the 12 years of service and care they provided my dog  Dr. Robbins called me to check on me and tell me how sorry she was. That really meant a lot." "The staff is very friendly and you can tell they are animal lovers.  I took my dog here for day care and came back to find her behind the desk with the staff and other dogs.  I had told them to watch for her sore leg.  They did and they noticed her starting to limp and getting overheated so they brought her in We are so glad that we found Deer Creek!" Thanks for taking such great care of our family members!" "We have been taking our (2) dogs there for over 4 years and couldn't be happier. When we pull into the parking lot Staff was very nice and my baby Pumpkin seemed to have enjoyed her stay. Next time I visit my family in Phoenix I will definitely use this facility again. "Excellent docs and groomers.  We have been taking our pets here for a long time.  Even when we had to put one down   and was well cared for all day! Can't wait to take him back for more play time next weekend!" Sketchy Doggie day care. I would advise to look somewhere else if you are looking for your dog to be watched and not involved in negative behavioral socialization. HbIiJgAcKu_XlHT8Rv1dxQ  so why does she need to come in outside of her normal check ups to be seen.  I told the young lady on the phone that this seems to me to be just a way to get another $50 out of me since this is an ongoing issue and it is not going to go away.  The first young lady told me she would check with her supervisor and came back and told me it was a state law that requires a vet to see the animal every year in order to renew prescriptions.  Ok...but I need the medicine now and I work out of town so I can't bring my dog in for an unscheduled appointment on the fly.  She went to get her supervisor...Olivia.  My understanding is that Olivia is the office manager.  Olivia single-handedly tainted the reputation of this organization with a 5-7 minute conversation.  She was flippant and rude.  Told me that it was a state law and I would be asking the vet to do malpractice.  I ask Olivia what the law was and she hemmed and hawed that it was a national law as well.  I have no doubt there is a law out there  Buddy James in for routine check up and grooming. This place is absolutely wonderful. They run on time and always take care of him like there own. I have had issues with groomers in the past which has buddy a little uneasy however they where able to complete his grooming with no problems.  His ears where very badly matted but they shaved him right up as I asked and he looks feels amazing. I would recommend them to anyone !" "Been taking my dog lewis here for past two years. Customer service has always been great. Even when its crazy busy and phones are ringing off the hook None of my four rescue dogs will ever be stepping into this facility again. I hope others in the Phoenix community take my advice as I would never want someone else to have the same experience I did." I do not recommend this place to get any sort of treatment.  But if your looking to pay $350 for just a recommendation to another vet then this is the place."  under veterinary services you will find a tab that reads ""surgery."" Here they state that they offer a full line of surgery service  including the surgery they recommended my dog receive. That doesn't sound like a general practice facility to me. Once again Elke has made a full recovery from her surgery a few months ago and she is back to her old habits.... Can you say dog friendly Starbucks pupachinos anyone? Thanks Dr. Higgins for taking such great care of her!  which I am normally fine with. I'm not ok with the dogs being boarded at DCAH running loose in the back halls. It is extremely loud and my dog is growling at the sound of the dogs the entire time. My dog is already terrified to be at the vet and when they take him to the back he is greeted by a bunch of unfamiliar dogs and this is a sure way to start a fight. This actually almost happened with my dog and it was really upsetting for me as well as my dog. I will give them credit in that they ask if your dog is good with other dogs before they take them back for care They are excellent for boarding and good for vet care. Dr. Higgins (and Robbins before she left) are incredibly kind and have palpable love and compassion for animals. I don't know if this is the best place for certain complicated illness but good for routine vet care. The place is rather chaotic at times and the level of expertise of the staff varies quite a bit. I will be looking for a new vet for my 3 dogs."  in the trauma of it all I can't remember her name). Unfortunately I had my 4 year old daughter with me because it was fall break. The girl 'kept her voice down' so that my daughter didn't hear about what we were talking about. Big thanks for that. I was also blaming myself for what happened to Red I wish there was a negative five stars for Deer Creek "So about a week after I wrote my original review I got a condolence card from this office in which a number of the employees had written a note by hand. I thought this was exceptional. No one sends cards anymore "I am blown away with the love and compassion we were shown by Dr. Rice and the vet techs. After going to several appointments and our 4 year old Boston Terrier being diagnosed with lymphoma and given only a few months to live "Dr. Grant is the BEST!  I have taken my cat ""Angel"" here several times and she is a maniac when they try to treat her.  She is definitely on the naughty list.  However Dr. Grant had/has the most calming energy from the moment he walked in the room.  She was so well behaved.  Even let him look in her mouth without complaint.  He has now become our new best friend.  Thank you Dr. Grant"  the front desk guy calls me back to take responsibility for not keeping my cats chart with her sample. Apparently the lab people at this clinic throw away the samples (bearing the first and last name of their client)  if the front desk boy fails to keep the chart with the sample...   That was the explanation from him...So much for their computers!!!  So my sample was thrown away.  He was apologetic and sorry for my inconvenience but where is the manager in all this?  Thanks for the call but I'm more concerned about the competency and accountability now.  Will there be any growth from this problematic process?? In the end I am so grateful we found them!"  I've been taking my dog to DCAH for over a year and I have to say we (my dog and I) just love it! We try to get him in for daycare every Friday. Since his 1st visit he's always been greeted by name and we've been treated wonderfully by their kind professional staff. He had 1 incident at day care where another dog bit him Love this kennel for my dogs! The price is good and I love that my dog is able to be outside all day with others running around and be able to socialize and play. I hate kennels that are indoors(Petsmart) so this is the only place I will take them for doggy day care or kenneling. Also love that they have an option to send you pictures or updates now as well "Our pups love it at deer creek animal hospital. They go weekly for boarding and the entire staff is so kind and amazing with them. Everyone knows ginger and chance when we walk in. They say ginger gives the best ""hugs"" which tells us she is comfortable at deer creek because she doesn't hug just anyone. We couldn't be happier to find such a friendly and amazing doggie daycare and boarding." Love this place! HUGE backyard play area for the dogs. Love the atmosphere for the dogs to wonder around in the office. Our dog Mochi Ortega isn't very social but loves the people here and the one-on-one attention. "I brought both of my blue nose Pits in due to skin problems. The doctor pushed pills. I changed the food from chicken to fish by suggestion of a former breeder and the skin problem went away. I then brought them back in again for a completely different skin problem between their toes and again pills were pushed. I was given a week of antibiotics a small when this didn't work they suggested a month of antibiotics. Here we are the antibiotics are finished and yet again my pit Bulls rash is still not gone aND I'm expected to pay again for an exam to find out why the Doctors orders didn't work. I can't seem to figure out why I am responsible for paying for this companies research and the detrimental effects that taking antibiotics for such a long Stent can have on their immune system in the future. This is by far the worst animal hospital I have been to and their lack of respect and communication is astounding. I will never return here again and I hope that anyone with a serious issue never brings their dog in. They are parrots. They use the same treatment for every issue for every breed. I'll also give the same review all of the previous 5 stars gave. The front desk staff is great. They saw me right away and took care of us and love the dogs. The Vet and the upper management are the issue. They are disrespectful "Deer Creek Animal Hospital is one of the best veterinary offices I have been too. I have been taking my babies there since before middle school and have received care  and would recommend to someone is looking for for these qualities Highly recommended for your puppy dog."  which gives me some peace of mind that my dogs won't come home with some strange sickness.  The staff here is so very friendly and they love our dogs and always give us a report of how they behaved and if there were any issues.  We are very lucky we found this place and we will be bringing our dogs here as long as they are around!"  but his kryptonite is other dogs; all his manners go out the window and he just barks and jumps and wants to play with his 4-legged friends.  I took him to Boulder Falls today to get him shaved down due to lots of shedding. This was the first time I had used a dog groomer.  I was pretty nervous that he was going to be out of control for the groomer and he would come back 1/2 shaved  but that's minor compared to great service and attention he receives and they've been very flexible when we need to drop off earlier than 8:30."  well fed and the staff even shared some stories about what they'd been up to." The humans are great to me. And my canine buddies and I have a blast. I can't wait until my owners go on their next trip! We have taken our dog Chip to Boulder Falls for 3 years now! We love this place. The staff is always super friendly and knows my dogs name from the second we walk in. It is almost embarrassing for me to see Chip get so excited when we pull into the parking lot (you would think he wasn't spoiled at home!). We trust Boulder Falls every time we go out of town -just for a night or 3 week vacation! It is also very handy to have your dog groomed while you are away with their in home pet groomer! Highly recommend to anyone who loves their pet! We recommend bringing your pet to Boulder Falls!"  LOVE this place and so do my dogs!  Great facility and super friendly staff.  I have been taking my dogs there for about 3.5 years and I highly recommend them!" We'll be back at Boulder Falls whenever we go away." "Great place for pets - my dog loves it. My only suggestion would be to extend their hours. For us working folks  I was very nervous.  I even called them during his stay to ask about him. I didn't get the standard ""he's fine"" response.  What I got was an in-depth conversation with the staff about details of my dogs behavior during his stay.  Only someone who was really paying attention to my dog and actually playing with him would have been able to tell me these details about how he plays and behaves due to some of his fun and quirky behaviors. When I drop any or all of the dogs off  eating and pooping.  An extra plus is that we can schedule an exit bath or a full-on grooming session (also extra fees for these) on check-out day so that Elli is sweet smelling when we get her home again." I have to only give it four starts though because I agree one one writer...not much of a selection of items!"  I'll still be back for pet basic needs Bottom line - go somewhere private. They will treat your dog a hundred times better and with more professional care."  it doesn't take long for another employee to open up another line to speed up the check-out experience AND they usually show up on their own Rude staff. Inhumane servants. Terrible experience for my dog." We were pleasantly surprised at the size of the discount our PetPerks card gave us. This made the cost very reasonable. With a service like this available Please also note the scissors and hand held tools groomers use are sharp and your pet being viewed through public windows is not wise.  Understand that grooming dogs in cubicles surrounding the grooming table and offerring privacy to your pet is MUCH easier on them. The reason other grooming shops do not want YOU or the general public visible to your pet being groomed is it usually upsets the pet. Close the windows  The store did pay for the vet visit and pain medication for my dog - it would have been ridiculous had they not - but how can they continue to use unsafe crates? And is their  policy to simply ignore dogs who are freaking out and may be hurting themselves in these unsafe crates?" "Horrible care. The staff knows the wire mesh crates hurt pet's paws on multiple occassions It's close and convient so we'll go back.  Since we don't use them for grooming or vet care  so we have to shop at PetSmart. I both love and hate PetSmart. I love it because it's easy to navigate and I can get in and out rather quickly. I love that I can also browse and take my time because there are so many different things to look at. I love looking at the birds "Horrible service!!! Don't ask for them to quote you a price before your grooming service. They will quote you low and then give you the ""but once you get here the groomer will let you know what it will be for sure"".... Once I arrived they originally quoted me $47 and the groomer said NO its going to be $83.... ? Never will I take my pets here again!!!!!!" Pretty bummed. My dog has been using petsmart for everything.  We use Banfield.  She's loved doggy daycare. She occasionally needs a professional bath and nails trimmed. I picked her up last night she was still wet! Luckily it's hot out. She has matts in her hair! Her nails are not trimmed. I asked she said she did them. Not at all. What a waste! I now need to find a new groomer in fear this happens again.  I think she was in a rush! Regardless I paid full price and not sure what I paid for! We love that this place is right around the corner. We only buy our dog's food here. Their prices are pretty standard. It is a very clean and organized store. There never seems to be many employees around to help or ask questions though. If you do find someone they usually aren't very knowledgeable.  which I'm a little less enthusiastic about. I can't speak to other locations Pet smart does great job with my  English bulldog I take him  there  5 days week if I go out town he stays there.  Thanks PetSmart  the customer service in there is horrible. Nobody working in there looks like they like there job  :( makes it difficult to want leave your animals with them. Anyway... My German Shepherd was supposed to have a bath My checkout attendent Danielle was rude & unhelpful. The engraving machine is cool though. We love this Banfield Hospital. Dr. Lemus is amazing and our fur babies adore her. We are so grateful for her caring demeanor and attention to detail. "Today I watched as a 6-7lb dog was treated horribly while being groomed. I told one of the employees that the man needed to be talked to immediately. The little dog was screaming in pain and terrified !!! The ""groomer"" was whacking the dog's legs so that he kept falling over. Why ? Because the dog was hurt and trying to get away ? It's not like the dog is happy to be there in the first place but to be abused is disgusting. Shame on you PetSmart !!! If you know who brought their dog in to be groomed at the Shea & Tatum location on July 1st  and matting his fur. It has yet to heal and it has been over a month now since his appointment. We are taking him to the vet and he may have to have surgery in order to correct this mistake." "The hotel is horrendous. I was there in September and never again! My dog got ticks while there and came home with a urinary track infection from not being taken out enough to go to the bathroom. Beware people I have English bulldog he goes doggie day 5 days week I like there they do great job I hate when people talk shit about business when you don't now whole story 2 sides story I own limo company in Vegas  75 CARS ONE BIGGEST I here so much  talk about my business everyweek end all cars out pick people great employees  and I own drywall company in Scottsdale 85 employees people talk a lot bs "My fish were dying and I didn't know why. I came in late and frantic and Max from the fish department knew everything. He saved my fish and saved me money. I am now a loyal customer and so thankful to pets mart for having such knowledgeable A letter to Petsmart pointing out their error and asking for reimbursement of the $75 was not responded to. Hence this *glowing* review of their knowledge of cat anatomy. This review can only be removed upon reimbursement of that $75." DEFINITELY NEVER COMING BACK!!!!!!!!"  I just witness a groomer having no patience with a dog she was grooming.  I stopped and stared after seeing her expression and how she was handing the large black poodle.  I asked for Manager but not in today .  Please drop in or have someone witness dog getting groomed.  Bad day or not "Very unhappy with the way we and our dog were treated today. We went in for what was supposed to be a quick nail grinding for front paws only for our well tempered short haired 10 pound dog.. They asked if we would like him to be shampooed and we replied 'not if there is a wait'. They assured us there would be no wait as they could get them right in. We emphasized that we did not want him in a cage for an hour. They said they understood . After 2 hours our dog was still not ready. After speaking to the manager and expressing how unhappy we were with the time it took for the dog's bath  and continued to let me believe she was healthy when she needed medical attention! They need to be much more thorough and attentive with the animals that we The downside is that the staff can be a bit disorganized."  they no longer take debit or credit cards as the bank fees have gotten too high for this small business. Cash or check only." "I have been taking my german shepherd rescue to Lorelle at the Critter Corral for years now.  Being a rescue she can be quite skittish when she is around strange people or other dogs but Lorelle is amazing with her and does everything she can to make her comfortable.  Additionally  and the lovely groomers who work their own tails off.  Very professional.  Tina groomed Max so cute that he knew it and was strutting his stuff when we got home!  Excellent shop!" dlqQuSgAjoP_S6bqFrRsvA  and she does an excellent job taking care of our dog. When are dog gets there  which will make it so much easier for me to keep up with the at home brushing. He even had a cute little bandana on when we went home; which I left on for the day because he looked so dang cute in it! The price was also beyond reasonable! Highly recommend the ladies of the Critter Corral to your fur babies I love this place and they were so great with my cat. I wanted her to be groomed like a lion and they did an awesome job. I will be a returning customer! "I am so happy to be able to take my big guy here to be groomed. He is 150 pounds of hot mess.(He is a Newfoundland) When I bring him in its because I haven't done what I should be doing on a daily basis like  brushing and he's all tangled up and he comes back looking amazing! Laurel is great with him and really makes sure to not stress him out and always goes above and beyond my expectations. I also like the fact that they don't throw him in a cage I've taken my pup Itchi here twice now and each time he's come home so happy! The gals are all very down to earth and friendly. Tina is my go-to she's pretty much the raddest lady ever and she actually listens to what I want unlike most groomers. Itchi always looks stinkin adorable an the prices are beyond fair. All around great business!!! "I have two Shih Tzu's and a Golden Retriever I take here and I have never been happier to get my dogs groomed! I've been to many places before and never trusted the staff and quality of service as much as I do here. Terri is fabulous with my dogs and I can always get an appointment within the timeframe I need. Their salon is very warm and the staff greet you promptly upon arriving. I like the quiet and friendly atmosphere as my dogs tend to be skiddish when I take them to public places and this is the only place I can tell they don't get shaken up by going to. They have adorable little cubbies right in the front where they do hair cuts where the little dogs can sit in comfortably so it's not metal cages your dogs are getting shoved into. Not to mention Terri's pricing Terri is so great with my Cocker Spaniel and he comes out looking so handsome and well shaved for the Arizona heat.  The detailed work is awesome!" Our dog Zoey loves it here. She always looks great after. Very easy to get an appointment.  but it was obvious I needed help. I saw the reviews on Critter Corral after doing an exhaustive search and rolled the dice. I'm so glad I did!! My hyper dog but easy groomer came back clean and happy. My high anxiety dog came back almost calm (that's a feat!)  when I picked him up he was NOT in a cage and he had a cute little handkerchief around his neck! They treated him like family "All the ladies here are super nice and took great care of my pugs "Best groomer around!  We have tried 4 and they are the Best!!!  Thank you Terry  but somehow they manage to calm him down. He comes home looking like a handsome little man! He smells great and is extra soft. They also give him a cute little bandana around his neck :) I really love that they can handle him without hurting him and they do such a good job. Keep up the great work Tina!"  I continued to seek their care even after I moved such a distance away that it wasn't convenient for me to get to because I valued their care and services so much. I just cannot say enough about how great I think the doctors and staff at Amigo are to their patients!"  Dr. Jensen did an amazing meticulous job and after sending the mass in we got the great news that it was not cancer. The caring staff at Amigo Animal Clinic made the stressful situation much easier and were fabulous from diagnosis to recovery. I give them the highest recommendation and know if your furry family members want the best care you cannot go wrong with their team!" Our puppy got parvo and thank God for Dr. Jensen and the staff little Jax is well and back to normal. I recommend Amigo Animal Clinic to everyone out there looking for a good veterinarian to care for their pets. I took my little 3 1/2 lbs chihuahua to get 6 teeth pulled and was very happy with the service. The staff is friendly and caring and Dr. Rose was awesome. "I take my two puppies : shetland sheepdog and cairn terrier/poodle mix whenever we go away for a few days or need to get some shots. they are reliable  but man is Robert wonderful! My cat won't event let me brush her  friendly knowledgeable staff and Doctors.  Maybe a bit pricy but not terribly so.  For the quality and concern  which is not often found at the vet offices located at the large retail pet stores.  I have been taking my pets to Stonecrest for over a dozen years because of the family atmosphere." CgsyxTZXPuxeIZKQIWmOKQ Greatest clinic I have found. The staff is great. They take wonderful care of my baby everytime. I highly recommend them." "I've brought multiple pets to Stonecrest over the last 17 years and I can honestly say I have never been disappointed in the care that my animals have received.  The doctor's are thorough and truly seem to care about my dogs and their well-being.  The staff is very friendly We have been taking our dogs to Stonecrest since we rescued them. The staff is extremely friendly and gentle with your pets. The Docs are great. They explain everything and ask more than what is needed for the visit. Very thorough and in-depth when it comes to your pets health. 20 years of great service completely lost with one bad Dr." The staff at stonecrest and dr Conway were genuinely concerned about the care of my bull terrier. She was very ill due to swallowing foreign material. It's been my experience that some vets just want to make the most money they can out of people's pets and do not provide the best treatment options but this was NOT the case with stonecrest. Everyone was very helpful on all levels and my dog is doing EXCELLENT only a day later. They went above and beyond and called to follow up on how my dog was doing. Thank you stonecrest!!  didnt push any long term expenses but did notify of paw plans which are a good deal.  Werent overly busy and had plenty of time to talk and explain" 