You should try them too." "i was a vet tech for 6 years so I'm pretty particular about people caring for my pets. The groomer (becky) listened to what I wanted and did exactly what we had discussed. My dog always seems quite happy and relaxed after a grooming there. (a really good sign). Also  which I think is very reasonable." I feel like this is similar to a ""special occasion"" retaurant: One where you would go all the time if the price was just a bit lower for regular customers...." "I use their services regularly. They in fact are the only place I will take my dog ""Gaffney"". The location is right off the main street.  She is always extremely well groomed when they are done.  They are worth the price." "I had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer. My dog  was not groomed to my specifications; infact she was butchered. I went to the trouble of taking a photo of my dog with  the haircut that I wanted My Kingston cooper is a havanese and is a goofy handful and they handled him well. I loved his hair cut. I changed from a different groomer to here. He's only been here once about a month ago but I loved it and we will definitely be coming back. Done in a timely manner and I love the cat that walks around and so does Kingston cooper he has 2 cats himself so he felt right at home. We will be back soon. And it's not far from my house so perfect location. Thanks guys for doing a wonderful job!!!  not to mention the perfect job they did on the cut and washing. Everyone who works here seems to treat the animals with the upmost care. Such a convenient location on Butler Street near Lawrencevillle. Can't wait to go back!! Thank you so much!!!"  the place appears newer and well kept. My dog has gotten consistently good haircuts here and she's always in a good mood when I pick her up. That's a keeper in my books! Oh "We recently adopted an overweight Keeshond named Drachma and were hesitant about bringing her to a groomer we didn't know.  Drachma also has social issues and does not take to other animals very well.  This place did a superb job with her!  She seemed to enjoy the company of other animals  told me it would be 50.00 then when I called to see if she was done they said60.00 went to pick her up it was now $70.00. That's the end of my business with them"  and I get that with the ladies at The Pet Stop- and they're pretty reasonable on price and timing." I posted a picture of my fat white cat so you can see what they were dealing with" Please do yourself and your animal a favor and never go to this poorly run establishment." tqqYl8e4nGrBLh6uHVHvpg  and well stocked. Each section nicely marked making it easy to find what you need and fast. If you can't find it there were several employees available to help out. Prices were reasonable ***** Bring cash to tip. Petco's card machine doesn't give an option to add gratuity or get cash back. So we walked to PNC because she was worth it." "I had my dog groomed there today by Jess and he came out silky smooth  and very clean and it was only 2 hours and the price was 42 bucks! Can't beat that   and make suggestions about how to groom her.  She went from being afraid of the groomer to loving it!  Highly recommend the grooming a services here." This is the best Petco with the best groomers. Misty is our groomer and my dog Cowboy absolutely loves her.  She does a fantastic job and anytime we mention to Cowboy that he is going to the groomer to see Misty he gets so excited and jumps in the car.  Cowboy knows her as Aunt Misty and I highly recommend her as a groomer.  Awesome!!!  We have now been going there for over four years  it's hard to believe your at a vet when you're in the waiting room becuase it's so nice."  SCAH sets the bar pretty high if I choose to check out another place." This place and their staff is absolutely amazing!  I've never seen people go over and beyond when we needed it most.  Thank you South Charlotte Animal Hospital!  You guys rock!!!  one of their technicians has been very judgmental of Rocky ever since we've been taking him there. I have always been very upfront of Rocky being very shy and not dog friendly  welcoming and spacious so you aren't on top of other animals the whole time you're there.  Dr. Herman solves the problems instead of giving too many meds and requesting more checkups.  Finally a vet in Charlotte that is reasonable yu71VZHwtW0PUH3C8GPccw This is as good as it gets!  Dr. Herman has a deep compassion and interest in the client's pets.  He definitely cares about the animals he sees and has an excellent bedside manner.  He is up to date on today's medicine and procedures.  Wonderful practice that I would recommend to anyone! I took my foster there and the staff was amazing and Dr Herman was very nice. I'll definitely be bringing my own dog here  but we didn't really feel welcomed to the new vet. I think this place is probably great for small dogs and cats but we felt out of place. I will probably give it one more chance "I do not recommend South Charlotte Animal Hospital. I came in for my first visit and was very disappointed. The nurse was very short with me. Do not remember her name "I recently took my pets to see Dr. Herman at South Charlotte Animal Hospital for their yearly checkup.  I have to say that I am very pleased with the experience I had.  The staff was very welcoming and friendly. One of my pets is quite anxious  also their prior manager Sandy was fantastic and she is no longer with them. With all these changes the higher price for services here and it being out of the way of my house just isn't worth it."  we hadn't given them our names yet and there were atleast four other people coming in to pick up or drop off. Very professional and it is clear everyone who works there loves their job."  which is right and the extras are not too much more.  They only take cash or checks "Our two goldens had a fabulous vacation at Aunt B's! The place is immaculately clean. The care and attention that they gave to our girls was outstanding. They came home with report cards on how they enjoyed their stay. With some terrible experiences at other local kennels Overall if you have a lower activity dog I think this would be the right place for you." Wonderful place! Loved the little added touch of a personalized note from each caretaker on what our doodle did during his stay. Five resounding stars for Aunt B's." kind and courteous.  They responded promptly when I checked on my dog and all the care givers had written notes on each day they took care of our dog.  My dog came back extremely clean and soft and all tuckered out." I don't know about the facility but I cannot get them to answer their phone or return a message. I've been on the road for vacation headed to that area and trying to setup some boarding for my dogs for a few days and these people are impossible to get ahold of! Super thankful for such wonderful people. :)" I couldn't be happier with the treatment my cats get here.  I'd recommend both Vets I saw to anyone I wouldn't bring my two Dachshunds  anywhere else! We absolutely love Dr. Gregg!  We've had as many as 11 animals and the care he provides them is top notch.  Last year one of our dogs (who was blind) was diagnosed with a terminal illness and passed away in October.  Dr. Gregg and his staff were wonderful to us & most improtantly to him.  We also have a cat with a heart murmur.  Dr. Gregg was the first vet to spot it and was able to give us several options on how to treat it depending on our budget & time.  The reason we like going to Dr. Gregg is that we are always given explanations and descriptions of the medical problem and then given several options on how to treat it and the differences for each treatment.  On top of that he is a great person who keeps us laughing!  I've recommended the Animal Hospital of Sun Prairie to several co-workers and friends who were looking for a vet.  and Dr Beth was kind enough to send us a condolence card with a poem in it for our loss. Also they dont push things on you that arent necessary and their fees are extremely reasonable and the vets take the time to explain what is needed and what isnt.  All in All I cant say enough good things about The Animal Hospital of Sun Prairie because they truly love what they do and do have compassion for the pets and their owners you arent just a number here. Even after a procedure at the hospital the vet themselves or the staff call within a few days to check up on your pet to see how they are doing. I wont go anywhere else and even had a relative switch from their vet to this vet." Overpriced but they do have a good selection of pet food. Use your head if you go to this store and only buy what you can't find elsewhere. We spotted a litter scoop at Target for 1/4 the price they were selling it here. They did match the price.  ""hey I think your fish gave our tank ick"" the employee responded with ""probably we found ick in one of our tanks and there's one fileter for all our tanks"" I could not believe it. Why would you knowingly sell someone sick fish? They wouldn't even refund our money for the fish we had bought. If you ask me they should have payed for the rest of the fish they killed and the two bottles of medicine too! We will never go back."  I wouldn't go anywhere else. The staff is so nice and knowledgeable They have a great selection and the staff is usually pretty knowledgeable.  We have a lot of different animals and it is nice to have a one stop shop!  the store itself is decent with an excellent selection of food and toys." "I wouldn't even put a star. We bought fish from them and asked their ""fish specialist"" if the fish we selected will get along. Of course she said yes. We have had our fish now for 3 weeks and one is obviously get attacked by another fish! Well petsmart thanks for that! Tetras are aggressive fish and attack others. Maybe they should teach their employees what they r talking about! No way am i going back to them! So uneducated and to top it off the woman that helped us made it seem like we bothering her!  Get it together petsmart! Ur losing customers!" Not sure If you will be seeing much more of me and my Bully anytime soon coming back in here."  where as the guy at PetSmart told me to just leave it be because all water has to go through its cycle and if I do that large of a water change I would just be screwing myself over and making it take longer. He told me to bring my water in to get tested and we could go from there. I brought my water in and it was fine. He told me about some different fish and which ones would be good to start the tank because they are sturdier and more likely to make it through the cycle. He also sold me a little plant that feeds off of the bad bacteria in the tank. This was about three weeks ago. My fish are still doing fine  but why the hell would I adopt a cat without even haven seen it walk around or be able touch it at all. If this is really how your policy works then It's a really stupid model. If they had just let us take her out for a minute to make sure she was healthy and a nice fit for us  and he said ""of course."" Did he apply it to my bill? Of course not. I didn't notice it until I got home. I just paid the bill This kind of immediate and friendly follow-up redeemed them and gained them another star."  whoever I speak with is so courteous and the medication is ready when they say it will be.  I also used the 50% off coupon and luckily had no problem." All of my dogs have recently passed away after living long and healthy lives thanks Flash-forward five years later and my furry bestest girl is still by my side. The exceedingly competent Any one who lives in Central Phoenix who needs great care for their pet should trust their animals to this clinic I love that they called 2 days after seeing my pet to check up on her! I took advantage of the Yelp certificate which was a great deal." jUQpIF_bhhF_XQqScrt5yg  knowledgable and most professional.  Dr. Schroeder is AMAZING!  The BEST vet in Phoenix- HIGHLY recommended."  but East Maryland Animal Hospital got me in ASAP and was very attentive to my little one. They are a little on the expensive side- but it beat the Emergency Vet fees" Mostly staff is great (Candida is the best).  Prices are DEPLORABLE.  Compare prices between EMAH and other Vets before making the decision to make this place your primary vet.  I Guarantee you that they will try to nickle and dime you for EVERYTHING if you let them.  Not ethical in my books.  but they treat me and all of my animals very well."  they were awesome for one of my good friends throughout her cat's life... maybe they're just better cat vets?" This is the dog's doctor and we're also taking puppy training classes here every Wednesday. The trainer is great and Pip seems pretty happy there.  compassionate doctors who really care about your pet. We had to send our 14 year old Lab ""Over the Rainbow Bridge"" on March 21st. It was sudden and Dr. Martens took care of my babygirl. And she and the office manager Joyce made the experience a bit easier for us when we had to say goodbye.  Everyone from the front office to the vet techs to the doctors at EMAH are the best as far as I am concerned. I trust them 110% with all of my furry kids." "Dr Schroeder was great & very thorough w/ our new puppy. I had a lot of questions & she answered every one of them. She also followed up w/ an e-mail response after looking further into one of my questions. I also like that she gave our puppy lots of love & attention. The vet tech & staff were all very welcoming & friendly Great people. They really understand pets and work with you and your pet. They won't try to upwell you at all. I would recommend this vet to anyone. Too bad I do not live in AZ anymore. I highly recommend them!"  a dog that is excited for her appointments is worth it!" jUQpIF_bhhF_XQqScrt5yg  and they called to confirm my requested time as well as the day before to make sure I was still able to make it. The check in process was very easy and efficient. They noticed how nervous my pup was and let us use a private waiting room while the vet tech prepared for his exam. Vet was friendly and seemed to genuinely care about Civ. Will definitely go back."  etc. and the staff at East Maryland Animal Hospital are truly great.  From making the appointment to the final services  customer focused and have a true interest in making sure our pet is well taken of. Friendly staff. Short wait times to be seen and checked out. Very competent techs and vets"   comforting and accommodating throughout everything.  We even received a card that had hand written condolences after.  Good experience through a very hard time."  but stay on point and specific to any issues or concerns. We receive excellent care in the veterinary service "the front staff is very nice and accommodating. very small if any waiting time. Doctors are great and they don't try to sell you all sorts of stuff for your pets and they give you lots of free website and pamphlet advice. """ I would continue to go to East Maryland Animal Hospital even if I lived 100  miles away I wanted to say the staff and Dr. Martins are the top of their field!  I would trust them any day with my four legged babies!!!  Gismo and Lady love them all! they were recommended to me by cat fancy site as well as pet resort i left my cats at while i was going thru my move- they have been accurate and caring. Dr Martens is at the same time straight forward and caring. On the whole highly pleased with care and diagnosis for my elderly kitties - nice clean rooms and good care. like the front desk staff and most of the Vet techs i have experienced"  we did not sign up for any of the plans and never returned. We sought all future care at another Veterinarian in the area who is extremely professional and caring - albeit slightly more expensive." Helpful staff who is always willing to give the extra time to address my questions & concerns. The office is also close to my home (good area) & have never had a negative experience when bringing Pistachio in for care.  and pleasant about it!! She even obtained keys to get into old files (from 6 years ago) and found what I needed!! I thought it was a lost cause! She saved the day for me  Bowser never seems skittish about going in.  He actually seems pretty happy.  Although he can't speak human "BEWARE! This hack outfit is interested in nothing but YOUR MONEY. Had an appointment at 11 a.m. today for heartworm testing and prescription refills for my two Husky's yearly heartworm medicine. 30 minutes before the appointment (just now) they call and tell me ""there is a problem"" and I will need to spend an ADDITIONAL $150 for a ""wellness exam"" before they can do the heartworm test. PATHETIC! There is no ""exam""  and his regular vet at Banfield would not get him in for four more days. I called East Maryland Animal Hospital and they got him in right away and treated us like we've been going there for years. I will no longer take him to Banfield and canceled my wellness plan there.  Dr. Schroeder will be his vet from here on out. She's amazing." """I have taken my pets to East Maryland animal Hospital for probably 25 years or so. The doctors have all been wonderful- and the staff is certainly a caring They show genuine enthusiasm for their work and love of animals. I have been using their services for my two dogs since moving into the neighborhood about six years ago and couldn't imagine going anywhere else. They doctors and staff are always very friendly and make my dogs and I feel at ease. They also have a great staff that handles the boarding area. Just make sure to double check drop off times...especially on holidays. We have always had good experiences at East Maryland. We have faith in the doctors and the staff.  she explained the diagnosis and came up with a plan to get my cat back to health.  3 hours after the visit Long time client as I have taken 3 dogs to these vets.  Dr Martens and Dr Schroeder are very friendly and knowledgeable.  They provide you the facts so you can make intelligent decisions in the treatment of your pets.  My dog doesn't feel nervous so that is another reason to take her there.  I am impressed with the followup phone calls to check and see how my dog is doing after any medication is prescribed or treatment/surgery performed.  I highly recommend them.  and such a great experience! Dr. Clemens and her staff were extremely friendly and patient! Zeke is a rescue Nice people but very slow and behind schedule. It is fine if you have at least 30 minutes to pick up your pet from being boarded or wait 45 minutes after your scheduled appointment. They will tell you 5 minutes but take 20 minutes.  I'll find a vet who values my time. Amazing staff! Felt right at home. I would highly recommend coming here for all your canine needs! Me and my companion felt welcomed and valued right when we walked thru the door. Thanks for taking such good care of my baby! See you all again soon! Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Great care given by knowledgeable and concerned physicians. Clean environment. "Very friendly and informative staff that really do care about the well being of your pet and not as much about the amount of money coming out of your pocket. The doctor recommended watching the sores rather than trying to pressure us into getting an expensive skin sample right away. I really respect that because she had an idea of what it might be and said "My dog and I were very pleased with the care he received at East Maryland Animal Hospital.  Can't say enough about Dr. Clemons "I'm so happy with this veterinary practice. They take great care of my cats in both emergent and non-emergent situations. We have seen Dr Schroeder & Dr Martens Dr. Martens is just wonderful and I'm so happy to find a Vet who has experience with small dogs - and has her own! Staff was friendly and responsive and I was just so happy to find a place I can have confidence in going forward - and for a long time! Thank you all!  not like the past experience I've wasted money on costly products.  The staff is very professional and friendly & environment is clean. I'm truly happy with the  business."  and I feel they have been with me through some pretty rough times.  I never worry that we will receive the highest standard of care and compassion.  Thank you to all."  every single person was sweet! best experience I've ever had hands down. I can't say enough good things about East Maryland Animal Hospital. The customer service and care were exceptional. I really appreciated the post op call from Dr Clemons the following day.  Even compared to my experiences at medical offices  and compassionate when she could have been judgmental. Our dog has been suffering for months because we thought it was too expensive to treat him. We are all relieved Dr Martens found a solution that fits our budget." "Thank you !!!    You have been amazing ... My dog is getting better everyday !   The sugar wraps and medication saved him his tail "I was new to the Phoenix area and my first priority was to find a vet for my almost 9 year old cat Lavender who was in liver failure. My friend recommended East Maryland and it was close to where I was staying so I went ahead and made an appointment before my move. From the moment I walked in door I had an amazing experience. They gave me a welcome bag with kitty treats and other goodies. Everyone is super friendly. They were able to help me find new medications for my kitty that my previous out of state vet hadn't tried. And referred me to their specialist who was able to do further testing for less than a 1/4 of the cost of my out of state vet wanted. We spent many days at East Maryland and I called even more in a panic- my cat is doing this should I bring her in or wait? Every time I was met with kindness and patience. Unfortunately Great care for our pup and super understanding when I'm a crazy dog mom. We switched from Banfield and haven't looked back.  as Dr. Schroeder is really great. We will never agree to an appointment with Dr. Clemens again."  at home. Why should I pay you to research potential problems online? This was not the Vet I have seen in the past. I want a refund!! You did NOTHING!!!! I am so angry with the incompetence of the visit I am spitting fire! Complete waste of time any money! Seriously I want my $60 back." They've got my business." I would not recommend taking any animal you have there as they really do not care  his tail was either broke or dislocated from either being picked up by it or being caught in a cage.  It is slowly getting better I have taken our Labradoodle to several places and this is the best.  She is also super excited when we go and is in a great mood when I pick her up.  Since I have started bringing my dog scheduling has taken longer but I am guessing it's because they have a lot of customers. I've always felt I could trust them to provide compassionate  then he'd be throwing up! My boyfriend took my dog to a different vet today and they said he had a slipped disc in his neck from playing too much with other dogs. Why wasn't Dr. Stupidcock able to diagnose something like that??? Oh and the total amount I spent yesterday at Palo Verde was: $513.00. If you love your pet and want an honest diagnosis receptionist was very rude and i would never take my pet here! We've used them for dog boarding when we go on vacations. Our dog always appears to be in good health upon arrival. We've used them for many years. I do not want to relive the experience emotionally so I'm keeping this short." w22zbaf5ERGr8jcrzPB1CQ ZGvCIF9zNGr4cctlj0vg9Q I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone. They were VERY impersonal and all they cared about was my money. I'm a person who goes off the vibe I feel when I first walk into a place. If I'm not comfortable there must be a reason. Sure enough  and the team at Palo Verde has done a great job of helping me to manage both sets of issues. Particularly the epileptic dog - Dr. Babcock once even met me at the office at midnight on a Saturday to give me a valium prescription and couldn't have been nicer about it. Another time he took my dog home with him over the weekend to troubleshoot the situation. He is older as other reviewers have mentioned "I so wish I would have read Yelp before taking my dog here. They are horrible !!!  I called when my dog landed wrong on her leg and was limping. When I called I was quoted 66.58 for the exam and 114.00 if xrays were needed. The tech was awful. It appeared as though she has no idea what she was  doing. The doctor examined her pulled extremely hard on her shoulder to get her to yelp. He said she needed xrays. The tech said it was going to be 215.00. I explained to her that I was quoted differently   the doctor decided that my dog should be sedated. They took her to the back and had the rock out in no time. The final bill was (in my opinion) very reasonable and I was very appreciative of their assistance. I will definitely consider them for my dog's future needs/emergencies." Just a great place! Quality veterinary care!  very impersonal! The doctor only cares about money and is rude! I would never ever recommend this place to anyone! If you don't like your job  our little one only had a minor ear infection.   I felt he just wanted to get the money. We had 2 of the horrible days fearing the worst. Avoid this place It's interesting that almost all negative comments on here talk about how they want your money."  & other staff for about 15 years. Through welcoming a new dog to saying goodbye to the old ones "I love them. Dr Babcock is blunt but he's honest. Been going there for years. One of my dogs that I rescued off the elist at the pound acted like her tooth hurt so I took her in be get checked. She needed a dental cleaning that's all but cuz of her probable age we did blood work. I was at the grocery store when he called me personally to tell me her monocytes were really high and that we should run a cocci titer (valley fever). It came back really high. She had no symptoms at all of VF. So we began a year of the ""valley fever cocktail"" terbinifine HbIiJgAcKu_XlHT8Rv1dxQ  but whenever we are there the staff is very friendly and the Dr. is very honest and gentle with my dog. Two paws up for this place!" All around great place." They staff is awesome!  I can get my dogs in the same day if I need to.  They also offer doggie daycare and boarding.  My dogs love going there!  They an acre of grassy area for the dogs to run around in as well as letting the dogs roam around the office during office hours. It's not enough to keep me from there - in fact I think we went there one time after that.  But They know our dog by name & when we see the staff in our neighborhood they always say hello." Doggie day care is AWESOME! Our blue pits need the extra playtime and are good and tired after a full day playing. Another positive - their grooming prices are very reasonable and the staff is super friendly." ps..I thought I might have lost my wedding ring there and they were so concerned when I called. Everybody there is so friendly!"  they are excellent. I recently had to put my cat down after 15 years together. I came home from work to find him unable to move and I called the vet at 4:45. I was so relieved when they told me to come right in with him. Dr. Robbins assisted us with seeing my old boy safely to the Rainbow Bridge. Her words of comfort and a hug afterward meant the world to me. And then a few days later  for over a year now.  They are always helpful and answer all of our questions.  They also have boarding and day care.  If there were ever I time I needed those services  Dr K. recommended that I bring my youngest rescue pup to daycare to help socialize her. She is very rambunctious and also untrusting of strangers. Yesterday was her first day and my fiance and I couldnt believe that our dog was so calm when we picked her up- she was plum tuckered out! She will now be going at least once a week. Thanks so much Deer Creek employees for always taking such good care of my babies! Dixie "I have taken my dog here for extended boarding twice.  Both times he was sick when I picked him up.  The latest illnesses include mange.  If you love your pet  I returned to dcah and they performed another surgery that fixed him up and allowed us to do payments after the $3k + I just spent in other surgeries. Not to mention they knew him by name :)  I have never used them as a daycare  just in case any of their owners happen to read this. It was clear that they didn't want to lose 4 clients versus one by making a decision to not notify the other owners. If my dog instigated an attack  probably because of how he is treated by the doctor and all the staff.  I have been going to Deer Creek Animal Hospital since a friend referred me around 2003 or so.  I am so glad I tried them out.  When I moved to AZ I had two other dogs and they too were very well taken care of there.  Even when it was time for them to go to Doggie Heaven the staff couldn't have been more loving and supportive.  Sam is treated like the Prince he thinks he is :)  I think they have very reasonable prices.  When they moved around the corner to their big beautiful building I was afraid maybe the prices would go up but I still think their prices are good.  The exam and shots (minue rabies) is under $100.  I pay a little more because I have Sam on preventative Heart Worm medicine.  He had heart worm when he was surrendered to the Humane Society.  To the people that have had a bad experience well I'm sorry to hear that.  I agree with the person that said that it could have happened any where.  I just referred a friend and was surprised by the $10 referral bonus that was on my account.  I would recommend Deer Creek to anyone who is looking for a great place to take their loved ones." "I am very happy at Deer Creek for the basic and as needed care of my dogs.  I do use low cost vaccinations from the many organizations around the valley So glad for everything her and her staff does for us. I have referred many of my friends to her and they like them as much as I do." "I have taken all 3 of my dogs and my cat here. I recently had to put my oldest dog down. So difficult to say goodbye after 17 years. The staff at the hospital were compassionate  but this experience made me want to right a review. Our cat got sick suddenly and the news wasn't good. We would have to put her down within hours of bringing her in. The staff was amazing. They sat with her and held her while we dropped our little one off at school and I drove home from work. They made her last momments loving. They hugged us all and we just received a condolence card in the mail.  As long as I'm in PHX  and you certainly won't think about when you dog is literally on their last legs and you don't know if putting them down is the right thing to do. I cannot thank Dr. Higgins and the Staff of Deer Creek Animal Hospital enough for the 12 years of service and care they provided my dog  Dr. Robbins called me to check on me and tell me how sorry she was. That really meant a lot." "The staff is very friendly and you can tell they are animal lovers.  I took my dog here for day care and came back to find her behind the desk with the staff and other dogs.  I had told them to watch for her sore leg.  They did and they noticed her starting to limp and getting overheated so they brought her in We are so glad that we found Deer Creek!" Thanks for taking such great care of our family members!" "We have been taking our (2) dogs there for over 4 years and couldn't be happier. When we pull into the parking lot Staff was very nice and my baby Pumpkin seemed to have enjoyed her stay. Next time I visit my family in Phoenix I will definitely use this facility again. "Excellent docs and groomers.  We have been taking our pets here for a long time.  Even when we had to put one down   and was well cared for all day! Can't wait to take him back for more play time next weekend!" Sketchy Doggie day care. I would advise to look somewhere else if you are looking for your dog to be watched and not involved in negative behavioral socialization. HbIiJgAcKu_XlHT8Rv1dxQ  so why does she need to come in outside of her normal check ups to be seen.  I told the young lady on the phone that this seems to me to be just a way to get another $50 out of me since this is an ongoing issue and it is not going to go away.  The first young lady told me she would check with her supervisor and came back and told me it was a state law that requires a vet to see the animal every year in order to renew prescriptions.  Ok...but I need the medicine now and I work out of town so I can't bring my dog in for an unscheduled appointment on the fly.  She went to get her supervisor...Olivia.  My understanding is that Olivia is the office manager.  Olivia single-handedly tainted the reputation of this organization with a 5-7 minute conversation.  She was flippant and rude.  Told me that it was a state law and I would be asking the vet to do malpractice.  I ask Olivia what the law was and she hemmed and hawed that it was a national law as well.  I have no doubt there is a law out there  Buddy James in for routine check up and grooming. This place is absolutely wonderful. They run on time and always take care of him like there own. I have had issues with groomers in the past which has buddy a little uneasy however they where able to complete his grooming with no problems.  His ears where very badly matted but they shaved him right up as I asked and he looks feels amazing. I would recommend them to anyone !" "Been taking my dog lewis here for past two years. Customer service has always been great. Even when its crazy busy and phones are ringing off the hook None of my four rescue dogs will ever be stepping into this facility again. I hope others in the Phoenix community take my advice as I would never want someone else to have the same experience I did." I do not recommend this place to get any sort of treatment.  But if your looking to pay $350 for just a recommendation to another vet then this is the place."  under veterinary services you will find a tab that reads ""surgery."" Here they state that they offer a full line of surgery service  including the surgery they recommended my dog receive. That doesn't sound like a general practice facility to me. Once again Elke has made a full recovery from her surgery a few months ago and she is back to her old habits.... Can you say dog friendly Starbucks pupachinos anyone? Thanks Dr. Higgins for taking such great care of her!  which I am normally fine with. I'm not ok with the dogs being boarded at DCAH running loose in the back halls. It is extremely loud and my dog is growling at the sound of the dogs the entire time. My dog is already terrified to be at the vet and when they take him to the back he is greeted by a bunch of unfamiliar dogs and this is a sure way to start a fight. This actually almost happened with my dog and it was really upsetting for me as well as my dog. I will give them credit in that they ask if your dog is good with other dogs before they take them back for care They are excellent for boarding and good for vet care. Dr. Higgins (and Robbins before she left) are incredibly kind and have palpable love and compassion for animals. I don't know if this is the best place for certain complicated illness but good for routine vet care. The place is rather chaotic at times and the level of expertise of the staff varies quite a bit. I will be looking for a new vet for my 3 dogs."  in the trauma of it all I can't remember her name). Unfortunately I had my 4 year old daughter with me because it was fall break. The girl 'kept her voice down' so that my daughter didn't hear about what we were talking about. Big thanks for that. I was also blaming myself for what happened to Red I wish there was a negative five stars for Deer Creek "So about a week after I wrote my original review I got a condolence card from this office in which a number of the employees had written a note by hand. I thought this was exceptional. No one sends cards anymore "I am blown away with the love and compassion we were shown by Dr. Rice and the vet techs. After going to several appointments and our 4 year old Boston Terrier being diagnosed with lymphoma and given only a few months to live "Dr. Grant is the BEST!  I have taken my cat ""Angel"" here several times and she is a maniac when they try to treat her.  She is definitely on the naughty list.  However Dr. Grant had/has the most calming energy from the moment he walked in the room.  She was so well behaved.  Even let him look in her mouth without complaint.  He has now become our new best friend.  Thank you Dr. Grant"  the front desk guy calls me back to take responsibility for not keeping my cats chart with her sample. Apparently the lab people at this clinic throw away the samples (bearing the first and last name of their client)  if the front desk boy fails to keep the chart with the sample...   That was the explanation from him...So much for their computers!!!  So my sample was thrown away.  He was apologetic and sorry for my inconvenience but where is the manager in all this?  Thanks for the call but I'm more concerned about the competency and accountability now.  Will there be any growth from this problematic process?? In the end I am so grateful we found them!"  I've been taking my dog to DCAH for over a year and I have to say we (my dog and I) just love it! We try to get him in for daycare every Friday. Since his 1st visit he's always been greeted by name and we've been treated wonderfully by their kind professional staff. He had 1 incident at day care where another dog bit him Love this kennel for my dogs! The price is good and I love that my dog is able to be outside all day with others running around and be able to socialize and play. I hate kennels that are indoors(Petsmart) so this is the only place I will take them for doggy day care or kenneling. Also love that they have an option to send you pictures or updates now as well "Our pups love it at deer creek animal hospital. They go weekly for boarding and the entire staff is so kind and amazing with them. Everyone knows ginger and chance when we walk in. They say ginger gives the best ""hugs"" which tells us she is comfortable at deer creek because she doesn't hug just anyone. We couldn't be happier to find such a friendly and amazing doggie daycare and boarding." Love this place! HUGE backyard play area for the dogs. Love the atmosphere for the dogs to wonder around in the office. Our dog Mochi Ortega isn't very social but loves the people here and the one-on-one attention. "I brought both of my blue nose Pits in due to skin problems. The doctor pushed pills. I changed the food from chicken to fish by suggestion of a former breeder and the skin problem went away. I then brought them back in again for a completely different skin problem between their toes and again pills were pushed. I was given a week of antibiotics a small when this didn't work they suggested a month of antibiotics. Here we are the antibiotics are finished and yet again my pit Bulls rash is still not gone aND I'm expected to pay again for an exam to find out why the Doctors orders didn't work. I can't seem to figure out why I am responsible for paying for this companies research and the detrimental effects that taking antibiotics for such a long Stent can have on their immune system in the future. This is by far the worst animal hospital I have been to and their lack of respect and communication is astounding. I will never return here again and I hope that anyone with a serious issue never brings their dog in. They are parrots. They use the same treatment for every issue for every breed. I'll also give the same review all of the previous 5 stars gave. The front desk staff is great. They saw me right away and took care of us and love the dogs. The Vet and the upper management are the issue. They are disrespectful "Deer Creek Animal Hospital is one of the best veterinary offices I have been too. I have been taking my babies there since before middle school and have received care  and would recommend to someone is looking for for these qualities Highly recommended for your puppy dog."  which gives me some peace of mind that my dogs won't come home with some strange sickness.  The staff here is so very friendly and they love our dogs and always give us a report of how they behaved and if there were any issues.  We are very lucky we found this place and we will be bringing our dogs here as long as they are around!"  but his kryptonite is other dogs; all his manners go out the window and he just barks and jumps and wants to play with his 4-legged friends.  I took him to Boulder Falls today to get him shaved down due to lots of shedding. This was the first time I had used a dog groomer.  I was pretty nervous that he was going to be out of control for the groomer and he would come back 1/2 shaved  but that's minor compared to great service and attention he receives and they've been very flexible when we need to drop off earlier than 8:30."  well fed and the staff even shared some stories about what they'd been up to." The humans are great to me. And my canine buddies and I have a blast. I can't wait until my owners go on their next trip! We have taken our dog Chip to Boulder Falls for 3 years now! We love this place. The staff is always super friendly and knows my dogs name from the second we walk in. It is almost embarrassing for me to see Chip get so excited when we pull into the parking lot (you would think he wasn't spoiled at home!). We trust Boulder Falls every time we go out of town -just for a night or 3 week vacation! It is also very handy to have your dog groomed while you are away with their in home pet groomer! Highly recommend to anyone who loves their pet! We recommend bringing your pet to Boulder Falls!"  LOVE this place and so do my dogs!  Great facility and super friendly staff.  I have been taking my dogs there for about 3.5 years and I highly recommend them!" We'll be back at Boulder Falls whenever we go away." "Great place for pets - my dog loves it. My only suggestion would be to extend their hours. For us working folks  I was very nervous.  I even called them during his stay to ask about him. I didn't get the standard ""he's fine"" response.  What I got was an in-depth conversation with the staff about details of my dogs behavior during his stay.  Only someone who was really paying attention to my dog and actually playing with him would have been able to tell me these details about how he plays and behaves due to some of his fun and quirky behaviors. When I drop any or all of the dogs off  eating and pooping.  An extra plus is that we can schedule an exit bath or a full-on grooming session (also extra fees for these) on check-out day so that Elli is sweet smelling when we get her home again." I have to only give it four starts though because I agree one one writer...not much of a selection of items!"  I'll still be back for pet basic needs Bottom line - go somewhere private. They will treat your dog a hundred times better and with more professional care."  it doesn't take long for another employee to open up another line to speed up the check-out experience AND they usually show up on their own Rude staff. Inhumane servants. Terrible experience for my dog." We were pleasantly surprised at the size of the discount our PetPerks card gave us. This made the cost very reasonable. With a service like this available Please also note the scissors and hand held tools groomers use are sharp and your pet being viewed through public windows is not wise.  Understand that grooming dogs in cubicles surrounding the grooming table and offerring privacy to your pet is MUCH easier on them. The reason other grooming shops do not want YOU or the general public visible to your pet being groomed is it usually upsets the pet. Close the windows  The store did pay for the vet visit and pain medication for my dog - it would have been ridiculous had they not - but how can they continue to use unsafe crates? And is their  policy to simply ignore dogs who are freaking out and may be hurting themselves in these unsafe crates?" "Horrible care. The staff knows the wire mesh crates hurt pet's paws on multiple occassions It's close and convient so we'll go back.  Since we don't use them for grooming or vet care  so we have to shop at PetSmart. I both love and hate PetSmart. I love it because it's easy to navigate and I can get in and out rather quickly. I love that I can also browse and take my time because there are so many different things to look at. I love looking at the birds "Horrible service!!! Don't ask for them to quote you a price before your grooming service. They will quote you low and then give you the ""but once you get here the groomer will let you know what it will be for sure"".... Once I arrived they originally quoted me $47 and the groomer said NO its going to be $83.... ? Never will I take my pets here again!!!!!!" Pretty bummed. My dog has been using petsmart for everything.  We use Banfield.  She's loved doggy daycare. She occasionally needs a professional bath and nails trimmed. I picked her up last night she was still wet! Luckily it's hot out. She has matts in her hair! Her nails are not trimmed. I asked she said she did them. Not at all. What a waste! I now need to find a new groomer in fear this happens again.  I think she was in a rush! Regardless I paid full price and not sure what I paid for! We love that this place is right around the corner. We only buy our dog's food here. Their prices are pretty standard. It is a very clean and organized store. There never seems to be many employees around to help or ask questions though. If you do find someone they usually aren't very knowledgeable.  which I'm a little less enthusiastic about. I can't speak to other locations Pet smart does great job with my  English bulldog I take him  there  5 days week if I go out town he stays there.  Thanks PetSmart  the customer service in there is horrible. Nobody working in there looks like they like there job  :( makes it difficult to want leave your animals with them. Anyway... My German Shepherd was supposed to have a bath My checkout attendent Danielle was rude & unhelpful. The engraving machine is cool though. We love this Banfield Hospital. Dr. Lemus is amazing and our fur babies adore her. We are so grateful for her caring demeanor and attention to detail. "Today I watched as a 6-7lb dog was treated horribly while being groomed. I told one of the employees that the man needed to be talked to immediately. The little dog was screaming in pain and terrified !!! The ""groomer"" was whacking the dog's legs so that he kept falling over. Why ? Because the dog was hurt and trying to get away ? It's not like the dog is happy to be there in the first place but to be abused is disgusting. Shame on you PetSmart !!! If you know who brought their dog in to be groomed at the Shea & Tatum location on July 1st  and matting his fur. It has yet to heal and it has been over a month now since his appointment. We are taking him to the vet and he may have to have surgery in order to correct this mistake." "The hotel is horrendous. I was there in September and never again! My dog got ticks while there and came home with a urinary track infection from not being taken out enough to go to the bathroom. Beware people I have English bulldog he goes doggie day 5 days week I like there they do great job I hate when people talk shit about business when you don't now whole story 2 sides story I own limo company in Vegas  75 CARS ONE BIGGEST I here so much  talk about my business everyweek end all cars out pick people great employees  and I own drywall company in Scottsdale 85 employees people talk a lot bs "My fish were dying and I didn't know why. I came in late and frantic and Max from the fish department knew everything. He saved my fish and saved me money. I am now a loyal customer and so thankful to pets mart for having such knowledgeable A letter to Petsmart pointing out their error and asking for reimbursement of the $75 was not responded to. Hence this *glowing* review of their knowledge of cat anatomy. This review can only be removed upon reimbursement of that $75." DEFINITELY NEVER COMING BACK!!!!!!!!"  I just witness a groomer having no patience with a dog she was grooming.  I stopped and stared after seeing her expression and how she was handing the large black poodle.  I asked for Manager but not in today .  Please drop in or have someone witness dog getting groomed.  Bad day or not "Very unhappy with the way we and our dog were treated today. We went in for what was supposed to be a quick nail grinding for front paws only for our well tempered short haired 10 pound dog.. They asked if we would like him to be shampooed and we replied 'not if there is a wait'. They assured us there would be no wait as they could get them right in. We emphasized that we did not want him in a cage for an hour. They said they understood . After 2 hours our dog was still not ready. After speaking to the manager and expressing how unhappy we were with the time it took for the dog's bath  and continued to let me believe she was healthy when she needed medical attention! They need to be much more thorough and attentive with the animals that we The downside is that the staff can be a bit disorganized."  they no longer take debit or credit cards as the bank fees have gotten too high for this small business. Cash or check only." "I have been taking my german shepherd rescue to Lorelle at the Critter Corral for years now.  Being a rescue she can be quite skittish when she is around strange people or other dogs but Lorelle is amazing with her and does everything she can to make her comfortable.  Additionally  and the lovely groomers who work their own tails off.  Very professional.  Tina groomed Max so cute that he knew it and was strutting his stuff when we got home!  Excellent shop!" dlqQuSgAjoP_S6bqFrRsvA  and she does an excellent job taking care of our dog. When are dog gets there  which will make it so much easier for me to keep up with the at home brushing. He even had a cute little bandana on when we went home; which I left on for the day because he looked so dang cute in it! The price was also beyond reasonable! Highly recommend the ladies of the Critter Corral to your fur babies I love this place and they were so great with my cat. I wanted her to be groomed like a lion and they did an awesome job. I will be a returning customer! "I am so happy to be able to take my big guy here to be groomed. He is 150 pounds of hot mess.(He is a Newfoundland) When I bring him in its because I haven't done what I should be doing on a daily basis like  brushing and he's all tangled up and he comes back looking amazing! Laurel is great with him and really makes sure to not stress him out and always goes above and beyond my expectations. I also like the fact that they don't throw him in a cage I've taken my pup Itchi here twice now and each time he's come home so happy! The gals are all very down to earth and friendly. Tina is my go-to she's pretty much the raddest lady ever and she actually listens to what I want unlike most groomers. Itchi always looks stinkin adorable an the prices are beyond fair. All around great business!!! "I have two Shih Tzu's and a Golden Retriever I take here and I have never been happier to get my dogs groomed! I've been to many places before and never trusted the staff and quality of service as much as I do here. Terri is fabulous with my dogs and I can always get an appointment within the timeframe I need. Their salon is very warm and the staff greet you promptly upon arriving. I like the quiet and friendly atmosphere as my dogs tend to be skiddish when I take them to public places and this is the only place I can tell they don't get shaken up by going to. They have adorable little cubbies right in the front where they do hair cuts where the little dogs can sit in comfortably so it's not metal cages your dogs are getting shoved into. Not to mention Terri's pricing Terri is so great with my Cocker Spaniel and he comes out looking so handsome and well shaved for the Arizona heat.  The detailed work is awesome!" Our dog Zoey loves it here. She always looks great after. Very easy to get an appointment.  but it was obvious I needed help. I saw the reviews on Critter Corral after doing an exhaustive search and rolled the dice. I'm so glad I did!! My hyper dog but easy groomer came back clean and happy. My high anxiety dog came back almost calm (that's a feat!)  when I picked him up he was NOT in a cage and he had a cute little handkerchief around his neck! They treated him like family "All the ladies here are super nice and took great care of my pugs "Best groomer around!  We have tried 4 and they are the Best!!!  Thank you Terry  but somehow they manage to calm him down. He comes home looking like a handsome little man! He smells great and is extra soft. They also give him a cute little bandana around his neck :) I really love that they can handle him without hurting him and they do such a good job. Keep up the great work Tina!" OH...BUT IM NOT DONE YET..... I took him to my work to show everyone the new ""do"" and when he rolled over..his undercarrage was wayyyy uneven.   Nobody can really see it so I'm like...whatever today sucked I'm not going to worry about it... and then everyone asks why his tail is so uneven...and then my friend is petting his fur around the neck and asks why he has a dreadlock.  For real guys??  You didn't even brush him out??   I use to tell everyone how great this place was. Sadly  we didn't want the traditional schnauzer face so I was worried about that too. When I picked her up she looked PERFECT!! They really did a great job listening to what we wanted and making it so! She was sent home with a cute pink bandana  and could hear her screaming... I evened asked the retail clerk if this guy ever worked with small dogs.... 30 minutes later... she came out completely chopped up! Nothing about her cut was even and she was completely shaking. Bows would not stay on because her cut was so choppy and you could tell that she was never blown out! The guy must have seen my face as he said he wouldn't charge me. .. but he did say it was ""her fault"" because she moved a bit!! I am so ticked off as the only thing the manager said to me was that I was the only one who's ever complained about him! ...SERIOUSLY?!?! NEVER TAKE YOUR DOG TO GET GROOMED AT PETCO (unless you like the scruffy mutt look)... I am so regretting this choice. The worst part about the whole thing... nobody there ever offered an apology... just a whole bunch of excuses. =(" i went in to get a new collar and a jolly ball. i kept wandering around trying to find the jollyball but couldn't and  NO ONE would help. so i bought the collar and left. so frustrating. you can't ever get customer service in this store Have been taking my dogs to the Petco near 59th and the Loop 101 but tried this one after moving to PHX...So far pretty disappointing. understaffed and told my dog would be ready to be picked up from groomer at 430 (3 hours after drop off).. well now the dog wont be ready until 530..i hope.. Lets see how it goes. considering other reviews I will be going to a new groomer most likely. CocqwthuLO8P1_m0Dr7PVg  I don't appreciate being outsourced to the Philippines to express concerns here in the United States.  Petco and Stephan would do well to remember the retail adage  but not anymore. I took them in one morning and the new staffer said she could not trim them as she was pregnant and there was no one else coming in to groom until 11 (not great staffing I hope she also understands how heartbreaking it is to buckle a crying kid into a carseat.       Bummer :("  but the staff was very unfriendly at this location. I won't be back to this store. Metro Center is much better!"  they seem like they don't want to work there. They also said I had to print off a coupon that I got from doing surveys for Petco. I have received over 6 of these before and never had a problem redeeming in store. After I said that I would just go elsewhere to get the supplies "I take my two puppies : shetland sheepdog and cairn terrier/poodle mix whenever we go away for a few days or need to get some shots. they are reliable  but man is Robert wonderful! My cat won't event let me brush her  friendly knowledgeable staff and Doctors.  Maybe a bit pricy but not terribly so.  For the quality and concern  which is not often found at the vet offices located at the large retail pet stores.  I have been taking my pets to Stonecrest for over a dozen years because of the family atmosphere." CgsyxTZXPuxeIZKQIWmOKQ Greatest clinic I have found. The staff is great. They take wonderful care of my baby everytime. I highly recommend them." "I've brought multiple pets to Stonecrest over the last 17 years and I can honestly say I have never been disappointed in the care that my animals have received.  The doctor's are thorough and truly seem to care about my dogs and their well-being.  The staff is very friendly We have been taking our dogs to Stonecrest since we rescued them. The staff is extremely friendly and gentle with your pets. The Docs are great. They explain everything and ask more than what is needed for the visit. Very thorough and in-depth when it comes to your pets health. 20 years of great service completely lost with one bad Dr." The staff at stonecrest and dr Conway were genuinely concerned about the care of my bull terrier. She was very ill due to swallowing foreign material. It's been my experience that some vets just want to make the most money they can out of people's pets and do not provide the best treatment options but this was NOT the case with stonecrest. Everyone was very helpful on all levels and my dog is doing EXCELLENT only a day later. They went above and beyond and called to follow up on how my dog was doing. Thank you stonecrest!!  didnt push any long term expenses but did notify of paw plans which are a good deal.  Werent overly busy and had plenty of time to talk and explain" 