It makes me feel good to be supporting a local establishment.  Try it - you might find that you like it too." "Not really an update so much as a plea to the Yelp community. If you are needing pet supplies and live in the Point Breeze Shadyside Squirrel Hill East Liberty area  and that hard to find treat is the dehydrated chicken treats he loves. What I love is that but everything they have is a quality product. None of that good  including a variety of venison foods for allergy-prone terriers. They also offer a variety of anti-stress remedies for pets. I don't want to spend three hours shopping aisle after aisle for dog food. That's why I come to smiley's. Plus Way better than hitting up Petsmart though  but I decided not to be so judgmental. It was really dirty inside and the animals in cages looked upset not taken care of. This place is the sort of place that might haunt you at night. If you are overly sensitive about animals (like me) then this is probably not the best place for you to check out."  they say they've worked with the same breeders for two decades and they do not support puppy mills. You can find a lot of the designer breeds here. They also guarantee a year of health. I'm not sure what the fine print of that is  staff was unhelpful and unknowledgeable about their inventory and animals in general. The woman in charge was downright rude. Not only will I not be buying a dog from them "Staff is helpful and extremely knowledgable. I usually purchase fish from their facility. When my fish were dying This so called pet store is by far the worst one I have seen in Charlotte. Please do not buy fish from this store they will rip you off. I bought a black tip shark and two days later it died I took it to the store with a sample of my water and they misread the indicators by waiting more than 10 minutes. They tried telling me that my water was unsafe for any new fish and that they will give me a discount on products I didn't need. I went ahead and purchase an eel from a different store and he has been doing perfectly fine the past 2 weeks. They are way overpriced with their stuff and the female red headed manager is extremely rude. If you want to take your chances and waste your money on sick animals this is the perfect store for it. My son got his snake here a few years ago and a cute new puppy this year. The employees are so much more knowledgeable than the corporate pet store employees and they really care that their animals get a good home. The puppies are all from certified breeders and never from a puppy mill and you can tell their quality when you see them." "The only real pet shop in Charlotte. In the ghetto but who cares. They have fish about 100+ tanks of them. They have birds dogs cats rabbits mice rat hamsters ferrets snakes and great service. In the age of pet shops only selling pet supplies with the small amount of pets in the front  and it's all because of the people that run it. My dad had a 120 gallon marine invertebrate reef aquarium (very complex to manage all the chemical levels and make sure the critters don't each each other) and he came in here regularly to do tests  a hermit crab. The staff was extremely helpful and answered my questions about strange creatures for 20 or 30 minutes. I knew absolutely nothing about little reptiles and the like but they answered every question I had and pointed me towards an animal that was both in my price range and in the upkeep range for a child. Huge selection and tons of weird looking critters to stare at. Highly recommended if you have tons of questions."  it's pretty easy to miss initially because the store looks like it's located in an abandoned white warehouse I order my exotic pet supplies over the internet or drive up to the Chicago Reptile House in Orland Park." They have a 1 week guarantee on their fish (but not invertebrates) and have sales from time to time on their website. When they have these sales "This is a great store.  The employees are very helpful and knowledgeable.   They have a great selection of fish and supplies  2011. And now! VOWLA! Baby rats appear out out of no where!!!!! Called and complained about the situation. Also they could do was paying me the money if I decide to sale those babies... They couldn't even offer anything else! Like a proper apology! As a new rat owner "This is where I got my pet rat Best pet store ive been too. They have high quality animals and best prices. They are extremely knowledgeable.  friendly staff who will walk you through every step of the process of choosing and purchasing your pet.  A+ for this place." I love this place! They take good care of all their critters. My fish from here have lasted longer than the ones from Petsmart/Petco and the customer service is always great. They do have nice fish."  to get my water tested they were really helpful to suggest what extra care needs to be taken and even helped configure my filter manually with the new setup. Very knowledgeable staff and they have a great selection of fish and other animals."  you should care too if your going to make that kind of investment. If a customer doesn't seem to care....then they won't sell it to you. Bravo to them cause it keeps out the impulse animal buyers who will get bored and not want to take care of their animal. This pet store is the perfect example of how a small biz should be. Support your local small business and you'll be supporting your community. I've had my birds from Sailfin for almost 20 years now and they are heathy champs! I owe it all to intelligent staff there! Thanks Sailfin  which is not a best practice for handling rats. It's really uncomfortable for them  a terrible experience. I left a review on Facebook a month or so ago about John being extremely rude to my fiance. I said if I could help it we would not spend money there anymore. Unfortunately we had a gift certificate. My fiance went in again today to get help with a filter and now she insists on never spending money there again. We are gearing towards getting a bigger saltwater thanks which could lead to thousands of dollars spent at Sailfin. I will happily spend that money elsewhere. Even if it means traveling to another town. I have always supported local businesses but never again will we spend a cent at Sailfin."  kinda 'old school' pet shop vibe going on which I love. The sound of all the aquariums hummin when I walk in  they have not won my sole patronage and often will look to other stores if more convenient or cheaper. I would pay the higher prices if I was consistently happy when I left which is simply due to customer service. I will be back soon and I hope that things will change in the future so I can rate them higher." Very pleased with Sailfin.  We went in to start up a freshwater tank and John was extremely helpful and even dry set up our tank before we left!  He took the time to explain the entire set up and what we needed to do before we bought fish.  We will definitely be purchasing our fish and supplies here.  You can't beat the service here and the prices were fair.  the owner so helpful!!"  have consistently gone above and beyond my expectations in all my dealings with them.  How refreshing to find honest store owners who care about their customers." Very nice. Clean and so friendly. Nice to see another fish shop that cares about how the tanks look. Have been going to this store since 2005. I love it! The tanks are always spotless and the fish look healthy. Their prices are very reasonable and their Catalina water is the least expensive I have found. Everytime we go in we find something cool for our tank :) "I have been to most of the local fish stores and this is one of my favorites. Its owned by a great couple who do  a fantastic job of keeping a nice clean storefront.  The Livestock is always healthy and they have lots of dry goods as well. On 2 occasions they were out of stock on something and they ordered it for me and it was there in about 2 days.  If you want REALLY good friendly service this is the place to shop  clean and friendly aquarium shop and I found it :) The owner is so nice and passionate about customer service and her fish which is awesome! She was very helpful about some of the problems I have been having with my betta friends and offered several solutions. In addition  two stores that put as much effort into their fresh water animals as they do their marine." Great service and prices. This is where I buy my water because its the cheapest in phoenix (even the Catalina). Fish are also healthy Super friendly staff and incredibly helpful. Every tank is labeled and you cannot miss the price or type of fish. Got everything I needed for my new buddy Nuke LaLoosh just on my lunchbreak. "I've shopped here before. Overpriced livestock & fish supplies. Customer service was not that great. Petco has better pricing on supplies and good selection of reasonably priced freshwater  are very helpful and knowlwdable. I believe it's family owned and operated. What sets this part from other fish stores is the cleanliness and the customer experience. From the moment you walk in you feel invited  you can get a discount by visiting the website first and printing a coupon. I can't say it any stronger than I will be buying all my fish from Fins & Friends from now on." Nice owners got an emerald crab here and he's still doing good nice selection of fish too "She's like a 60s pretty mom who will help you find anything you need. She was soo patient and nice with my ""big purchases"" of goldfish (3) Two stars for having my product. Rude lady wouldn't go back in ever. She's very condescending sounding. Tanks are WAY overpriced. Thanks fins and friends for taking such good care of your customers. You rock find and friends!"  The young 50's lady was downloading Destiny (video game) at work. Seriously..... HOW COOL IS THAT!" They had a large assortment of fish and reptiles here it was much larger than I thought it would be on the inside. It's Local owned small and they have every type of food you would need for any pet including rodents. Dog leashes and accessories as well. They had a small case of dog pastries that looked good enough for me to eat!! Donuts and cookie looking type treats for your dog that were healthy and fresh. They had a few kittens and puppies but they were from friends of the owner no puppy mill type of ish here. I will go here instead of PetSmart for food any day!!"  it gets somewhat easier to tell you to go to another store.  It is worth it to drive to another pet store that does not support taking animals from the wild  but the best part about this store is the reptile area." Had to pick up a live mouse for my cousin's snake... very nice people who work there! Personable too. They had a couple of the big snakes out for people to see when we walked in too. Awesome place to buy snakes and fish supplies. I like that they are locally owned. Good for the local economy. Not that I have anything against a place like petsmart but this place is friendly good prices and most important to me locally owned.  I recommend Exotic Predators & Prey and Tropical Treasures which are both located on Bell Road. Tropical Treasures also has fish Great place for pet supplies. This is the only place I will go to get hay now. They have the most consistent quality year around. They are also locally owned so I live to support that. Staff is very helpful. My inky complaint is they don't have a big selection of grooming supplies and what they do is a little pricier than some other tack stores  have never had a bad bale from here. They also carry my horses supplement that I've never been able to find at any other place. If you pay with cash they give you a discount They do give discounts for paying in cash (I think 2%) and if you buy a pallet of pellets at a time you get a discount as well." had a horrible experience with the owner of c & h. tried for more than 6 months to get something resolved and then when we finally got it resolved he really screwed us around and did not stick up to his word. stay away! "We go here to get feed supplements for our Arabian horse.  Staff is very nice and helpful.  Actually have bought some cute gifts here as well.  Once bought a 40 pound bag of feed and it was the wrong item  but I was in there right before closing and the guy working offered to throw them in his truck and drive them down the street to my house 63izc-T8hy808a-Ga2Uxdw I have been going here for a long time now.  The place is clean and well maintained.  Very friendly staff. Always have what I need. The products I buy are always fresh and not stale like the stuff I have gotten at big chains retailers. I own many birds and I get things in bulk here. The dates on the packaging are always current. Good job guys!  and we're glad we did.  The customer service (Shawn) is outstanding.  The place is clean and price is very Great place for chicken feed and all sorts of supplies for your ranch pets.  I came here because they are the only ones that have a treadle feeder for chickens (see my picture).  This thing prevents the squatter birds that constantly feed off our chicken feed that quickly adds up.  The chickens have to step on the front to open the feed area and they are the only birds that can get in their cage and weigh enough to open the feeder.  I have been looking for one of these for over  a year.  You can make one with the instructions on line but I cant make anything so these guys really helped me out.  the lady on the phone (wish I had her name) was so patient and I truly appreciated that.  Their driver Chris was amazing and so kind!  I would recommend Western Ranchman to anyone!  Thank you for delivering excellent customer service!" "One if my favorite tack stores for all of my horse supplies. Love the local family owned atmosphere. I have been going here for over 16 years and always have the same great experience. They now have a yearly customer appreciation day which is not to be missed. They hand out generous samples One of my favorite tack and feed stores. The staff here is so friendly and helpful! They always go above and beyond :)) thanks WR  and they are absolutely wonderful people!  Dottie and Amy are always so helpful and remember their repeat customers.  I have two horses and they have helped me over the years with problems here and there "My parents were here from MN and I was looking for something to kill some time. Dad raised and showed Quarter horses years ago and enjoys ""the farm"" life. We were greeted kindly as if we were old friends. The owners kindness reminded me of the way ""it use to be"" in rural Minnesota as a kid.  They even gave my dad an Arizona Feeds ball cap on his way out as a gift! You don't find many places like this anymore. Thank you for your hospitality." "Staff here is always friendly and greets you when you stroll past the register.  I go here in a pinch when I need to get horse product.  The staff are horse owners  and they have been very helpful from feed to equipment to picking out new chicks. Today I called them for a vet reference as I had a very sick bird. They gave me a number of a vet 7YGV3PkjYJdFHn21-CX5Tw This place is amazing! They are super friendly and you can tell that the people who work here are animal lovers. They have everything you could possibly ask for. They offer a rewards program for your animal food. I just found them a couple of weeks ago and I'll continue to go from here on out for organic chicken feed and environmentally conscious dog food:) 