They carry all the usual aquarium doohickeys as well as some decently-priced huge tank+stand combos. The fishroom in the back is about half cichlids  fish compatibility and take very good care of their fish.  they have exotic fish and good selection of pond fish and plants too."  and picked up some background info on Bettas from the staff. It's a lot more fun than cruising around Petco-- at Tropical Fish Inc. you'll have a much more unique "This is a great place for the true enthusiast to get their tropical fish and pond needs taken care of.  Nothing quite like this local gem.  Hdden away Overall the prices seemed fair and the staff was helpful I will keep this short and sweet. small store but who cares.  the place is awesome and for us freshwater fans.. Thats all they do.  been going to this place for years and I live in way east mesa.  only freshwater with an emphasis on cichlids.  Prices here are typically better than your big box stores and the customer service is personable (ask for Toni).  They have a great selection of african cichlids with a decent selection of south american/central american cichlids as well.  Go out and support local PHX businesses like this one! Its a gem tucked away off of 37th and is easy to miss.  GPS it!" Fish are always healthy and look good. I used to occasionally get fish from the pet store chains that would contaminate my tanks with sickness and disease. Never happened from Phoenix Tropical Fish! They also seem to help other critters of all shapes and sizes so I'm glad to know my shopping there helps support that cause. Friendly staff knows everything needed and the fish foods are high quality and fresh. Prices are good too. A+++++ "my partner bought an angel fish from here when i was at work  big mistake soon as i got home i immediately noticed an ick spot on its tail well he was told that the spot was part of the angels gold speckled coloring and that the fish had been ""very well taken care of""well my friend loved the fishes beautiful golden color and took it home well 2 days later the fishes tail was covered with ick.I have been a tropical fish enthusiast since my early teens and have been an on and off customer of phoenix fish since the 80s i know my fish.so right to pets mart to pick up medication after putting the meds in the  very well established tank i called phoenix fish and told her the story..here was her response ahh....well..umm ahh...im not making this up she admitted that 2 weeks prior that ""her angels"" had ick but they were ok now .Yeah right that fish and 4 more of my angels died and i made a major effort for that not to happen i have multiple aquariums and take my hobby to heart.i should have known to stay away from this place. its just another local establishment that back in the day was a fun place to do business with after the growth the valley like all businesses have gone over to the dark side and customer service is right out the window." A cool store to walk around and look but prices will keep people from buying more stock. Sorry to sound so negative but when I can buy wild caught Cynotilapia sp gallireya reef (google it  oddly located behind some old apartments or something.  Too dirty and unorganized for my taste; bathroom REALLY filthy.  Large variety of freshwater fish however "One of the best aquatic stores in the valley hands down. This place is so unique and I love the fact that its locally owned! It's hidden away in a neighborhood so it's a little tricky to find.  The people who work here know what they are talking about and take the time to listen to you and any questions you have. They are beyond helpful Stay away for big box and support your small locals!"  I'm usually able to find what I'm looking for in terms of food Best part of a locally owned business is the owner is a wealth of knowledge." KZv3d_-bt9QC5mv5MEYTbg "One time I need to buy a present to my wonderful nephew she was just a 6 year old cute little girl that want to have her new pet. I'm thankful I got what I need here a lovely fish. The place was not good like from the other shop Toni + variety + the way the store is kept deserves my five stars." Never had a bad experience.  The lady who I assume is the owner always helps me out with my questions no matter how dumb they are. They mainly deal with freshwater fish. Aside from its ghetto location I have gone there at least every weekend  I was incredibly impressed with the quantity and variety of tropical fish.  The pricing was very reasonable.  What made this a ""5-star"" experience was the service I got.  They had great advice about how to get started This is becoming my go-to fish store. The owner Toni is amazing. She makes a point to acknowledge and help every customer that walks in even though she's usually the only person I see in there. Any question you have she'll answer. If you need a pump she'll find one for you. There's a decent selection of freshwater fishes and plants. Great service and knowledge of fish. I got a paradise gourmi there 3 years ago and she is still alive and happy! They have a great selection of fish that you can't find anywhere else and they take really good care of all of their fish. They also have great plants and other fresh water friends.  would not go back. There's definitely a lot of other places that I would rather go to that have greater selection and prices." Terrable customer service issues! The manager Toni blatantly insults potential customers when trying to get simple things done. I recommend going anywhere else for you pet/fish needs. Rating would be five stars if the prices were listed on all of the tanks. You're at the mercy of whoever is running the store at that particular time  primarily fancy goldfish. The lady who I talked to a couple of times did not have any phone etiquette or manners at all. Point made  given they are exactly the same substrate. Knowing that I probably was in a rush she went to the other building to look up the price and came back telling me the black was $34.99. She price gouged me because I needed it today and didn't want to drive to another shop. I will never return or support this store again. Great work  this is the store to head to. Toni is always pleasure to consult with.  She is very passionate about the hobby.  This store has unique options that cycle from time to time" This place is hands down best fish shop I have been to since starting my fish hobby. The variety of fish is crazy. Especially cichlids which are my favorite. What I liked is they have them in small size to large size prices are respectful. Staff is helpful.  all very healthy. The attendants every time have always asked me if I need help with anything and can usually answer the questions we ask. I hope this place continues to grow as a business." AvxRiLcQ59UH0_64_lr_nQ We agreed with the previous writer. We just setup a new saltwater tank and looking for corals and fishes. We have visited most reef store and found out that aquatouch is among the highest quality. The store has a wide selection of corals and fishes. The staffs are very knowledgeable and helpful. We also like their business attitude who shows sufficient care to the widelife. Highly recommend this store. As a biologist I was happy with the fact that they have a conscientious approach to harvesting both fish and live rock.  The staff are patient and friendly and seem committed to making every encounter a positive educational one." "Aqua Touch is one of the few retailers that I frequent to stock and replenish my salt water system. I go here because the store is always impeccable  buy fish online even if you have to pay shipping it is still cheaper then buying from Aquatouch.  A Yellow tang cost $50 for a small size.  Aquatouch doesn't do price match.  The way they make you buy stuff is their sweet talk This store will remain tops on my list. If you are going to make that huge investment in a large tank 3MSa_fdxgsaY9yF9vqmeUg This shop seems to have changed hands. I have been going here for years and recently lost many fish because the fish I purchased here had ich. I went back to the shop only to discover their fish had visible signs of ich but were still being sold as healthy.  but they had an amazing variety of plants that all looked very healthy and were fairly priced. The employee that helped me was extremely helpful in both the selection of the plants and the care. He also gave me a few tips for my fish even though I didn't buy any fish there. It's a nice shop and I'll probably will be going back." I like the quality over quantity approach. The tanks are nicely set up and clean. My fish are doing well other than a few missing scales from being taken from the display tank. Ive noticed they still sell deformed fish at full price though. One day I went in and it took over 20 minutes to get a simple yes or no question answered. The customer service was so bad I give them a 1 star review despite the quality. I won't be coming back.  and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Especially Donald! He answered my 101 noob questions politely and honestly. He helped me put together a tank that I am very pleased with. Which makes him a miricale worker because an employee from the ocean floor told me what I wanted to do was next to impossible. Donald can make your dreams come true! :) Thank you!!" Awesome staff and store. Just a little disappointed they don't carry African (rift lake) cichlids in store. Was told they can order them as long as we know what we want.  and was extremely impressed. All of the display aquariums were spotless and esthetically pleasing to the eye. Staff was very friendly and available for help. The selection of livestock was large "Overpriced and slow service. Great selections in freshwater but go online if you can Aqua touch is one of the best displayed reef stores i've seen. Very clean. Cool jelly fish displays. A little overpriced. This store is hands down the cleanest and best fish store in Arizona.  I have never seen a fish with ich in any of there tanks. Pricing maybe a little more than others but I would rather have a healthy fish to introduce to my tank. Awesome store maintained really well and through all the times I been here never seen a dead fish I got my first coral here and still haven't died verry nice coral to I can't remember how long I have been going to this store quality cleanliness great customer service the absolute best in this industry in the valley there is not a store in the valley that comes close yes the prices are high but I get the best opportunity to inspect the fish I'm considering purchasing because the tanks are so clean and bright  but if you really think about it all these garage sale reefs stores or the other brick and mortar store's that are here today and closed in eight months  aquatouch is the place to do it. Prices are good on some things and a little high They just lost my money cause no one would ask if I needed help. Waste of my time. AvxRiLcQ59UH0_64_lr_nQ Excellent quality store! A little pricey but definitely worth the money for what you get. Recently visited and Dominic was very knowledgeable and friendly. Definitely worth the trip just for the quality service I was given. From what I can see all the staff are mostly specializing in saltwater but this employee was proficient in both fresh and salt. Would recommend.  shrimp and a heater for my aquarium for about 30 minutes before anyone came to ask of we needed help.... and there were FOUR employees in the store all talking to each other at the front of the store. We asked if they had a heater in stock and the employee said that we'd have better luck at another store down the freeway.. he didn't even bother to look or ask if they happened to have one. We still decided to get the live rock since we were able to find it at the back of the store. Not wanting to reach in the tub of live rock If I could give it less than 1 star I would. I'll just justify the 1 because the store was clean and had a nice selection. I'll consider returning when their customer service improves."  I was appalled.... I couldn't get someone to help me to save my life. I reluctantly went back because I needed saltwater and my regular fish store was closed. They were helpful but the majority of the staff was young and didn't seem to know as much as they should to be giving advice to customers. As far as the pricing goes.... if you're buying anything other than saltwater "Blown away!  Nick was very professional and knowledgable and spent over an hour helping us with live plants and fish.  No other fish store spent the time to explain live plants with us and went into detail how a few plants don't need a CO2 system.  He actually even sold us on a CO2 system when we didn't want one when we walked in.  We have been to so many fish stores (specialty and generic pet stores) and none were as kind and willing to take the time.  We felt like we were the only ones in the store even though it was filled with customers.  The tanks looked awesome and clean and all fish looked healthy and very happy.  Store was very clean and organized.  Once we checked out my husband started asking more questions and as I stood at the counter with my fish and plants  I have been impressed by the customer service and willingness to help. I definitely recommend this store as it has not failed me yet. Very clean and professional. The prices are a little high but the fish usually thrive in my tank."  great set up. A little out of the way for me  we went to buy a flame angel fish- Casey was amazing. He saw a white patch on its side and said that the fish may have a parasite & since it was their last one "I found this little store about one year ago. I used to buy all my saltwater fish from Petco and none of the fish survived more then 3 months. Aqua touch will quarantine all the fish before they get to the display tank so you will never see any sick fish in here. I have never lost a fish since I came to this place. The staff is always friendly  Great Salt Water Fish but expensive! However never had any illness or sickly fish from aqua touch... The last few times we stopped by the customer service was bad - they tend to ignore customers. This place is so beautiful. The fish are so healthy. I bought all kinds of tropical fish from here and they are so happy and thriving. "Definitely the cleanest aquarium store I've ever seen The fish die not his. Take your business to anywhere but here. Petsmart has cleaner tanks." 