You should try them too." "i was a vet tech for 6 years so I'm pretty particular about people caring for my pets. The groomer (becky) listened to what I wanted and did exactly what we had discussed. My dog always seems quite happy and relaxed after a grooming there. (a really good sign). Also  which I think is very reasonable." I feel like this is similar to a ""special occasion"" retaurant: One where you would go all the time if the price was just a bit lower for regular customers...." "I use their services regularly. They in fact are the only place I will take my dog ""Gaffney"". The location is right off the main street.  She is always extremely well groomed when they are done.  They are worth the price." "I had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer. My dog  was not groomed to my specifications; infact she was butchered. I went to the trouble of taking a photo of my dog with  the haircut that I wanted My Kingston cooper is a havanese and is a goofy handful and they handled him well. I loved his hair cut. I changed from a different groomer to here. He's only been here once about a month ago but I loved it and we will definitely be coming back. Done in a timely manner and I love the cat that walks around and so does Kingston cooper he has 2 cats himself so he felt right at home. We will be back soon. And it's not far from my house so perfect location. Thanks guys for doing a wonderful job!!!  not to mention the perfect job they did on the cut and washing. Everyone who works here seems to treat the animals with the upmost care. Such a convenient location on Butler Street near Lawrencevillle. Can't wait to go back!! Thank you so much!!!"  the place appears newer and well kept. My dog has gotten consistently good haircuts here and she's always in a good mood when I pick her up. That's a keeper in my books! Oh "We recently adopted an overweight Keeshond named Drachma and were hesitant about bringing her to a groomer we didn't know.  Drachma also has social issues and does not take to other animals very well.  This place did a superb job with her!  She seemed to enjoy the company of other animals  told me it would be 50.00 then when I called to see if she was done they said60.00 went to pick her up it was now $70.00. That's the end of my business with them"  so you might have to wait a week or two to get an appointment. While they are normally too busy to answer the phone  and grooming- she looks like a new woman when they're done with her!" i cant wait to take them back :)"  and I get that with the ladies at The Pet Stop- and they're pretty reasonable on price and timing." I posted a picture of my fat white cat so you can see what they were dealing with" Please do yourself and your animal a favor and never go to this poorly run establishment." tqqYl8e4nGrBLh6uHVHvpg  and well stocked. Each section nicely marked making it easy to find what you need and fast. If you can't find it there were several employees available to help out. Prices were reasonable ***** Bring cash to tip. Petco's card machine doesn't give an option to add gratuity or get cash back. So we walked to PNC because she was worth it." "I had my dog groomed there today by Jess and he came out silky smooth  and very clean and it was only 2 hours and the price was 42 bucks! Can't beat that   and make suggestions about how to groom her.  She went from being afraid of the groomer to loving it!  Highly recommend the grooming a services here." This is the best Petco with the best groomers. Misty is our groomer and my dog Cowboy absolutely loves her.  She does a fantastic job and anytime we mention to Cowboy that he is going to the groomer to see Misty he gets so excited and jumps in the car.  Cowboy knows her as Aunt Misty and I highly recommend her as a groomer.  Awesome!!!  We have now been going there for over four years We've been happily using Furrever Friends for overnight boarding for over 4 years.  Our dogs have always loved going there and are treated like family.  Christy and her team provide awesome care that we always trust! We've been using Furrever Friends for years.  They are fantastic.  The price is very reasonable.  Christy and her staff are great to work with. I know we are going to use Furrever Friends again.  Thank you for taking such good time of our pup!" Took Luna for her check up at the Banfield in Petsmart. The staff was wonderful and informative. They answered all of our questions. You could tell that the staff genuinely love working with animals. The Petsmart store itself was really clean and all the employees I encountered were polite and attentive. I wish the Petsmart near my house was just like this one. Too bad for me. But good for this store. 5 stars for you! I love that I can take my animals in the store. the staff has always been very attentive and friendly"  a tag engraving station so that I would make one with my name and phone number. For $8.00 Emily H - thanks again for the recommendation!" I highly recommend Best Friends to all parents of fur babies!" Only thing is that's it's a little pricey ($29 night) and then you had packages or extras and it's abut $35-$40 day. For a week vacation or a weekend getaway for me and the wife Best Friends also offers your pets first night free which is pretty sweet seeing that I have nothing against saving $$$$ here and there and they provide you with a report card when you pick them up--again--cute!! Even though I dont like near there anymore  usually I have to walk them forever to get them to go).  I did like the fact that they sent me a picture of them during my trip and that they gave me a report card - although the card said both of their bowel movements were normal - but when they went as soon as I took them from the facility  they ask me if I'd like the same groomer as last time.  Heather is Sammie's ""Best Friend"".  I know that she will take good care of Sammie whenever I drop her off.  In the end I think the first might is free. Tell them I sent you!" In addition to boarding they do a great job with pet grooming.  It's one of the most expensive places to go but I would say it's usually worth it.  We'd had some crazy shavings and haircuts come out of the cheaper groomers (I'll never forget when he had long hair all over except for a shaved butt...I suppose they were going for a babboon look??)  But at Best Friends they do excellent work and my little pup comes out looking gorgeous." EBuOgJoDgaYCXbqugPTj6w  I asked to see where they were keeping her and they said ohh we will get someone to show u. Once the person came and got us and showed us where she was going to be I almost cried with the loudness of the dogs barking giving me a headache as she was shaking I almost wanted to say forget it but we were in a hurry. I felt as go my dog went to doggy hell. The staff was more mindset on other things then telling us about what she would be doing and if they took them out for potty breaks  it was obviously not my dog.  Then they argued with me saying he was he only chocolate lab they had.  Well....one hour later and 3 other labs (I thought mine was the only one!)...they finally found my dog.  I wouldn't recommend this place unless you hate your dog and want to trade him in for another model."  coop gets his bubble bath and paw-icure even a nice trim just before I am scheduled to pick him up. Coop then greets me with a big hug when I come to pick him up along with a good report card from the staff at the desk. They all tell me how well behaved he was and they look forward to him coming back. Not only is ""best friends"" coop's best friends but they are mine too because they love him the way I love my dog!!!" We love Best Friends. Our dog Molly loves the doggie play time she gets each day when she stays here.  The staff is so great with her.  We love the detailed report cards we get for each day.  It is very nice to be able to enjoy time away knowing your pet is safe and being carted for. Thank you for taking such good care of her. They also send your pup home with detailed report cards on how they were each day - even down to the detail of their bathroom schedule & how much food water they ate.  It is really apparent how much care they put into each dog's visit with them and I feel a lot better about leaving my peanut with them."  be sure to ask for a tour and see the space. I took the tour and the space is SMALL. I was there one day and they had 17 dogs in a space the size of my living room. That is dangerous! If something were to happen (ie. a fight) all of the dogs would join (pack behavior) and there would be nothing they could do to protect your pup."  I understand but then they tried to say we had abandoned the dog's. They would not give me the dogs and work out a payment plan. They shipped all 3 of my dogs off and won't say where they are. I understand they wanted their money. They sent us to collections and gave my dogs away and said it was in the contract that we signed that they can do that. They said they have no idea where the dogs are now.  When I say we spent a lot of money with them  it does not appear that the people who stay in the play area even like dogs.  All they do is constantly clean up after the dogs.  It seems there are way more dogs in that space than the staff can handle!  I would not leave my dogs there."  as well as daily report cards!  Our pets enjoyed their stay at Best Friends Pet Care; it was well staffed at all times which really can make the difference from one place to another. We were so happy with our experience there that we would not hesitate to use them again and again  the daily report cards and knowing that she will be bathed and groomed when we pick her up!" "We had a 16 year old Jack Russell with a few issues like a prolapsed trachea.  We recently lost his 19 year old lab-beagle mix sister and he was not himself for quite a while.  Took him for a look-see at Best Friends and were totally impressed with the staff and facility.  Wound up taking him back for his 2 free sessions and he seemed love it. Staff was great both times and we wound up buying a half day package.  We have total confidence in the staff and he goes in with a ""smile"" to play again.  Means everything to us. We took Mootz back frequently and he loved it every time.  The staff always seemed to love him to death.  Unfortunately we lost our little boy to cancer on May 2nd.  When I advised the manager she immediately refunded the balance of his package without even being asked.  Two days ago we received a heart wrenching card signed by the entire staff with individual message from each.  When we get a new companion there is no question where he she will go for daycare.  Thanks to the entire staff and we love all of you.  YOU ARE THE BEST!!!" One time we left them for 10 days and when we came back they were in such good health and the second time we left them for a weekend."  it's hard to believe your at a vet when you're in the waiting room becuase it's so nice."  SCAH sets the bar pretty high if I choose to check out another place." This place and their staff is absolutely amazing!  I've never seen people go over and beyond when we needed it most.  Thank you South Charlotte Animal Hospital!  You guys rock!!!  one of their technicians has been very judgmental of Rocky ever since we've been taking him there. I have always been very upfront of Rocky being very shy and not dog friendly  welcoming and spacious so you aren't on top of other animals the whole time you're there.  Dr. Herman solves the problems instead of giving too many meds and requesting more checkups.  Finally a vet in Charlotte that is reasonable yu71VZHwtW0PUH3C8GPccw This is as good as it gets!  Dr. Herman has a deep compassion and interest in the client's pets.  He definitely cares about the animals he sees and has an excellent bedside manner.  He is up to date on today's medicine and procedures.  Wonderful practice that I would recommend to anyone! I took my foster there and the staff was amazing and Dr Herman was very nice. I'll definitely be bringing my own dog here  but we didn't really feel welcomed to the new vet. I think this place is probably great for small dogs and cats but we felt out of place. I will probably give it one more chance "I do not recommend South Charlotte Animal Hospital. I came in for my first visit and was very disappointed. The nurse was very short with me. Do not remember her name "I recently took my pets to see Dr. Herman at South Charlotte Animal Hospital for their yearly checkup.  I have to say that I am very pleased with the experience I had.  The staff was very welcoming and friendly. One of my pets is quite anxious  also their prior manager Sandy was fantastic and she is no longer with them. With all these changes the higher price for services here and it being out of the way of my house just isn't worth it."  was a bit judgemental about that fact that I let my cats outside during the day. I thought about leaving his practice to find a provider who was a little more in line with my own beliefs  and come home clean and healthy.  I am so very grateful for Freedom Animal Clinic and its staff!" se7-O8GIXLBdKI0xv2wywQ se7-O8GIXLBdKI0xv2wywQ We have used Freedom Animal hospital for years!!! The vets and staff have always been great in providing services for our pets.  We use them for boarding as well.  Great place to take our cat and dog for routine or unplanned checkups!  The Sat hours is a real plus as well.  and gotten their answering service. I guess they sometimes forget to turn it off. It can be annoying  and there is no way to obtain our pet's prior records!  I now have to repeat all of my cat's vaccinations.  Poor show Friendly and very professional staff." And I love the history of this place too....longest running vet clinic in Charlotte!" This is where I take my dog Buddy to be groomed. Buddy is a high maintenance special case doggie. He has seizures and needs special care. The people here love to see him come in for haircuts. He loves going to be groomed here. They are pleasant and friendly. Buddy likes the 2 huge cats that are permanent residents there. I highly recommend this clinic for all of your pets needs.  you and your pet often get lost in the crowd.  I've been there 6 times and have seen  5 different vets-(in a 2 month period.)  I feel that the continuity of care suffers from this.  In a small clinic with one or 2 vets and fewer techs "I have had my faith & trust in Dr Todd and his staff for 12 years. they are the best at caring for my cat's health. doesn't matter if it is a yearly check up or a health visit. Dr Todd is just wonderful. thank you I would recommend this establishment any day  that's really weird"".  Later my dog developed a skin irritation on his stomach.  I called this vet and requested  a different doctor.  This doctor gave me some antibiotics and after my dog had taken them all it still wasn't cleared up and she said that they would have to do skin cultures which would cost ""billions of dollars"".  I requested a different doctor and she gave him some medication that made him feel horrible and pee uncontrollably twice an hour and STILL didn't heal his condition.  She also told me my dog was overweight and he was an 8 on a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 ""being a manate"".  Nobody has ever told me my dog was overweight before.  They wanted me to buy wet dog food from them.  I spoke to my father and he recommended I go his vet out in the country.  I took my dog in got his medication I'm sorry for the other reviewer here but I can't believe that was the norm I feel completely comfortable with Atrium and know that they will care for my pets and that they will listen to my concerns and allow me to be an advocate for my pets' care."  I would not recommend this hospital. I took my beloved cat to be examined because she has a growth on her rear end. They 'worked' us in on Saturday and took blood and said they recommended having it surgically removed. I agreed and scheduled the surgery for Wednesday. I asked them to call me with an estimate of the charges before the surgery. They called me Tuesday PM after I  had to remind them that I wanted an estimate prior to the surgery. The gal said it would be in the range of $650 since they had to do blood work. I informed her that they had already done the blood work. She said ""Oh in that case "I've been bringing my furry family to Atrium Animal Hospital since I moved to Charlotte almost 4 years ago.  From the front desk to the outstanding and caring veterinarians to the daycare and boarding services they provide  which makes the diagnosis even that much more impressive. I can honestly write a book about all the good experiences we have had at Atrium! And even though they are more pricey  so it was my first time treating fleas - they were very helpful!) I highly recommend Atrium. Even if it is more expensive than traditional vets We have been using Atrium for many years.  The Staff is passionate about quality animal care.  Always friendly.  They will work you in and stay late if you have an emergency.  I get another call at 4pm to tell me the medicine still was not there and they would have to postpone until next week (as we had reached the weekend). The staff would not admit any wrong doing and blamed the delay on fed ex. For something this important  professional and caring staff. Waiting time is never a problem. This has been our vet clinic for almost ten years." Not convenient to where we live- but worth every effort to take our dogs there.  Caring educated and compassionate vets and techs. Leonidas approved. So happy with my experience here! Was looking for a vet that would accept bloodwork from another vet and they happily were able to as long as it was recent of course :) Was trying to save some money and they are very reasonable. Dr Johnson was extremely wonderful and the staff was super friendly and welcoming! Happy to have as a new full service vet for my special needs kitty.  compassion and respect for you and your beloved pet then you have come to the right place! The docs here are very caring and helpful. Explanations in detail and are willing to go over anything that you need that concerns your pets. They offer all their help and advice and they let you know that ultimately you are your pets' guardian and the decision is yours. They offer their advice and explain to you the best route rather than tell you what you need to do and give you no other options. All the doctors here are great but the best for us is Dr Johnson! She's wonderful! We have been to many vets in the Charlotte area but nothing compares to Atrium. Atrium is the best  and we didn't have to pull double-duty with the dog one place and the cats in another.   What a great service and end to our trip!  For our longer out-of-town trips when we feel guilty asking friends to make so many visits "Have known Shelly and her wonderful pet services for over 10 years.   I use to have 2 Min Pins that were not the nicest to everyone.  The day Shelly came over and met the boys was a day to remember.  They both took to her like glue.  After witnessing the exchange...she melted my heart and Happy Tails forever walked into my life.  When I lost one of my babies Can't speak highly enough of this company and its owners.  I won't go into full detail but will say this is the absolute best service and Shelly is truly an angel.  Her love for all fur babies is unmeasurable and it shows.  She's nanny Shelly and our fur kids love her.  If you need pet sitting or boarding this is definitely the place to call and chose.  :)  I give them a high five star rating.  we hadn't given them our names yet and there were atleast four other people coming in to pick up or drop off. Very professional and it is clear everyone who works there loves their job."  which is right and the extras are not too much more.  They only take cash or checks "Our two goldens had a fabulous vacation at Aunt B's! The place is immaculately clean. The care and attention that they gave to our girls was outstanding. They came home with report cards on how they enjoyed their stay. With some terrible experiences at other local kennels Overall if you have a lower activity dog I think this would be the right place for you." Wonderful place! Loved the little added touch of a personalized note from each caretaker on what our doodle did during his stay. Five resounding stars for Aunt B's." kind and courteous.  They responded promptly when I checked on my dog and all the care givers had written notes on each day they took care of our dog.  My dog came back extremely clean and soft and all tuckered out." I don't know about the facility but I cannot get them to answer their phone or return a message. I've been on the road for vacation headed to that area and trying to setup some boarding for my dogs for a few days and these people are impossible to get ahold of!  but high quality so i feel its worth it for the bird seed maybe not the feeders. But backyard birders should definitely check it out" Best birdseed in town. Love their feeders but they ARE overpriced a bit. love this place!!! warm friendly folks - Bob and Jan. great customer service and will get whatever it is you want. I've delt with them many times and always got great service and treated me like a god!  and have never allowed me to carry a heavy bag of seed to my car. The store often has a live feed from a raptor's nest I would highly recommend this doggy daycare. I have been taking my 8-year-old beagle there since he was a puppy. They take very good care of him. My beagle looks forward to going there every week. He is very exhausted when I pick him up.  The price is excellent and the hours are very accommodating to your work schedule. I truly cannot say enough amazing things about Happy Dogz in both Middleton and Fitchburg.  My dog loves doing and the staff is great!!!  he trotted right in and didn't look back! He must be having so much fun! The staff are always super friendly and accommodating. I like the 1 2 day option and the Saturday daycare availability. I would definitely recommend Happy Dogz!" This place is great! They are located close to us and carry our dog's brand of food at a reasonable price. They even give him a treat and us little mounds bars when we check out! The staff is so friendly and the pup loves going there- he even sits when we are at the check-out because he knows he'll get a treat!  is a great thing). The staff are always around to help out and give suggestions as to what my dog might like. Their store brand of dog food keeps my dog healthy and his coat super shiny-all while being affordable and being a part of the frequent feeder program (when you buy 10 bags Super thankful for such wonderful people. :)" I couldn't be happier with the treatment my cats get here.  I'd recommend both Vets I saw to anyone I wouldn't bring my two Dachshunds  anywhere else! We absolutely love Dr. Gregg!  We've had as many as 11 animals and the care he provides them is top notch.  Last year one of our dogs (who was blind) was diagnosed with a terminal illness and passed away in October.  Dr. Gregg and his staff were wonderful to us & most improtantly to him.  We also have a cat with a heart murmur.  Dr. Gregg was the first vet to spot it and was able to give us several options on how to treat it depending on our budget & time.  The reason we like going to Dr. Gregg is that we are always given explanations and descriptions of the medical problem and then given several options on how to treat it and the differences for each treatment.  On top of that he is a great person who keeps us laughing!  I've recommended the Animal Hospital of Sun Prairie to several co-workers and friends who were looking for a vet.  and Dr Beth was kind enough to send us a condolence card with a poem in it for our loss. Also they dont push things on you that arent necessary and their fees are extremely reasonable and the vets take the time to explain what is needed and what isnt.  All in All I cant say enough good things about The Animal Hospital of Sun Prairie because they truly love what they do and do have compassion for the pets and their owners you arent just a number here. Even after a procedure at the hospital the vet themselves or the staff call within a few days to check up on your pet to see how they are doing. I wont go anywhere else and even had a relative switch from their vet to this vet." Overpriced but they do have a good selection of pet food. Use your head if you go to this store and only buy what you can't find elsewhere. We spotted a litter scoop at Target for 1/4 the price they were selling it here. They did match the price.  ""hey I think your fish gave our tank ick"" the employee responded with ""probably we found ick in one of our tanks and there's one fileter for all our tanks"" I could not believe it. Why would you knowingly sell someone sick fish? They wouldn't even refund our money for the fish we had bought. If you ask me they should have payed for the rest of the fish they killed and the two bottles of medicine too! We will never go back."  I wouldn't go anywhere else. The staff is so nice and knowledgeable They have a great selection and the staff is usually pretty knowledgeable.  We have a lot of different animals and it is nice to have a one stop shop!  the store itself is decent with an excellent selection of food and toys." "I wouldn't even put a star. We bought fish from them and asked their ""fish specialist"" if the fish we selected will get along. Of course she said yes. We have had our fish now for 3 weeks and one is obviously get attacked by another fish! Well petsmart thanks for that! Tetras are aggressive fish and attack others. Maybe they should teach their employees what they r talking about! No way am i going back to them! So uneducated and to top it off the woman that helped us made it seem like we bothering her!  Get it together petsmart! Ur losing customers!" Not sure If you will be seeing much more of me and my Bully anytime soon coming back in here."  where as the guy at PetSmart told me to just leave it be because all water has to go through its cycle and if I do that large of a water change I would just be screwing myself over and making it take longer. He told me to bring my water in to get tested and we could go from there. I brought my water in and it was fine. He told me about some different fish and which ones would be good to start the tank because they are sturdier and more likely to make it through the cycle. He also sold me a little plant that feeds off of the bad bacteria in the tank. This was about three weeks ago. My fish are still doing fine  but why the hell would I adopt a cat without even haven seen it walk around or be able touch it at all. If this is really how your policy works then It's a really stupid model. If they had just let us take her out for a minute to make sure she was healthy and a nice fit for us  I give them an extra high rating because of the great job they did shaving my cat! Half as expensive as most places and they let me witness/help out as needed  even encouraged us to take our time. They also have dog classes and grooming which are all reasonably priced. Two downsides: watch out for the cats they are everywhere and when we brought our dog to get her nails trimmed they were nervous of her eatting them. Makes me wonder if they treat all dogs that way? Also because they are a smaller store they have a smaller selection but they do specialize in healthy and unique dog foods." I have been going here since I was a small child. I love Noah's Ark!! The best part is they allow their kittens that are for sale to run free in the shop. It's great! You can play with kittens while you shop! I've gotten some wonderful cats from this store and would highly suggest you support this locally owned pet shop!!  that to be a good dog teacher you probably arn't so great with humans but our teacher really isn't even that great of a teacher. Three classes and she's only introduced two things: orient to the left and what she calls 'calming' down. I also realize that you can't just take your dog to the class and expect them to know it XlXdO2zgB5DsJygapc2Ksw "I have mixed feelings about this store.  I am a Northside resident and want to support local business but the customer service here is very poor.  I usually buy 2-40# bags of dog food at a time and am offered help to my car about 50% of the time.  The store is very dirty and the staff do not seem friendly or healthy--maybe the cat dander is activating their allergies?!?  I understand others appreciate the kittens and cats roaming free  I can usually get what I need without having to drive further than needed but if I need more than treats  and the fact that some random angry employee was able to effect this sort of action is unacceptable. They will no longer have my family's business."   probably wouldn't make more than a 15 minute drive to return."  but she had long brown hair that was in a braid) came and tried to take the kitten away stating that he was squeezing him to death!  I was monitoring the whole thing and that definitely is not what was happening.  She then proceeded to tell us that the kittens were all sick because of the stress of the move.  The kittens were all running around playing with toys  I asked about grooming. I have a St. Bernard. The clerk (a man) said the groomer comes in at night to do bigger dogs a couple times a week starting at 5:15 pm. I asked how much it would be and the man said between $60-$65. So I made the appointment. I showed up a few minutes early for my appointment and the female clerk was nice. She talked a lot. The man I had made the appointment with a few weeks earlier was also there but not friendly at all. The groomer finally showed up exactly at 5:15. The clerk said Although it's about a 15 minute drive for us Having our fun-loving happy dog be visibly terrified walking out to us and not even looking up to see who we were until she could smell us upset me us so much. If you love or care about your dog spend the extra 5 dollars for a place that cares about animals."  especially if you need to pick them up on a Sunday."  and I hope nobody else has to lose a beloved pet to this sub-par facility. This is a harsh review but these things matter."  they are good with the dogs and understand that every dog has different needs. My dog has been at several other kennels in Madison before I found hickory hills and he use to come home completely out of it EDIT: My dog just has a confirmed case of Kennel Cough and the vet says that there have been 3 other dogs they have seen (in one practice!!) that have it and who go to Hickory Hills!! STAY FAR FAR AWAY!!"  and my dogs are always excited to go there.  The play area is great for the dogs and I love that you can look at pictures of your pooch having fun while you are away. The staff does not hesitate to call with questions and are always friendly and professional. I used to go to a much more expensive place that I now feel was overrated and overpriced for what we received. This kennel gets two paws up from Winston and Ham!" "Boarded my dog there and the staff was nothing but extra nice and caring. Price was unbeliveable I do recommend this place." I've been taking my animals there for years. I now live in Chicago but I'm making a trip down to Urbana this weekend for an appointment.  treatment and advice we received.  The Dr. was very sympathetic with our concerns and needs.   Very professional and caring people and charges seemed appropriate." "My husband and I chose Beaumont to have our puppy cremated at after a necropsy at U of I. We specifically asked if a pawprint would be done and we were promised it would be. Thats the only reason we chose Beaumont. Apparently  my poor dog is getting more and more anxious about what is going on.  I've heard this same story from others.  Won't be trying this place again. Evidently his time is much more important than mine." "I have brought both of my Golden Retrievers to this small grooming business.  No one does a better job on Goldens They did a great job both grooming/washing my dog and trimming her nails. Both employees love dogs and are very friendly! Seriously this place is a must go for anyone that feels compelled to spoil their four-footed companions. Let's just say that I was almost crushed when I broke out the bags and I didn't have to have a good cry on the way home for spending too much!" Dj3i6a_vboALYTRKTmBABQ The nicest  thing about Ryan's is they have the BEST prices on pet products hands down that I have seen."  and because the prices aren't listed on anything so you have to constantly flip through this huge catalog to find prices. but Not my first go around with Ryan's should have never spent money with them again." Check it out if you get chance (Make a point to) you will not walk away disappointed." "Ryan's is a great place to buy pet supplies. I like the fact that it is set up like a warehouse. No sales people bugging me when I just want to look. There are people there to help you find stuff when you need them. They also carry heavy items to the front for you. I would give it 5 stars i love ryans pet supply and will continue to give them my business over any other chain pet supply store." -super friendly staff!" "I'm so happy to have found this place. And it's in my neighborhood! Everything is very reasonably priced and the staff was very helpful. My little maltese mix is quite a chewer which means I'm always having to buy new toys. I've saved a bundle here! I've even purchased a toy for $3 that I've seen for $15 - $20 at the pet store. They have a huge assortment of toys I will be making trips there regularly."  but it would have been a heckova lot more at any retail pet place. I grabbed a catalog to look through for next time and felt pretty good about my future with Ryan's."  you will immediately have the feeling of ""I think I'm somewhere I shouldn't be..."" ignore that feeling and just keep walking :)" Dj3i6a_vboALYTRKTmBABQ Only one negative - I went there three times looking to purchase a gate to keep my Boxer mix and Mastiff mix out of one part of the house and Ryan's didn't have it. Ended up buying it online from another retail. Moral of the story: call before if you want to buy a bigger ticket item." If they had a/c it would have been worth it to save a few bucks on the toys my dog destroys in minutes but no air conditioning??? IN ARIZONA?? Madness!" I wish they carried food though..."  a great place with great prices."  and I'm one happy dog owner because of it." "I love love love Ryan's.  It is my favorite place ever and you can get SOO much stuff there for a whole lot cheaper than anywhere else.  They do have a minimum order of $25  and lastly you CAN bring in your dog and have a helper while you shop." "Ryan's isn't exactly a secret but I didn't know about it until recently. Any phx pet owner really should know about this warehouse. Why pay twice as much for a crate This place is like a costco for pets lol. Great prices. Plenty of options. "Cheap prices with fast shipping and friendly phone service. I happen to go through a LOT of toys due to my dog's need to rip out their entrails in 2 minutes or less. Also  you can save at least 30% off of Petsmart prices by shopping here. They have everything your dog needs- EXCEPT food. They sell treats "Totally AMAZING pet supply! Wholesale prices to the public and super friendly staff! It's a bit overwhelming the first time you go so expect to spend some time there - you can call to request a catalog or go online to price items since the items in the warehouse are not priced (and yes  Ryan's is by far the best place to purchase pet supplies." You can save a bundle here!"  but just made a big run as we have a new pup.   The prices are absolutely terrific."  of the Coscto effect: you walk in there with intention to buy one thing but end up with a whole cart of stuff for your pets. :) Very friendly staff.  We will be back for all of our needs.  Just went today to buy puppy post-surgery no chew collar.  They had a wide selection at greatly reduced prices." I highly recommend this place for all of your pet supplies!" Ryans is a such a great find! They have animal products for such a cheap price and the more you buy the more you can save! There is a minimum 25 dollar purchase but i always....ALWAYS spend more because there is so much stuff for such a good price. The place is setup like a warehouse..because it is....and isn't the prettiest place I have ever shopped but for the prices..you deal.  I keep coming back! 6.  Really HUGE cow leg bones or knuckles (search hard).  I have them cut into 2-3 pieces at home  (tomorrow I have to call my boss and say I will be late so I can get the piece that was missing from the box  but it only took 2months to send me a new pair to the wrong address mind you. So decided to buy from someplace else.  Just got the new shears and am sending them back but  I HAVE TONPAY THENSHIPPING ON THEIR CRAP......  I'm through with ryans  and there's obnoxious shit...." "Best kept secret on pet supplies in Phx.  Those hair combs that pull out your pet's extra fur...the furminator i think it's called...1/2 the price in here compared with the regular pet stores.  The staff is very helpful too if you're looking for a specific item!  They have a catalog you can look thru as well  Ryan's is great.  Wish the hours were better so I could get there more often!"  there is little-to-no need for me to wreck my schedule just so I can come in and visit their store during their limited business hours. I'll shop elsewhere." Ryans pet supply has a wonderful staff in the repair shop. The best customer service in town.  but my dog has had it for about 30 minutes and has chewed halfway through the knot in the middle... Le sigh." I won't go back.  Lots of places sell pet supplies and I don't need to go here again."  make sure you check out Ryan's Pet Supplies first. They will most likely have it at an even cheaper price. They even carry their own brand name shampoo and  grooming supplies which is also nice. Everyone there is super friendly and very knowledgeable. Jodie is always so cheerful and quick to check me out when I'm in a hurry. Monica is always a pleasure to work with for she always keeps me up to date with all of my order status' and the payment options that are available to me. I can also always count on Phyllis to give me helpful grooming tips as well. Check 'em out for yourself and see!" Despite the ""leave your purse up front policy"" and the front desk help that is often rather slow and usually not friendly Collars and leashes. Treats and beds. Shampoos and toys. This place has everything but the food!" I am the owner of grooming salon and used to order a lot from Ryan's but doing less and less of that because of numeral mistakes with past orders too." "This warehouse is great! Awesome pricing and selection! I have been looking everywhere for an XL crate for my new Rottie. Petsmart and Petco wanted around $200+ for the size I needed and Craig's list didn't have much of a selection at the time I was looking for used ones... but even then they were still asking over $100. I went to Ryan's and found the one I wanted  immediately  for only $90! The people at checkout were nice and welcoming  the same) sold at pet stores around town for twice as much or more. I bought a nice large folding soft-sided traveling crate for my dog here for $90. I recently saw the same crate at another store for $250. This morning I bought 300 poop bags and a bag full of plush toys for my dogs for $54 I recommend Ryan's to anyone who loves well priced pet supplies. Because being a pet owner is not always cheap!" The staff is typically friendly whenever I have been here.  I have not utilized the website as far as ordering but I do use it to compare products to other online stores.  If you have pets Word of warning - they are the door that is ACROSS the way from the warehouse door. Do not go in the warehouse side. Walking from McDowell Love this place!! I come here about once a month to stock up on doggie treats and bones. They have a huge selection and it is definatly cheaper then pet smart. This place it GREAT! definitely not visually appealing but so much cheaper than most pet stores and a great selection. I have 4 pits who chew everything in no time so NylaBones and Antlers are a necessity at our house both are sold at a significant savings compared to other stores The prices are great. I buy a lot of things for my pets on Amazon and other online sites but if I am in the area so i cant ship it back..(post office wont go for that) I've emailed Ryans twice about it and haven't gotten a response.its been a month or more now. Ive found another company that carries similar spray. really disappointed in them .bad costumer service."  but the staff in the back room can be somewhat rude and seem like they don't really want to help. Also the hours can be pretty inconvenient but I always find a way to make it down there. I will return mostly for the wide selection of products and awesome prices." Overall excited to find Ryan's and will definitely be back."  because they are not a retail store but an internet warehouse.  Really not a big deal...you will not believe how much you can get for your money!"  which is great if you are short on time or can only make it in before they close but don't have enough time to walk through the warehouse. You can call in orders and place them online as well. Definitely a great place to be i LOVE ryans pet supply! they always have smiles when they greet you and have unbeatable prices! I just order a collar for my dog. They have a great site which is easy to navigate. I checked the receipt and noticed not only a shipping charge of almost $9 but there was a handling charge of $7 on top of that. I called customer service and they explained that the handling charge is place on purchases under $60 and that covers the trouble to pick the smaller orders and cover the cost of the packing materials. I then said that I didnt realize that you use more shipping suppplies on a small order (collar) and I didnt realize that it was more troucle to pick a small order since they only said that they charge a handling charge on small orders under $60. You decide for yourself........................ Yes its my fault for not checking this prior to hitting confirm button!  pet toys and much more. The prices are ridiculously low in comparison to other pet places and the front desk people were pleasant at check-out (after locking my bag in a dog kennel during my warehouse perusal). They are only open during the week till 4:30pm so plan accordingly."  but it is a horrible experience every time. The second we find a competitor that has similar prices Ryan's can kiss our thousands in purchases per year goodbye." The warehouse is fun to browse and you can spend hours up and down the aisles finding stuff you never thought you needed for you fur child. Yes I absolutely love Ryan's! You can find everything you need here (minus dog food) for much lower prices than your big box retailers. Staff is friendly and always courteous! Two thumbs up!  and beds oh my goodness they have great deals on dog beds) are all a great price and many are items I haven't seen in other stores. I wasn't super impressed with the leash and collar selection but I am very picky on which ones I use so I don't count that as to much of a negative. I do recommend that you make sure you take a look at the catalog as we forgot and didn't look until we left and missed out on a bunch of medical items that my disaster dog would have benefited from (oh well that just means another trip). All and all give it a try the worst thing that could happen is you save some money on fun dog toys." Love the prices on name brand toys like Kong and Nylabone. Truly HATE the fact that I'm never able to take advantage due to their hours being Mon-Fri 8:30-4:30? Seriously?! I either have to head in to work late or plan to leave early. You would think they'd at least open for a few hours on a Saturday morning for those of us working the usual grind...  and they'll be so happy you finally stopped by here." Loss of a star due to the hours: open only M-F from 8:30-4:30  but being charged $107 for something I did not buy. Is ridiculous!!  Some other guy has my last name and I get charged!  Mandy Hartwell has sent me a receipt but I have yet to see a refund!  It's been 5 days!  Where is my money Ryan's pet store!!"  showed up at 4:45 and was told they closed at 4:30. Explained that the website had the wrong time and the only solution was to come back tomorrow. I don't have time to be constantly calling small places like this and double checking their hours."  having to leave personal items up front.....this isn't a general retail pet store people it's a warehouse.   Me personally I really appreciate Ryans...I can buy my supplies for my grooming business and get it today. I can also get supplies for our kennel "Excellent selection of dog shampoo. It's sometimes a bit tricky to find what you're looking for in the warehouse "Ryan's has great prices and selection. I have been several times now and the employees were friendly and helpful each time. It's a wholesale warehouse with people filling orders  the customer could have been SHOCKED!! Not only did they do a terrible job (and not try in any way to fix it but also they left myself and my children who also sheer their sheep in danger. I will not be recommending this place to anyone ever. You would probably be better off watching YouTube  and fixing them yourself. You will have the same level of safety and better service because I assume you care about yourself!!"  but it's much cheaper than anywhere else and your dogs are welcome to go in with you. I would recommend coming here!"  honest company. I will never order from this company again. This entire situation was just a nightmare and I was the one who got the short stick in the end because of their mistakes. Don't order from here I always go and find what I need and more! Staff is friendly and helpful! I always enjoy you trips in! I've been shopping at Ryans for the 25 years I've been grooming. They use to dedicate to the grooming industry. Now it seems more and more products are becoming difficult to get. Not to mention the ridiculous hours they have!!!! what groomer can get there to pick up supplies or drop off clippers to be repaired by 430pm??!!! Monday through Friday only! closed for every known holiday.... very unsatisfied with repair center .Has gone down hill dramatically. I get clippers come back making horrible noises and blades that wont cut!!! The valley needs some competition so they get their act cleaned up.  and he said ""of course."" Did he apply it to my bill? Of course not. I didn't notice it until I got home. I just paid the bill This kind of immediate and friendly follow-up redeemed them and gained them another star."  whoever I speak with is so courteous and the medication is ready when they say it will be.  I also used the 50% off coupon and luckily had no problem." All of my dogs have recently passed away after living long and healthy lives thanks Flash-forward five years later and my furry bestest girl is still by my side. The exceedingly competent Any one who lives in Central Phoenix who needs great care for their pet should trust their animals to this clinic I love that they called 2 days after seeing my pet to check up on her! I took advantage of the Yelp certificate which was a great deal." jUQpIF_bhhF_XQqScrt5yg  knowledgable and most professional.  Dr. Schroeder is AMAZING!  The BEST vet in Phoenix- HIGHLY recommended."  but East Maryland Animal Hospital got me in ASAP and was very attentive to my little one. They are a little on the expensive side- but it beat the Emergency Vet fees" Mostly staff is great (Candida is the best).  Prices are DEPLORABLE.  Compare prices between EMAH and other Vets before making the decision to make this place your primary vet.  I Guarantee you that they will try to nickle and dime you for EVERYTHING if you let them.  Not ethical in my books.  but they treat me and all of my animals very well."  they were awesome for one of my good friends throughout her cat's life... maybe they're just better cat vets?" This is the dog's doctor and we're also taking puppy training classes here every Wednesday. The trainer is great and Pip seems pretty happy there.  compassionate doctors who really care about your pet. We had to send our 14 year old Lab ""Over the Rainbow Bridge"" on March 21st. It was sudden and Dr. Martens took care of my babygirl. And she and the office manager Joyce made the experience a bit easier for us when we had to say goodbye.  Everyone from the front office to the vet techs to the doctors at EMAH are the best as far as I am concerned. I trust them 110% with all of my furry kids." "Dr Schroeder was great & very thorough w/ our new puppy. I had a lot of questions & she answered every one of them. She also followed up w/ an e-mail response after looking further into one of my questions. I also like that she gave our puppy lots of love & attention. The vet tech & staff were all very welcoming & friendly Great people. They really understand pets and work with you and your pet. They won't try to upwell you at all. I would recommend this vet to anyone. Too bad I do not live in AZ anymore. I highly recommend them!"  a dog that is excited for her appointments is worth it!" jUQpIF_bhhF_XQqScrt5yg  and they called to confirm my requested time as well as the day before to make sure I was still able to make it. The check in process was very easy and efficient. They noticed how nervous my pup was and let us use a private waiting room while the vet tech prepared for his exam. Vet was friendly and seemed to genuinely care about Civ. Will definitely go back."  etc. and the staff at East Maryland Animal Hospital are truly great.  From making the appointment to the final services  customer focused and have a true interest in making sure our pet is well taken of. Friendly staff. Short wait times to be seen and checked out. Very competent techs and vets"   comforting and accommodating throughout everything.  We even received a card that had hand written condolences after.  Good experience through a very hard time."  but stay on point and specific to any issues or concerns. We receive excellent care in the veterinary service "the front staff is very nice and accommodating. very small if any waiting time. Doctors are great and they don't try to sell you all sorts of stuff for your pets and they give you lots of free website and pamphlet advice. """ I would continue to go to East Maryland Animal Hospital even if I lived 100  miles away I wanted to say the staff and Dr. Martins are the top of their field!  I would trust them any day with my four legged babies!!!  Gismo and Lady love them all! they were recommended to me by cat fancy site as well as pet resort i left my cats at while i was going thru my move- they have been accurate and caring. Dr Martens is at the same time straight forward and caring. On the whole highly pleased with care and diagnosis for my elderly kitties - nice clean rooms and good care. like the front desk staff and most of the Vet techs i have experienced"  we did not sign up for any of the plans and never returned. We sought all future care at another Veterinarian in the area who is extremely professional and caring - albeit slightly more expensive." Helpful staff who is always willing to give the extra time to address my questions & concerns. The office is also close to my home (good area) & have never had a negative experience when bringing Pistachio in for care.  and pleasant about it!! She even obtained keys to get into old files (from 6 years ago) and found what I needed!! I thought it was a lost cause! She saved the day for me  Bowser never seems skittish about going in.  He actually seems pretty happy.  Although he can't speak human "BEWARE! This hack outfit is interested in nothing but YOUR MONEY. Had an appointment at 11 a.m. today for heartworm testing and prescription refills for my two Husky's yearly heartworm medicine. 30 minutes before the appointment (just now) they call and tell me ""there is a problem"" and I will need to spend an ADDITIONAL $150 for a ""wellness exam"" before they can do the heartworm test. PATHETIC! There is no ""exam""  and his regular vet at Banfield would not get him in for four more days. I called East Maryland Animal Hospital and they got him in right away and treated us like we've been going there for years. I will no longer take him to Banfield and canceled my wellness plan there.  Dr. Schroeder will be his vet from here on out. She's amazing." """I have taken my pets to East Maryland animal Hospital for probably 25 years or so. The doctors have all been wonderful- and the staff is certainly a caring They show genuine enthusiasm for their work and love of animals. I have been using their services for my two dogs since moving into the neighborhood about six years ago and couldn't imagine going anywhere else. They doctors and staff are always very friendly and make my dogs and I feel at ease. They also have a great staff that handles the boarding area. Just make sure to double check drop off times...especially on holidays. We have always had good experiences at East Maryland. We have faith in the doctors and the staff.  she explained the diagnosis and came up with a plan to get my cat back to health.  3 hours after the visit Long time client as I have taken 3 dogs to these vets.  Dr Martens and Dr Schroeder are very friendly and knowledgeable.  They provide you the facts so you can make intelligent decisions in the treatment of your pets.  My dog doesn't feel nervous so that is another reason to take her there.  I am impressed with the followup phone calls to check and see how my dog is doing after any medication is prescribed or treatment/surgery performed.  I highly recommend them.  and such a great experience! Dr. Clemens and her staff were extremely friendly and patient! Zeke is a rescue Nice people but very slow and behind schedule. It is fine if you have at least 30 minutes to pick up your pet from being boarded or wait 45 minutes after your scheduled appointment. They will tell you 5 minutes but take 20 minutes.  I'll find a vet who values my time. Amazing staff! Felt right at home. I would highly recommend coming here for all your canine needs! Me and my companion felt welcomed and valued right when we walked thru the door. Thanks for taking such good care of my baby! See you all again soon! Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Great care given by knowledgeable and concerned physicians. Clean environment. "Very friendly and informative staff that really do care about the well being of your pet and not as much about the amount of money coming out of your pocket. The doctor recommended watching the sores rather than trying to pressure us into getting an expensive skin sample right away. I really respect that because she had an idea of what it might be and said "My dog and I were very pleased with the care he received at East Maryland Animal Hospital.  Can't say enough about Dr. Clemons "I'm so happy with this veterinary practice. They take great care of my cats in both emergent and non-emergent situations. We have seen Dr Schroeder & Dr Martens Dr. Martens is just wonderful and I'm so happy to find a Vet who has experience with small dogs - and has her own! Staff was friendly and responsive and I was just so happy to find a place I can have confidence in going forward - and for a long time! Thank you all!  not like the past experience I've wasted money on costly products.  The staff is very professional and friendly & environment is clean. I'm truly happy with the  business."  and I feel they have been with me through some pretty rough times.  I never worry that we will receive the highest standard of care and compassion.  Thank you to all."  every single person was sweet! best experience I've ever had hands down. I can't say enough good things about East Maryland Animal Hospital. The customer service and care were exceptional. I really appreciated the post op call from Dr Clemons the following day.  Even compared to my experiences at medical offices  and compassionate when she could have been judgmental. Our dog has been suffering for months because we thought it was too expensive to treat him. We are all relieved Dr Martens found a solution that fits our budget." "Thank you !!!    You have been amazing ... My dog is getting better everyday !   The sugar wraps and medication saved him his tail "I was new to the Phoenix area and my first priority was to find a vet for my almost 9 year old cat Lavender who was in liver failure. My friend recommended East Maryland and it was close to where I was staying so I went ahead and made an appointment before my move. From the moment I walked in door I had an amazing experience. They gave me a welcome bag with kitty treats and other goodies. Everyone is super friendly. They were able to help me find new medications for my kitty that my previous out of state vet hadn't tried. And referred me to their specialist who was able to do further testing for less than a 1/4 of the cost of my out of state vet wanted. We spent many days at East Maryland and I called even more in a panic- my cat is doing this should I bring her in or wait? Every time I was met with kindness and patience. Unfortunately Great care for our pup and super understanding when I'm a crazy dog mom. We switched from Banfield and haven't looked back.  as Dr. Schroeder is really great. We will never agree to an appointment with Dr. Clemens again."  at home. Why should I pay you to research potential problems online? This was not the Vet I have seen in the past. I want a refund!! You did NOTHING!!!! I am so angry with the incompetence of the visit I am spitting fire! Complete waste of time any money! Seriously I want my $60 back."  and is kind enough not to guilt you about passing on the $500 echo-cardiogram. She has little tricks to distract the cats while they are getting their shots and offers a number of over-the-counter and inexpensive solutions to try for minor ailments or bad feline habits. They have an on-line ""pet portal"" service so you can keep track of your pets' records and when boosters are due. The office is always clean  staff is nice and it is always clean."  was flexible. When I asked to deviate from the standard puppy vaccination plan and follow the veterinary protocol recommended by my breeder (a yorkie lover with 20 years experience breeding show and pet yorkies) I would definitely recommend this Vet's office to anyone. Knowledgeable and Friendly staff!"  and Lisa were all wonderful. Clementine doesn't do too well with strangers right now and everyone was so patient and kind. Dr. Temple and Diana even sat down on the floor in the examination room to spend some time with her. Unfortunately  so I take the issue of their care very seriously.  And so does ACH..."  and the overall experience is very positive.  My dog was recently ill and Dr Halver made an excellent referral to a neurologist as well.  Unfortunately  that basically asks how much money you're willing to spend on your pet.  Wanna bet that's the first thing they look at?  Every vet I've encountered who has this question ended up being a rip off.  From now on I'll run out of the office as soon as I see that question."  as he is expensive but SUPERB and worth every penny) she was much better.  I also was concerned about the Flovent she was on and the Dr. in CA (who also checked her eye WITH AN INSTRUMENT unlike Bishop) said she was having a reaction to it.  In Fact Both the vet and the tech were very professional and friendly.  The vaccinations went fast My situation didn't have a chance to grow into a more positive experience with this 3 vet shop. Shop elsewhere to avoid the wait."  which seems to be a gold standard for Phoenix vets.  They also don't charge a ludicrous ""exam fee"" every time they see your dog because they put him on a scale."  but don't be alarmed. Everyone there was great. I'm already taking him back next week for his yearly shots."  is incredibly competent and always puts me in a good mood. She seriously makes my day whenever we go in because she does her job well and treats everyone with such respect  I will be bringing my pup back in the future!" I honestly got more information from reading webmd than from going to see Dr. Halver. He prescribed my pup $66 antibiotics and $45 nasal drops on top of a $57 exam fee. I would say comparatively this place is very expensive and I did not feel important to the doctor there. Will not be visiting this clinic again." Thank you all for making my first vet experience such a memorable one." Thank you all at animal care hospital you are wonderful" I had a very wounded kitty and took him to the clinic  to see Dr Bishop. He spent less than ten minutes looking at my cat and would not do anything unless I did the MAJOR procedure that he wanted to do. I had to request to see him again during my visit to ask questions and he was rude. I also had to request all meds-nothing was suggested or offered. This clinic is just trying to get money anyway they can without taking consideration of true pet needs. I will take my pets else where in the future.  and they always try to keep our wallets in mind by giving us different options.  We go 20min out of our way to come here and it's worth it!" These vets and the staff are truly wonderful and genuinely caring. I just can't say enough great things about them.  they are all so welcoming and loving towards our girls! The doctors are very knowledgable and helpful and I wouldn't take my dogs anywhere else now." Great team and doctors! No unnecessary nonsense and take the time necessary to answer your questions. Doesn't get any better...you and your pet will be happier! I had a two year old pit bull name red. SOP much energy. But I took him to this vet. when he started having seizures. I was told to give him meds that would help calm the seizure of course they would not go away. But since taken the pills he had more seizures. I called to inform this facility. So they put him on another pill  where the seizures got worst. I took him back into the vet they said he is healthy. and they didn't know why he was having seizures. but know Mri know x Ray for tumors nothing. now my dog is in heaven I hate this vet I wouldn't take a ant to this place. I TRULY HATE THIS VET OFFICE. THEY WILL NOT GO FAR TO SAVE YOUR PET LOOK SOME WHERE ELSE AND I HAD THE MONEY FOR ANY PROCDURE THEY DONT CARE ABOUT YOUR FUR BABY. F&@$ this place and every body that workS there sad. YOUR FUR BABY WILL DIE ALL THEY CARE  ABOUT IS MONEY TRUST  ME LOOK SOME WHERE ELSE PLEASE SAVE YOUR BABY PLZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ. I have been taking my cats to Dr Bishop at Animal Care Hospital for 23 years.  He and the staff have always given the best care and compassion to my cats. I wouldn't go anywhere else even though I have moved farther away from their location. It's well worth the trip.  and knowledgeable vet I have ever had the chance to meet. I can't thank her enough for having treated my English bulldog. She is truly dedicated to her work "I moved to Arizona from California recently and wanted to find a good place for my pets who are getting up there. A friend from the dog park recommended Dr. Halver. Apparently he had helped diagnose the friend's dog debilitating illness after a few other vets could not.  I went to Animal Care Hospital recently when my dog had a mass on her leg. Dr. Halver asked me many questions about Josie (the dog)  a walk in the room by a vet is insanely expensive. Dr. Halver had no rapport with my pet. Bad all around."  is superior to any I have gone to in the past 15 years.  My old vet retired and his replacement vet moved to Utah when the Light Rail took their office.  In the meantime we looked for a good vet and experienced some really scary visits to dirty offices with greedy doctors and incompetent assistants.  The Animal Care Hospital doctors (ALL OF THEM!)  professional and sincerely caring of my kids they are honest...I wouldn't take my son anywhere else and they will have my business  and a life long referral for anyone else in need of top notch animal care..."  it's a great location to either buy more for your current pet or pick up a new buddy in one of their many pets fairs." Minnie and I will be moving soon and the big question becomes... 'which Petsmart will become our new fave?'  Time will tell... luckily  I will be taking my dogs back to Petsmart for their next beauty appointment." He'll be going for intermediate classes in the fall.  I guess that's like Middle School.  For dogs." I would recommend this location! :)" I have a choice between a few PetSmarts but I will be returning to this one for all of my fish needs!" I heartily recommend it to every dog owner in this city."  but nothin' to complain about either." Always take my pets here they seem to love it. Love the fact that they alway great me and my dogs as we come in makes me feel welcome. "This was my first time renting a carpet shampooed from here and I will never rent from anywhere else again. Their shampooer was more efficient  and there were other spots on his back that looked the same.  I immediately called Petsmart and they told me to come back and they would reimburse me.  I returned the next day and asked that they have their vet check him out as well  and there were other spots on his back that looked the same.  I immediately called Petsmart and they told me to come back and they would reimburse me.  I returned the next day and asked that they have their vet check him out as well I know this location is supposed to be in the poorer side of town but it's still a good store. I like all of the Petsmarts I go to as most of them have really helpful employees. This one looks just like the others and is well kept/stocked. When I visited this one for the first time I was looking at the little critters and a really helpful employee let me see one of the Russians even though they were partially put away. She took her time with me so that the little girl was calm and ready to be held. She answered all my questions and I ended up buying the Russian; she was a great pet. I'm glad the girl took her time to assist me patiently even with just a half hour to go before closing. "The staff here wasn't as friendly as most locations I have been to. It also wasn't as clean and tidy as I'd like. Otherwise Staff is always friendly. I love everyone in the grooming salon! I'm always made to feel welcome and I find all the products I'm looking for. The clinic takes FOREVER so be prepared to wait! Bring a book or iPhone or iPad. Or play with your pet."  and taught us many helpful things to train our dog. The staff here are all friendly and helpful. I would recommend the training classes to anyone." "I have to give 5 stars to the Banfield Animal Hospital at this location. Had a little emergency a couple hours ago- my dogs anal gland had swollen and ruptured in less than 24 hours....they were able to squeeze me in and take great care of her. This location is one of the few open on Sunday's (again Although pricey...they do an awesome job and you get what you pay for! I've looked into cheaper grooming and the positive reviews compared to negative were not worth me taking my dogs elsewhere!!! Thank you pet smart!!! You guys rock!!!!  treatments and grooming for 5 years and have always received stellar service. We've only just stumbled across our first bad grooming experience this week. After a brief phone call with manager Bobby If this is the kind of person they mean when they say they hire people that care about pets This location is NOT closed. Unfortunately the Banfield hospital located inside the store has closed. "Lisa in grooming is amazing. My furry nightmare licks knots into her hair as soon as it starts getting long and I am awful about taking her in as often as I should thanks to my schedule  close to Wal-Mart when I need to shop there and always seems to have what I need for Peekaboo- my cute little Peekapoo They've got my business." I would not recommend taking any animal you have there as they really do not care  his tail was either broke or dislocated from either being picked up by it or being caught in a cage.  It is slowly getting better I have taken our Labradoodle to several places and this is the best.  She is also super excited when we go and is in a great mood when I pick her up.  Since I have started bringing my dog scheduling has taken longer but I am guessing it's because they have a lot of customers. "Great place to maintain your pet's olympic form. Vets and techs are super-sweet "I really like this vet clinic. I've tried a few others in the area and Blue Cross is by far the standout.  The facility looks very new to me and is impeccably clean.  It has separate entrances and waiting areas for cats and dogs to minimize the trauma Now I'm off to look after my cat who still isn't out of the woods but is 100 times better than she was."  compassionate and very knowledgable. When Mikki was sick this past summer I brought her to see Dr. Ryan and a few days later Dr. Ryan called to follow up on how Mikki was feeling. If you take your pet to Blue Cross you'll be in good hands. The staff is really great too." The doctor was right on their diagnosis and prescribed the correct treatment everytime I visited. Highly recomended.  but I also called ""Alta Vista"" and "" Dog/Cat/Bird Hospital"" and was pleasantly surprised to find out that apart from being rated the best ""Blue Cross"" had the most reasonable prices. I called on Monday and they were booked but after I told them what was going on with my kitty and that we needed to see the doctor as soon as possible I have also taken my dogs in and they were seen by the other vets on staff when Dr. Dutton wasn't available  but does not exorbitantly charge the owner for this high-quality work. I also really liked how the technicians and vet interacted with me as the ""mother"" of my pet (especially because my cat really is like my child). The only reason Blue Cross did not get a 5 star rating was the wait I had picking up my pet after surgery. The vet called to let me know my cat was ready to be picked up  but maybe for your next customer (since I won't be returning) you could offer a bit of compassion for an animal in distress."  I will still come to see Dr. Ryan at BCVC...She's awesome!" "I've been to several vets in town with dogs and cats.  There's definitely some caring and compassionate vets in the area but Blue Cross is my favorite.  Drs. Ryan and Dutton are  both wonderful and the staff is very caring.  We recently found a young stray cat who was in terrible shape.  We tried deperately to nurse the poor little cat back to health but he was too far gone.  Probably a victim of advanced FIV or FLV - Dustin F. and Slapshot...F." I have since moved to Tempe. I will still return time and again to BCVC. I need to make Darby an appt for a dental cleaning right now as a matter of fact."  I did have experience also with Dr. Bennett. Both are great. Having the cat and dog areas separate is also great. Because this vet clinic is so popular  because I just had to know... I called and asked them for an appointment. They told me they could see me. They were not full. They lied to me. Im sorry... I just have to let the cat out of the bag. Pun intended."  though. We called her every day the last week of his life. She always worked to fit us in to her busy schedule (she is popular!) and made sure we understood everything about Duke's condition. The last night he was with us  and the front desk staff has always been sharp and ""on it""."  I'm confident this is the best place to be dealing with it. The staff is friendly to both of us (owners need just as much TLC as pets in these situations) Sorry Blue Cross...burn me once shame on you...burn me twice and shame on me.  I won't be returning.  You have nice vets but there are lots of good vets in the valley that will actually value my time and business." I've referred several friends & colleagues to BCVC and continue to do so."  so that my female pug would have another companion.  Dr. Bennett has been fabulous with both.  She will personally call me to answer any questions/concerns I may have and my pugs adore her.  Anyone looking for a vet who will love and care for their four legged children should schedule an appt with Dr. Bennett.  BTW  excellent service.  Don't treat them like an emergency room and you won't be dissappointed." Had a great experience with BCVC today. My dog was sick so they were able to find a spot for her right away. Short wait and very friendly and knowledgeable staff! Highly recommend to any pet owner!  on one occasion I watched the front desk receptionist make a woman feel guilty because she opted against a recommended treatment due to the cost.  I'm sure the pet owner didn't feel great about the fact she couldn't afford the care - there was no need to make her feel worse.  I've heard this is done at many vets "This is a great place for my ""kids."" Dr. Dutton is very knowledgeable and really spends quality time with both me and my dogs. I never feel like she's trying to pressure me into services or get things that aren't necessary. She also opts for holistic remedies first for certain things. My dog has terrible chronic allergies and she talked to me about diet I plan on taking our two cats here to get shots and get their chips updated and taking Milly Mutt back here for a chip and any checkups/emergencies. Its great to finally have a relationship with a vet in the area."  I turned to the internet and chose one based on Yelp reviews. That's how I ended up at Blue Cross Veterinary Clinic.  Blue Cross is about twenty minutes from my house  the quality of the staff has been going downhill in recent years.  This latest experience has caused us to finally decide to find another vet." I would highly recommend Blue Cross Veterinary Clinic!!"  for not  having either the brains or the common sense to ensure I don't get these little cards to remind me about losing my pet.  I would give them a zero if I could." I had no negative experiences with this clinics until today. I was trying to get a medication called in for my dog and it had been over 7 hours and they still haven't made the simple phone call to a cvs or even to me to check up on him or his medication. I'm so mad. He has been vomiting al day and can't control his bowels and these people can't call in a medication. A five minute phone call that could prevent my dog from being put on an IV due to dehydration. I have brought my dogs here for 18 years! Great location and clean facilities. Lucy likes Dr. Ryan "This place is amazing. I brought my dog in right when they opened without an appointment and they were able to fit me in and get me out of there in time for me to get to work by 9. Riley did so good with her The facilities are well maintained and clean That includes all my cats......."  the vet took them out anyway at no extra charge!! They gave me all the post operation information I needed. They offered on call information.. I can't even describe how above and beyond this place is!! Thank u to all the wonderful staff.. Me and my pup are grateful!!" I will NEVER see that horrible woman again."  Ryan and Mulla are all kind."  WHY then couldn't someone of come in to tell me.  I understanding waiting for a Dr for me but for an older dog  but she immediately eased those feelings and really was compassionate and kind. I would recommend her to everyone." We have been going to this clinic for over 40 years (from when they were located across the street from the current location). Our pets have always been treated with kindness and caring. We have seen all of the vets and they are wonderful. They take the time to explain what is wrong and even follow up with a phone call to see how the animal is doing. I would highly recommend to anyone. I've always felt I could trust them to provide compassionate  then he'd be throwing up! My boyfriend took my dog to a different vet today and they said he had a slipped disc in his neck from playing too much with other dogs. Why wasn't Dr. Stupidcock able to diagnose something like that??? Oh and the total amount I spent yesterday at Palo Verde was: $513.00. If you love your pet and want an honest diagnosis receptionist was very rude and i would never take my pet here! We've used them for dog boarding when we go on vacations. Our dog always appears to be in good health upon arrival. We've used them for many years. I do not want to relive the experience emotionally so I'm keeping this short." w22zbaf5ERGr8jcrzPB1CQ ZGvCIF9zNGr4cctlj0vg9Q I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone. They were VERY impersonal and all they cared about was my money. I'm a person who goes off the vibe I feel when I first walk into a place. If I'm not comfortable there must be a reason. Sure enough  and the team at Palo Verde has done a great job of helping me to manage both sets of issues. Particularly the epileptic dog - Dr. Babcock once even met me at the office at midnight on a Saturday to give me a valium prescription and couldn't have been nicer about it. Another time he took my dog home with him over the weekend to troubleshoot the situation. He is older as other reviewers have mentioned "I so wish I would have read Yelp before taking my dog here. They are horrible !!!  I called when my dog landed wrong on her leg and was limping. When I called I was quoted 66.58 for the exam and 114.00 if xrays were needed. The tech was awful. It appeared as though she has no idea what she was  doing. The doctor examined her pulled extremely hard on her shoulder to get her to yelp. He said she needed xrays. The tech said it was going to be 215.00. I explained to her that I was quoted differently   the doctor decided that my dog should be sedated. They took her to the back and had the rock out in no time. The final bill was (in my opinion) very reasonable and I was very appreciative of their assistance. I will definitely consider them for my dog's future needs/emergencies." Just a great place! Quality veterinary care!  very impersonal! The doctor only cares about money and is rude! I would never ever recommend this place to anyone! If you don't like your job  our little one only had a minor ear infection.   I felt he just wanted to get the money. We had 2 of the horrible days fearing the worst. Avoid this place It's interesting that almost all negative comments on here talk about how they want your money."  & other staff for about 15 years. Through welcoming a new dog to saying goodbye to the old ones "I love them. Dr Babcock is blunt but he's honest. Been going there for years. One of my dogs that I rescued off the elist at the pound acted like her tooth hurt so I took her in be get checked. She needed a dental cleaning that's all but cuz of her probable age we did blood work. I was at the grocery store when he called me personally to tell me her monocytes were really high and that we should run a cocci titer (valley fever). It came back really high. She had no symptoms at all of VF. So we began a year of the ""valley fever cocktail"" terbinifine HbIiJgAcKu_XlHT8Rv1dxQ  but whenever we are there the staff is very friendly and the Dr. is very honest and gentle with my dog. Two paws up for this place!" All around great place." They staff is awesome!  I can get my dogs in the same day if I need to.  They also offer doggie daycare and boarding.  My dogs love going there!  They an acre of grassy area for the dogs to run around in as well as letting the dogs roam around the office during office hours. It's not enough to keep me from there - in fact I think we went there one time after that.  But They know our dog by name & when we see the staff in our neighborhood they always say hello." Doggie day care is AWESOME! Our blue pits need the extra playtime and are good and tired after a full day playing. Another positive - their grooming prices are very reasonable and the staff is super friendly." ps..I thought I might have lost my wedding ring there and they were so concerned when I called. Everybody there is so friendly!"  they are excellent. I recently had to put my cat down after 15 years together. I came home from work to find him unable to move and I called the vet at 4:45. I was so relieved when they told me to come right in with him. Dr. Robbins assisted us with seeing my old boy safely to the Rainbow Bridge. Her words of comfort and a hug afterward meant the world to me. And then a few days later  for over a year now.  They are always helpful and answer all of our questions.  They also have boarding and day care.  If there were ever I time I needed those services  Dr K. recommended that I bring my youngest rescue pup to daycare to help socialize her. She is very rambunctious and also untrusting of strangers. Yesterday was her first day and my fiance and I couldnt believe that our dog was so calm when we picked her up- she was plum tuckered out! She will now be going at least once a week. Thanks so much Deer Creek employees for always taking such good care of my babies! Dixie "I have taken my dog here for extended boarding twice.  Both times he was sick when I picked him up.  The latest illnesses include mange.  If you love your pet  I returned to dcah and they performed another surgery that fixed him up and allowed us to do payments after the $3k + I just spent in other surgeries. Not to mention they knew him by name :)  I have never used them as a daycare  just in case any of their owners happen to read this. It was clear that they didn't want to lose 4 clients versus one by making a decision to not notify the other owners. If my dog instigated an attack  probably because of how he is treated by the doctor and all the staff.  I have been going to Deer Creek Animal Hospital since a friend referred me around 2003 or so.  I am so glad I tried them out.  When I moved to AZ I had two other dogs and they too were very well taken care of there.  Even when it was time for them to go to Doggie Heaven the staff couldn't have been more loving and supportive.  Sam is treated like the Prince he thinks he is :)  I think they have very reasonable prices.  When they moved around the corner to their big beautiful building I was afraid maybe the prices would go up but I still think their prices are good.  The exam and shots (minue rabies) is under $100.  I pay a little more because I have Sam on preventative Heart Worm medicine.  He had heart worm when he was surrendered to the Humane Society.  To the people that have had a bad experience well I'm sorry to hear that.  I agree with the person that said that it could have happened any where.  I just referred a friend and was surprised by the $10 referral bonus that was on my account.  I would recommend Deer Creek to anyone who is looking for a great place to take their loved ones." "I am very happy at Deer Creek for the basic and as needed care of my dogs.  I do use low cost vaccinations from the many organizations around the valley So glad for everything her and her staff does for us. I have referred many of my friends to her and they like them as much as I do." "I have taken all 3 of my dogs and my cat here. I recently had to put my oldest dog down. So difficult to say goodbye after 17 years. The staff at the hospital were compassionate  but this experience made me want to right a review. Our cat got sick suddenly and the news wasn't good. We would have to put her down within hours of bringing her in. The staff was amazing. They sat with her and held her while we dropped our little one off at school and I drove home from work. They made her last momments loving. They hugged us all and we just received a condolence card in the mail.  As long as I'm in PHX  and you certainly won't think about when you dog is literally on their last legs and you don't know if putting them down is the right thing to do. I cannot thank Dr. Higgins and the Staff of Deer Creek Animal Hospital enough for the 12 years of service and care they provided my dog  Dr. Robbins called me to check on me and tell me how sorry she was. That really meant a lot." "The staff is very friendly and you can tell they are animal lovers.  I took my dog here for day care and came back to find her behind the desk with the staff and other dogs.  I had told them to watch for her sore leg.  They did and they noticed her starting to limp and getting overheated so they brought her in We are so glad that we found Deer Creek!" Thanks for taking such great care of our family members!" "We have been taking our (2) dogs there for over 4 years and couldn't be happier. When we pull into the parking lot Staff was very nice and my baby Pumpkin seemed to have enjoyed her stay. Next time I visit my family in Phoenix I will definitely use this facility again. "Excellent docs and groomers.  We have been taking our pets here for a long time.  Even when we had to put one down   and was well cared for all day! Can't wait to take him back for more play time next weekend!" Sketchy Doggie day care. I would advise to look somewhere else if you are looking for your dog to be watched and not involved in negative behavioral socialization. HbIiJgAcKu_XlHT8Rv1dxQ  so why does she need to come in outside of her normal check ups to be seen.  I told the young lady on the phone that this seems to me to be just a way to get another $50 out of me since this is an ongoing issue and it is not going to go away.  The first young lady told me she would check with her supervisor and came back and told me it was a state law that requires a vet to see the animal every year in order to renew prescriptions.  Ok...but I need the medicine now and I work out of town so I can't bring my dog in for an unscheduled appointment on the fly.  She went to get her supervisor...Olivia.  My understanding is that Olivia is the office manager.  Olivia single-handedly tainted the reputation of this organization with a 5-7 minute conversation.  She was flippant and rude.  Told me that it was a state law and I would be asking the vet to do malpractice.  I ask Olivia what the law was and she hemmed and hawed that it was a national law as well.  I have no doubt there is a law out there  Buddy James in for routine check up and grooming. This place is absolutely wonderful. They run on time and always take care of him like there own. I have had issues with groomers in the past which has buddy a little uneasy however they where able to complete his grooming with no problems.  His ears where very badly matted but they shaved him right up as I asked and he looks feels amazing. I would recommend them to anyone !" "Been taking my dog lewis here for past two years. Customer service has always been great. Even when its crazy busy and phones are ringing off the hook None of my four rescue dogs will ever be stepping into this facility again. I hope others in the Phoenix community take my advice as I would never want someone else to have the same experience I did." I do not recommend this place to get any sort of treatment.  But if your looking to pay $350 for just a recommendation to another vet then this is the place."  under veterinary services you will find a tab that reads ""surgery."" Here they state that they offer a full line of surgery service  including the surgery they recommended my dog receive. That doesn't sound like a general practice facility to me. Once again Elke has made a full recovery from her surgery a few months ago and she is back to her old habits.... Can you say dog friendly Starbucks pupachinos anyone? Thanks Dr. Higgins for taking such great care of her!  which I am normally fine with. I'm not ok with the dogs being boarded at DCAH running loose in the back halls. It is extremely loud and my dog is growling at the sound of the dogs the entire time. My dog is already terrified to be at the vet and when they take him to the back he is greeted by a bunch of unfamiliar dogs and this is a sure way to start a fight. This actually almost happened with my dog and it was really upsetting for me as well as my dog. I will give them credit in that they ask if your dog is good with other dogs before they take them back for care They are excellent for boarding and good for vet care. Dr. Higgins (and Robbins before she left) are incredibly kind and have palpable love and compassion for animals. I don't know if this is the best place for certain complicated illness but good for routine vet care. The place is rather chaotic at times and the level of expertise of the staff varies quite a bit. I will be looking for a new vet for my 3 dogs."  in the trauma of it all I can't remember her name). Unfortunately I had my 4 year old daughter with me because it was fall break. The girl 'kept her voice down' so that my daughter didn't hear about what we were talking about. Big thanks for that. I was also blaming myself for what happened to Red I wish there was a negative five stars for Deer Creek "So about a week after I wrote my original review I got a condolence card from this office in which a number of the employees had written a note by hand. I thought this was exceptional. No one sends cards anymore "I am blown away with the love and compassion we were shown by Dr. Rice and the vet techs. After going to several appointments and our 4 year old Boston Terrier being diagnosed with lymphoma and given only a few months to live "Dr. Grant is the BEST!  I have taken my cat ""Angel"" here several times and she is a maniac when they try to treat her.  She is definitely on the naughty list.  However Dr. Grant had/has the most calming energy from the moment he walked in the room.  She was so well behaved.  Even let him look in her mouth without complaint.  He has now become our new best friend.  Thank you Dr. Grant"  the front desk guy calls me back to take responsibility for not keeping my cats chart with her sample. Apparently the lab people at this clinic throw away the samples (bearing the first and last name of their client)  if the front desk boy fails to keep the chart with the sample...   That was the explanation from him...So much for their computers!!!  So my sample was thrown away.  He was apologetic and sorry for my inconvenience but where is the manager in all this?  Thanks for the call but I'm more concerned about the competency and accountability now.  Will there be any growth from this problematic process?? In the end I am so grateful we found them!"  I've been taking my dog to DCAH for over a year and I have to say we (my dog and I) just love it! We try to get him in for daycare every Friday. Since his 1st visit he's always been greeted by name and we've been treated wonderfully by their kind professional staff. He had 1 incident at day care where another dog bit him Love this kennel for my dogs! The price is good and I love that my dog is able to be outside all day with others running around and be able to socialize and play. I hate kennels that are indoors(Petsmart) so this is the only place I will take them for doggy day care or kenneling. Also love that they have an option to send you pictures or updates now as well "Our pups love it at deer creek animal hospital. They go weekly for boarding and the entire staff is so kind and amazing with them. Everyone knows ginger and chance when we walk in. They say ginger gives the best ""hugs"" which tells us she is comfortable at deer creek because she doesn't hug just anyone. We couldn't be happier to find such a friendly and amazing doggie daycare and boarding." Love this place! HUGE backyard play area for the dogs. Love the atmosphere for the dogs to wonder around in the office. Our dog Mochi Ortega isn't very social but loves the people here and the one-on-one attention. "I brought both of my blue nose Pits in due to skin problems. The doctor pushed pills. I changed the food from chicken to fish by suggestion of a former breeder and the skin problem went away. I then brought them back in again for a completely different skin problem between their toes and again pills were pushed. I was given a week of antibiotics a small when this didn't work they suggested a month of antibiotics. Here we are the antibiotics are finished and yet again my pit Bulls rash is still not gone aND I'm expected to pay again for an exam to find out why the Doctors orders didn't work. I can't seem to figure out why I am responsible for paying for this companies research and the detrimental effects that taking antibiotics for such a long Stent can have on their immune system in the future. This is by far the worst animal hospital I have been to and their lack of respect and communication is astounding. I will never return here again and I hope that anyone with a serious issue never brings their dog in. They are parrots. They use the same treatment for every issue for every breed. I'll also give the same review all of the previous 5 stars gave. The front desk staff is great. They saw me right away and took care of us and love the dogs. The Vet and the upper management are the issue. They are disrespectful "Deer Creek Animal Hospital is one of the best veterinary offices I have been too. I have been taking my babies there since before middle school and have received care  and would recommend to someone is looking for for these qualities Highly recommended for your puppy dog."  which gives me some peace of mind that my dogs won't come home with some strange sickness.  The staff here is so very friendly and they love our dogs and always give us a report of how they behaved and if there were any issues.  We are very lucky we found this place and we will be bringing our dogs here as long as they are around!"  but his kryptonite is other dogs; all his manners go out the window and he just barks and jumps and wants to play with his 4-legged friends.  I took him to Boulder Falls today to get him shaved down due to lots of shedding. This was the first time I had used a dog groomer.  I was pretty nervous that he was going to be out of control for the groomer and he would come back 1/2 shaved  but that's minor compared to great service and attention he receives and they've been very flexible when we need to drop off earlier than 8:30."  well fed and the staff even shared some stories about what they'd been up to." The humans are great to me. And my canine buddies and I have a blast. I can't wait until my owners go on their next trip! We have taken our dog Chip to Boulder Falls for 3 years now! We love this place. The staff is always super friendly and knows my dogs name from the second we walk in. It is almost embarrassing for me to see Chip get so excited when we pull into the parking lot (you would think he wasn't spoiled at home!). We trust Boulder Falls every time we go out of town -just for a night or 3 week vacation! It is also very handy to have your dog groomed while you are away with their in home pet groomer! Highly recommend to anyone who loves their pet! We recommend bringing your pet to Boulder Falls!"  LOVE this place and so do my dogs!  Great facility and super friendly staff.  I have been taking my dogs there for about 3.5 years and I highly recommend them!" We'll be back at Boulder Falls whenever we go away." "Great place for pets - my dog loves it. My only suggestion would be to extend their hours. For us working folks  I was very nervous.  I even called them during his stay to ask about him. I didn't get the standard ""he's fine"" response.  What I got was an in-depth conversation with the staff about details of my dogs behavior during his stay.  Only someone who was really paying attention to my dog and actually playing with him would have been able to tell me these details about how he plays and behaves due to some of his fun and quirky behaviors. When I drop any or all of the dogs off  eating and pooping.  An extra plus is that we can schedule an exit bath or a full-on grooming session (also extra fees for these) on check-out day so that Elli is sweet smelling when we get her home again." I have to only give it four starts though because I agree one one writer...not much of a selection of items!"  I'll still be back for pet basic needs Bottom line - go somewhere private. They will treat your dog a hundred times better and with more professional care."  it doesn't take long for another employee to open up another line to speed up the check-out experience AND they usually show up on their own Rude staff. Inhumane servants. Terrible experience for my dog." We were pleasantly surprised at the size of the discount our PetPerks card gave us. This made the cost very reasonable. With a service like this available Please also note the scissors and hand held tools groomers use are sharp and your pet being viewed through public windows is not wise.  Understand that grooming dogs in cubicles surrounding the grooming table and offerring privacy to your pet is MUCH easier on them. The reason other grooming shops do not want YOU or the general public visible to your pet being groomed is it usually upsets the pet. Close the windows  The store did pay for the vet visit and pain medication for my dog - it would have been ridiculous had they not - but how can they continue to use unsafe crates? And is their  policy to simply ignore dogs who are freaking out and may be hurting themselves in these unsafe crates?" "Horrible care. The staff knows the wire mesh crates hurt pet's paws on multiple occassions It's close and convient so we'll go back.  Since we don't use them for grooming or vet care  so we have to shop at PetSmart. I both love and hate PetSmart. I love it because it's easy to navigate and I can get in and out rather quickly. I love that I can also browse and take my time because there are so many different things to look at. I love looking at the birds "Horrible service!!! Don't ask for them to quote you a price before your grooming service. They will quote you low and then give you the ""but once you get here the groomer will let you know what it will be for sure"".... Once I arrived they originally quoted me $47 and the groomer said NO its going to be $83.... ? Never will I take my pets here again!!!!!!" Pretty bummed. My dog has been using petsmart for everything.  We use Banfield.  She's loved doggy daycare. She occasionally needs a professional bath and nails trimmed. I picked her up last night she was still wet! Luckily it's hot out. She has matts in her hair! Her nails are not trimmed. I asked she said she did them. Not at all. What a waste! I now need to find a new groomer in fear this happens again.  I think she was in a rush! Regardless I paid full price and not sure what I paid for! We love that this place is right around the corner. We only buy our dog's food here. Their prices are pretty standard. It is a very clean and organized store. There never seems to be many employees around to help or ask questions though. If you do find someone they usually aren't very knowledgeable.  which I'm a little less enthusiastic about. I can't speak to other locations Pet smart does great job with my  English bulldog I take him  there  5 days week if I go out town he stays there.  Thanks PetSmart  the customer service in there is horrible. Nobody working in there looks like they like there job  :( makes it difficult to want leave your animals with them. Anyway... My German Shepherd was supposed to have a bath My checkout attendent Danielle was rude & unhelpful. The engraving machine is cool though. We love this Banfield Hospital. Dr. Lemus is amazing and our fur babies adore her. We are so grateful for her caring demeanor and attention to detail. "Today I watched as a 6-7lb dog was treated horribly while being groomed. I told one of the employees that the man needed to be talked to immediately. The little dog was screaming in pain and terrified !!! The ""groomer"" was whacking the dog's legs so that he kept falling over. Why ? Because the dog was hurt and trying to get away ? It's not like the dog is happy to be there in the first place but to be abused is disgusting. Shame on you PetSmart !!! If you know who brought their dog in to be groomed at the Shea & Tatum location on July 1st  and matting his fur. It has yet to heal and it has been over a month now since his appointment. We are taking him to the vet and he may have to have surgery in order to correct this mistake." "The hotel is horrendous. I was there in September and never again! My dog got ticks while there and came home with a urinary track infection from not being taken out enough to go to the bathroom. Beware people I have English bulldog he goes doggie day 5 days week I like there they do great job I hate when people talk shit about business when you don't now whole story 2 sides story I own limo company in Vegas  75 CARS ONE BIGGEST I here so much  talk about my business everyweek end all cars out pick people great employees  and I own drywall company in Scottsdale 85 employees people talk a lot bs "My fish were dying and I didn't know why. I came in late and frantic and Max from the fish department knew everything. He saved my fish and saved me money. I am now a loyal customer and so thankful to pets mart for having such knowledgeable A letter to Petsmart pointing out their error and asking for reimbursement of the $75 was not responded to. Hence this *glowing* review of their knowledge of cat anatomy. This review can only be removed upon reimbursement of that $75." DEFINITELY NEVER COMING BACK!!!!!!!!"  I just witness a groomer having no patience with a dog she was grooming.  I stopped and stared after seeing her expression and how she was handing the large black poodle.  I asked for Manager but not in today .  Please drop in or have someone witness dog getting groomed.  Bad day or not "Very unhappy with the way we and our dog were treated today. We went in for what was supposed to be a quick nail grinding for front paws only for our well tempered short haired 10 pound dog.. They asked if we would like him to be shampooed and we replied 'not if there is a wait'. They assured us there would be no wait as they could get them right in. We emphasized that we did not want him in a cage for an hour. They said they understood . After 2 hours our dog was still not ready. After speaking to the manager and expressing how unhappy we were with the time it took for the dog's bath  and continued to let me believe she was healthy when she needed medical attention! They need to be much more thorough and attentive with the animals that we The downside is that the staff can be a bit disorganized."  they no longer take debit or credit cards as the bank fees have gotten too high for this small business. Cash or check only." "I have been taking my german shepherd rescue to Lorelle at the Critter Corral for years now.  Being a rescue she can be quite skittish when she is around strange people or other dogs but Lorelle is amazing with her and does everything she can to make her comfortable.  Additionally  and the lovely groomers who work their own tails off.  Very professional.  Tina groomed Max so cute that he knew it and was strutting his stuff when we got home!  Excellent shop!" dlqQuSgAjoP_S6bqFrRsvA  and she does an excellent job taking care of our dog. When are dog gets there  which will make it so much easier for me to keep up with the at home brushing. He even had a cute little bandana on when we went home; which I left on for the day because he looked so dang cute in it! The price was also beyond reasonable! Highly recommend the ladies of the Critter Corral to your fur babies I love this place and they were so great with my cat. I wanted her to be groomed like a lion and they did an awesome job. I will be a returning customer! "I am so happy to be able to take my big guy here to be groomed. He is 150 pounds of hot mess.(He is a Newfoundland) When I bring him in its because I haven't done what I should be doing on a daily basis like  brushing and he's all tangled up and he comes back looking amazing! Laurel is great with him and really makes sure to not stress him out and always goes above and beyond my expectations. I also like the fact that they don't throw him in a cage I've taken my pup Itchi here twice now and each time he's come home so happy! The gals are all very down to earth and friendly. Tina is my go-to she's pretty much the raddest lady ever and she actually listens to what I want unlike most groomers. Itchi always looks stinkin adorable an the prices are beyond fair. All around great business!!! "I have two Shih Tzu's and a Golden Retriever I take here and I have never been happier to get my dogs groomed! I've been to many places before and never trusted the staff and quality of service as much as I do here. Terri is fabulous with my dogs and I can always get an appointment within the timeframe I need. Their salon is very warm and the staff greet you promptly upon arriving. I like the quiet and friendly atmosphere as my dogs tend to be skiddish when I take them to public places and this is the only place I can tell they don't get shaken up by going to. They have adorable little cubbies right in the front where they do hair cuts where the little dogs can sit in comfortably so it's not metal cages your dogs are getting shoved into. Not to mention Terri's pricing Terri is so great with my Cocker Spaniel and he comes out looking so handsome and well shaved for the Arizona heat.  The detailed work is awesome!" Our dog Zoey loves it here. She always looks great after. Very easy to get an appointment.  but it was obvious I needed help. I saw the reviews on Critter Corral after doing an exhaustive search and rolled the dice. I'm so glad I did!! My hyper dog but easy groomer came back clean and happy. My high anxiety dog came back almost calm (that's a feat!)  when I picked him up he was NOT in a cage and he had a cute little handkerchief around his neck! They treated him like family "All the ladies here are super nice and took great care of my pugs "Best groomer around!  We have tried 4 and they are the Best!!!  Thank you Terry  but somehow they manage to calm him down. He comes home looking like a handsome little man! He smells great and is extra soft. They also give him a cute little bandana around his neck :) I really love that they can handle him without hurting him and they do such a good job. Keep up the great work Tina!"  caring vet and so well versed on different breeds and canine behavior. He would always take the time to educate about health issues to look out for and give tips on raising a puppy.   My dog loves him- would give him a big smooch even after Dr. I gave him a shot!  The vet techs are great too and the fees always fair." "I took my chinchilla here today for a checkup and saw Dr. Ingram. He was very kind and gentle with my little guy and was very thorough. He told me I shouldn't waste my money on unnecessary steps and that if I liked They have earned our loyalty and we will be happy to call on All Creatures Animal Hospital  but he handled it in a way that was compassionate yet factual.   His vet tech was also incredibly nice and competent.  Prices were reasonable.  I'll be bringing all my animals here for their medical needs from now on." "I recently switched over to this clinic and the service has been wonderful.  I brought both of my dogs to Dr. Roberts and he had great customer service and diagnosed the issues right away.  Also sec9mmmO16YoA_2_ZBMLXg You will not be disappointed in Dr. Roberts care of your animal.  Check them out they are worth it." I just received a thank you letter in the mail from all Creatures Animal hospital :) I took the love of my life (my dog)  there a week ago for an emergency visit. They were able to get him right in. The animal hospital is very clean and spacious. I was greeted by a friendly staff and soon after taken in to the exam room. The vet was nice and knowledgeable. I felt like he really cared and the treatment really help my dog. I am very happy I found this hospital and have recommended All Creatures Animal Hospital to all my friends and family. Dr. Roberts and his staff at All Creatures were absolutely amazing. I will for sure be going back and recommending them to anyone and everyone that asks." "I've taken my two French Bulldogs to Dr. Roberts for the past year & couldn't be happier.  The office as a whole is a great environment & the staff is caring & compassionate.  This is the 3rd vet I've seen & have many more much closer & convenient to me  this is the place! I cannot say enough about the professionalism of each and every staff member.. Everyone is so nice and Dr Roberts is amazing. My dog also is a bit shy of people and he is just wonderful with him. The place I went when I first moved to the area was supposedly one of the best and I only found them to be rude and quite snotty. I am so glad I tried All Creatures because I will go nowhere else!"  his weight was starting to become a concern and Dr. Roberts was right on it... My little guy was 13 lbs; today he is down to 8.4 lbs and has been seizure free for more than 2 years.  I am very pleased with how happy and healthy my little angel is today.... A BIG thank you to Dr. Roberts for having such a compassionate heart for my little guy and understanding how much he means to me!" All Creatures Animal Clinic will definitely receive our business when we bring our new member of the family home and we will continue to come here for all of our current kitty's needs!" This is such a great vet's office! They are always super friendly and sweet to my kitties. When there was a heart worm scare for cats in the area they even offered free testing. If you are looking for a caring and emphatic doctor for your animal and an awesome staff (front end and back end) to go with it without burning a hole in your wallet All Creatures is definitely the place to go!" "I have been taking my parrot here for about 5 years. They are not always the fastest with wait times but they do spend a good amount of time with the animals and owners. My parrot behaves very well here Dr. Bob is a wonderful veterinarian. He is thorough and never in a rush - spending as much time as is needed to answer my questions. He is so kind and gentle with my dog. I am so glad we found your office. Everyone on the staff is a pleasure to deal with. I have and will continue to recommend your office to others.  the front desk staff have been consistently friendly and responsive.  Dr. Ingram and all the docs are patient with all my questions and provide informative thoughtful responses. They never up sell - they always offer the range of options and then usually recommend the most conservative treatment depending on the potential severity of the issue.  I highly recommend All Creatures Animal Clinic!" This clinic has been in my family for 20 years .. All our pets go here. The vets are wonderful... Had to wait a bit yesterday but that was because I called them and told them I was driving there with my dog and needed to be fit in. Dr Ingram and dr Bob are great  who is very wary of new people and the staff here is very patient with her." Wonderful people who truly care about animals!" YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST!!!" I was not that impressed.  Had to wait a lot. I don't think the tech was a dog lover at all and the vet I went to in my opinion seemed a little full of himself.  I wasn't feeling a friendly vibe there.  and on time!  I love Dr. Bob- I think he is a great vet who takes his time and really loves the animals.  He is very patient with the pets and people!"  relaxed and knowledgeable in his chosen career.   I will continue to use this clinic.  They have earned my trust." sec9mmmO16YoA_2_ZBMLXg I'm so surprised by the couple of negative reviews here. I've never waited more than10 minutes and always felt like the vet gave us the time we needed." "Don't listen to ""Nitti L""! This is simply the best vet in town. Our animals have been seen by I think every doctor here at this point and they are all fantastic. They are thorough and genuinely care about you and your animals. They are compassionate and intelligent. At times we have walked in with no appointment at all with a sick animal and have never been turned away. The other day I arrived with two cats instead of one and they fit us in. They even know the animals by name. Highly recommended!!" Nice friendly neighborhood vet. Kept everything simplistic just like our former animal hospital/vet in Chicago. Clean. Responsive. Provided easy care instructions for our dog. Overall just right He also seemed much more updated about medications.  My dogs are 14 so I have been to many vets and I rank Dr. Ingram as one of the two best!  I highly recommend this clinic."  for both my greyhounds and bunnies. They are very caring and professional to animals and humans alike. I highly recommend them!" "Dr. Ingram has taken care of my two little Havanese girls for years.  I moved to CA and upon my return I felt so welcomed back!  I brought them in for rabies shots and one became quite ill.  We subsequently figured out it was due to something she picked up at the groomer  on one instance we saw another vet here and he was great too.  Highly "I've been coming to this animal clinic for over 15 years. It all started with the search for a bird specialist. My parakeet became ill and Dr. Ingram healed her back to health. Over the years I've brought in mainly dogs and all my experiences have been wonderful. The doctors never make me feel rushed and take their time answering my many questions in detail. The last two times I brought my schnauzer mix to see Dr. Bob and I couldn't be happier with his care and expertise. I've referred family and friends to this clinic and they were pleased as well. Thanks All Creatures I've recommended this facility to a couple of my clients (I'm a dog trainer) Gotta say I'm a vet skeptic. This place has never failed to make me feel like I was not getting ripped off even a little bit. Very trust worthy. "We've been going here for years - seen several doctors  and we have enjoyed great experiences from Day One. I highly recommend them and am very glad our neighbors recommended we give them a try. I wouldn't go anywhere else. Front desk staff is always friendly "Absolutely love this office.  Everyone is caring for our cat (Kunu) and his condition has been explained very well and options provided (shots  or expensive treatments.  This characteristic puts them ahead of most other vets who are only in it for the money.  I cannot say enough good things about them.  I will not take my animals anywhere else and highly recommend them to everyone!" Been to many animal hospitals. This is the best in every aspect. I trust them completely. Dr. Bob and Dr. Ingram are both incredible. Thank you for always taking good care of my girls:)"  efficient and professional. Dr. Ingram and Dr. Bob are top notch and the entire staff deliver exceptinal care in their treatment. My dogs actually love coming in! I would never consider going anywhere else. Thank you All Creatures!!!" We were skeptical having to go to a new veterinarian but we were concerned that our cat was too thin and wanted to get him checked out... so after reading all the great reviews on YELP we made an appointment at All Creatures and Dr. Roberts was amazing. Very caring and treated our Tango as if he was his own. In the past we have been to veterinarians that always pushed for blood work even for just a check up to make money but not Dr. Roberts he told us our young cat was perfectly healthy and a good specimen of what a cat should look like. Even the tech asked a lot of questions about his lifestyle and eating habbits beforehand. Overall the whole staff was great  and the prices are extremely reasonable. We are pleased to have found our new animal hospital. sec9mmmO16YoA_2_ZBMLXg I love both the vets that I have had my dog see. The front desk and vet techs are very nice too! My dog had kennel cough she got from a dog park and is now feeling way better! The vets are very knowledgeable and you can tell they love our furry friends :) I would totally recommend  them to anyone looking for a good vet. I've been a client of All Creatures for almost 18 years. It is a wonderful clinic and I have complete trust in the staff and doctors. This practice really gets it! Fits our personalities & our Lloretta has no issues either. When a minor medical treatment is needed it works without any side effects.  after our pet had already reached kidney failure.  When we went to another Vet for an Ultrasound Dr Ingram requested this 2nd opinion told us immediately they could smell kidney failure on Sophie's breath. Deer Creek Animal Hospital told us after a brief exam that there was no need for additional testing.  We decided it best to put our Soph out of her misery.  Dr Ingram refuses any refund.  Our future puppy and our Cats will stay clear of this facility." Will definitely be back."  and from now on will only use All Creatures.   I have been to many vets and specialists but All Creatures has been the best. Office and wait rooms were clean.   Wait time was also minimal.   Didn't even have to muzzle my Saint.  She liked Dr. Bob immediately  but this office also takes emergencies (I know because I have had several emergencies throughout the years).  I rarely have a long wait but some times they get slammed.  That is what you get when you go to a practice that cares"  compassionate and very organized! If you are looking for a honest and competent vet this is the place for you! We were so blessed to find this clinic!" I've been going to All Creatures for over 2 years. They are spectacular. I've mostly worked with Dr. Roberts but the other doctors are great also. Dr. Roberts takes the time to talk through all of my concerns and makes sure my pet's health is a top priority. My dog actually enjoys going to the vet because everyone in the office is so friendly. They clearly love what they do. "This past week I began a search for a vet closer to home and I stopped into All Creatures. The woman at the front desk was so welcoming and took the time to answer my questions I felt very comfortable and listened to. If the doctors are as engaged as the front office staff  All Creatures is worth the drive!" We trust them with our family - you can too." My family and I love Dr. Ingram and his wonderful staff and All Creatures!!! Thank you all for saving my boy's life not once...but 3 times! I didn't mean to write such a long review but they deserve nothing less." ANYWHO... I am so happy I found All Creatures and will continue to take both of my pupps to him. The staff has also always been polite and helpful. I will recommend them to any and everyone!"  cool vibe. We took in our Guinea Pig and she was well taken care of and turned out OK. The doctor was thoroughly and explained to us what was going on . Highly recommend this animal hospital." Great availability and friendly too. I highly recommend them" My husband and I were very impressed with Dr. Bob and the staff. All were very friendly and professional and took great care of our little pup. They also didn't charge us outrageous prices and didn't make me feel like the worst human being on the planet for not brushing my dogs teeth daily.  and has always been patient with my questions. I have now adopted a Yorkie from the rescue I volunteered with and Dr Roberts found two issues that the rescue vet missed. There is no other place I would trust with Peanut's care. I know the other doctors are good  Great GREAT!!!! I was looking for a new Vet and couldn't be happier! Very professional "We recently visited All Creatures after our cat tore a few knee ligaments.  Dr. Ingram was so kind and gentle with our big guy  and there is no reason for me to switch to another vet... even though I've moved another 20 minutes further away... I'll still drive to come see Dr. Bob; he's the best." I highly recommend them!" Excellent service! They really care about the animals and their clients. I am so happy with the treatment my dog got. He feels better already! $30-40 in medications" I brought my dog here because he had a huge lump growing on the inside of his leg so they took a sample and found out it was cancer. I decided to go through with the surgery to get it removed. They took such amazing care of my baby and he healed up perfectly! The staff is so nice and caring. Thank you for taking sweet care of my boy!  but we've seen the others when we needed to get in quick and everyone has always been pleasant and knowledgeable. It's uncommon to have a GREAT experience with everyone you speak to in most businesses/doctors offices- but here it's the norm. Great techs These people know what they're doing...  Talk about a perfect blend - - you've got professionalism Love All Creatures. Would not take our pets anywhere else. Staff is always pleasant and does a great job with scheduling. Never feel rushed or put on the spot for extra treatments that aren't necessary. Even when living in surprise would drive to see Dr Ingram. Have and will continue to recommend their office. An added bonus. All Creatures is right next door to a good dog groomer and a great breakfast spot "Honest in treatment plans and medical situation. My street urchin adopted boy cat (3yo) has had ongoing treatments for gingivitis in which pulling his teeth was the final treatment.  We exhausted other options prior to this measure.  Dr. Bob took the extra care to educate us on the intricacies of the surgery and advise us to request when making the appointment that we state he should have dedicated surgery day.  Dealing with a vet who cares enough to not stack surgeries shows a genuine care for the pet over practice revenue.  Surgery was a success and after sad snuggle time at home  I am SO happy she did. They are so friendly and the prices are beyond reasonable!! I recommend them all the time and have never had anyone be disappointed!!"  they are real and compassionate people that do whatever's best for our pets. We have had pets and vets our whole lives and won't be going anywhere else. Don't hesitate to give this team a shot - you will not regret it." "If you are checking this place out and wondering if the five star review for this place is legit:  it is.  They do a fantastic job here and while I cant speak for the other vets "I was really nervous bringing my animal to the vet. Partly because she's exotic and partly because your animals are your family and it's hard to trust their safety in someone else's hands. The staff  and our recent adopted Lab became a patient as well. Dr. Bob always takes his time and answers all of our questions thoroughly. He also gets to know both of the dogs  since they did remind me via voicemail the day prior. We will be bringing our two Yorkies back for there check ups and other concerns as they come up." We've been taking both of our dogs here for several years and all of the veterinarians are outstanding. Whether it's a routine/scheduled appt or an unplanned visit our dogs are well taken care of.  always get down on the ground at the animals level and give them bones and hugs to make the experience not quite so scary! We strongly recommend All Creatures Animal Clinic and trust them with our own dogs as well as all of our rescues. Thanks Dr. Ingraham and team for doing such a great job and being a supporter of the rescue community!" sec9mmmO16YoA_2_ZBMLXg "I moved to PHX last October from Los Angeles and have to admit that I was worried about finding a vet that compared to the one I had in LA (I drove over 30 miles one way for this vet because he was the only Dr. I could find that wasn't all about the $$ but actually about the pets!).  Well OH...BUT IM NOT DONE YET..... I took him to my work to show everyone the new ""do"" and when he rolled over..his undercarrage was wayyyy uneven.   Nobody can really see it so I'm like...whatever today sucked I'm not going to worry about it... and then everyone asks why his tail is so uneven...and then my friend is petting his fur around the neck and asks why he has a dreadlock.  For real guys??  You didn't even brush him out??   I use to tell everyone how great this place was. Sadly  we didn't want the traditional schnauzer face so I was worried about that too. When I picked her up she looked PERFECT!! They really did a great job listening to what we wanted and making it so! She was sent home with a cute pink bandana  and could hear her screaming... I evened asked the retail clerk if this guy ever worked with small dogs.... 30 minutes later... she came out completely chopped up! Nothing about her cut was even and she was completely shaking. Bows would not stay on because her cut was so choppy and you could tell that she was never blown out! The guy must have seen my face as he said he wouldn't charge me. .. but he did say it was ""her fault"" because she moved a bit!! I am so ticked off as the only thing the manager said to me was that I was the only one who's ever complained about him! ...SERIOUSLY?!?! NEVER TAKE YOUR DOG TO GET GROOMED AT PETCO (unless you like the scruffy mutt look)... I am so regretting this choice. The worst part about the whole thing... nobody there ever offered an apology... just a whole bunch of excuses. =(" i went in to get a new collar and a jolly ball. i kept wandering around trying to find the jollyball but couldn't and  NO ONE would help. so i bought the collar and left. so frustrating. you can't ever get customer service in this store Have been taking my dogs to the Petco near 59th and the Loop 101 but tried this one after moving to PHX...So far pretty disappointing. understaffed and told my dog would be ready to be picked up from groomer at 430 (3 hours after drop off).. well now the dog wont be ready until 530..i hope.. Lets see how it goes. considering other reviews I will be going to a new groomer most likely. CocqwthuLO8P1_m0Dr7PVg  I don't appreciate being outsourced to the Philippines to express concerns here in the United States.  Petco and Stephan would do well to remember the retail adage  but not anymore. I took them in one morning and the new staffer said she could not trim them as she was pregnant and there was no one else coming in to groom until 11 (not great staffing I hope she also understands how heartbreaking it is to buckle a crying kid into a carseat.       Bummer :("  but the staff was very unfriendly at this location. I won't be back to this store. Metro Center is much better!"  they seem like they don't want to work there. They also said I had to print off a coupon that I got from doing surveys for Petco. I have received over 6 of these before and never had a problem redeeming in store. After I said that I would just go elsewhere to get the supplies  I continued to seek their care even after I moved such a distance away that it wasn't convenient for me to get to because I valued their care and services so much. I just cannot say enough about how great I think the doctors and staff at Amigo are to their patients!"  Dr. Jensen did an amazing meticulous job and after sending the mass in we got the great news that it was not cancer. The caring staff at Amigo Animal Clinic made the stressful situation much easier and were fabulous from diagnosis to recovery. I give them the highest recommendation and know if your furry family members want the best care you cannot go wrong with their team!" Our puppy got parvo and thank God for Dr. Jensen and the staff little Jax is well and back to normal. I recommend Amigo Animal Clinic to everyone out there looking for a good veterinarian to care for their pets. I took my little 3 1/2 lbs chihuahua to get 6 teeth pulled and was very happy with the service. The staff is friendly and caring and Dr. Rose was awesome.  and he never makes you feel like a bad pet parent for considering not doing a procedure. His honest is unwavering - he'll tell you what's really necessary and why. If you're worried about your pet Great Vet - very personal and caring about your pet from Dr's to staff.  remembers my dog...  The staff is awesome as well and very accommodating." PV Animal Hospital will receive my family's support and recommendation until the day we loose all common sense and cease being pet owners."  prices are great (they don't charge an office visit when your pet gets shots and you get a check-up).  Only complaint I have is that when my pet has gotten sick it can be tricky to get in.  But otherwise  friendly staff and reasonable prices." "The Best! I live near Arrowhead Mall and come ALL the way out to see Dr. Karl Weinacker. Would never go anywhere else. Very friendly staff I can't recommend this clinic highly enough." Dr. Weinacker is unbelievable with my dogs. He is such a fantastic vet and very knowledgeable. My current dogs LOVE him.  I had a dog who had neurological problems and he dealt with her very compassionately and gave amazing referrals and recommendations. I ended up having to put her down as a 4 year old back in 2005 as her condition was deteriorating and the staff couldn't have been kinder about letting me stay in the room with her afterwards for as long as I needed. I was sobbing like a baby of course but the entire staff was so kind and comforting. "We have 4 dogs and a cat and it takes a lot to make my wife happy especially when it comes to her babies.  Dr. Kastner and Dr. W. are both great veterinarians and good people. The staff is awesome and we refer our family and friends all the time. They know us and our babies by name and provide old fashioned customer service. We have been to other vets and they are OK but this place is awesome! Great service  and comprehensive care was better than other vets claimed to offer. I can not believe this place doesn't have more reviews! The Dr was so sweet to my dog Will not be going here again :(" Great vet...not. I highly do not recommend this place they have not a clue what they are doing." I have taken my animals to Dr Kasner and Weinacker since 1993.They have both been good vets for my dogs .We have sent several people to paradise valley and they love the  it there too.They have always taken extra time with my animals .We have to drive far to see them but its worth it . Took excellent care of my baby when I brought her in for a wellness checkup post adoption from MCACC.  our animals live very long and happy lives- we have a lot of babies- we used someone else for a dental when they were booked- up - and we were very sorry we did cause that baby would still be with us if she had been under the care of PV staff and Dr Kastner"  can't wait until Tuesday! I thanked her and found a different vet to go to...PV animal Hospital just lost a new good client. Not sure their vets would like to hear that. I'm very disappointed in them." "I take my two puppies : shetland sheepdog and cairn terrier/poodle mix whenever we go away for a few days or need to get some shots. they are reliable  but man is Robert wonderful! My cat won't event let me brush her  friendly knowledgeable staff and Doctors.  Maybe a bit pricy but not terribly so.  For the quality and concern  which is not often found at the vet offices located at the large retail pet stores.  I have been taking my pets to Stonecrest for over a dozen years because of the family atmosphere." CgsyxTZXPuxeIZKQIWmOKQ Greatest clinic I have found. The staff is great. They take wonderful care of my baby everytime. I highly recommend them." "I've brought multiple pets to Stonecrest over the last 17 years and I can honestly say I have never been disappointed in the care that my animals have received.  The doctor's are thorough and truly seem to care about my dogs and their well-being.  The staff is very friendly We have been taking our dogs to Stonecrest since we rescued them. The staff is extremely friendly and gentle with your pets. The Docs are great. They explain everything and ask more than what is needed for the visit. Very thorough and in-depth when it comes to your pets health. 20 years of great service completely lost with one bad Dr." The staff at stonecrest and dr Conway were genuinely concerned about the care of my bull terrier. She was very ill due to swallowing foreign material. It's been my experience that some vets just want to make the most money they can out of people's pets and do not provide the best treatment options but this was NOT the case with stonecrest. Everyone was very helpful on all levels and my dog is doing EXCELLENT only a day later. They went above and beyond and called to follow up on how my dog was doing. Thank you stonecrest!!  didnt push any long term expenses but did notify of paw plans which are a good deal.  Werent overly busy and had plenty of time to talk and explain" 