 and well stocked. Each section nicely marked making it easy to find what you need and fast. If you can't find it there were several employees available to help out. Prices were reasonable ***** Bring cash to tip. Petco's card machine doesn't give an option to add gratuity or get cash back. So we walked to PNC because she was worth it." "I had my dog groomed there today by Jess and he came out silky smooth  and very clean and it was only 2 hours and the price was 42 bucks! Can't beat that   and make suggestions about how to groom her.  She went from being afraid of the groomer to loving it!  Highly recommend the grooming a services here." This is the best Petco with the best groomers. Misty is our groomer and my dog Cowboy absolutely loves her.  She does a fantastic job and anytime we mention to Cowboy that he is going to the groomer to see Misty he gets so excited and jumps in the car.  Cowboy knows her as Aunt Misty and I highly recommend her as a groomer.  Awesome!!!  We have now been going there for over four years Took Luna for her check up at the Banfield in Petsmart. The staff was wonderful and informative. They answered all of our questions. You could tell that the staff genuinely love working with animals. The Petsmart store itself was really clean and all the employees I encountered were polite and attentive. I wish the Petsmart near my house was just like this one. Too bad for me. But good for this store. 5 stars for you! I love that I can take my animals in the store. the staff has always been very attentive and friendly"  a tag engraving station so that I would make one with my name and phone number. For $8.00 Overpriced but they do have a good selection of pet food. Use your head if you go to this store and only buy what you can't find elsewhere. We spotted a litter scoop at Target for 1/4 the price they were selling it here. They did match the price.  ""hey I think your fish gave our tank ick"" the employee responded with ""probably we found ick in one of our tanks and there's one fileter for all our tanks"" I could not believe it. Why would you knowingly sell someone sick fish? They wouldn't even refund our money for the fish we had bought. If you ask me they should have payed for the rest of the fish they killed and the two bottles of medicine too! We will never go back."  I wouldn't go anywhere else. The staff is so nice and knowledgeable They have a great selection and the staff is usually pretty knowledgeable.  We have a lot of different animals and it is nice to have a one stop shop!  the store itself is decent with an excellent selection of food and toys." "I wouldn't even put a star. We bought fish from them and asked their ""fish specialist"" if the fish we selected will get along. Of course she said yes. We have had our fish now for 3 weeks and one is obviously get attacked by another fish! Well petsmart thanks for that! Tetras are aggressive fish and attack others. Maybe they should teach their employees what they r talking about! No way am i going back to them! So uneducated and to top it off the woman that helped us made it seem like we bothering her!  Get it together petsmart! Ur losing customers!" Not sure If you will be seeing much more of me and my Bully anytime soon coming back in here."  where as the guy at PetSmart told me to just leave it be because all water has to go through its cycle and if I do that large of a water change I would just be screwing myself over and making it take longer. He told me to bring my water in to get tested and we could go from there. I brought my water in and it was fine. He told me about some different fish and which ones would be good to start the tank because they are sturdier and more likely to make it through the cycle. He also sold me a little plant that feeds off of the bad bacteria in the tank. This was about three weeks ago. My fish are still doing fine  but why the hell would I adopt a cat without even haven seen it walk around or be able touch it at all. If this is really how your policy works then It's a really stupid model. If they had just let us take her out for a minute to make sure she was healthy and a nice fit for us When I can shop at Wag N Wash I do. I know this is the Wal Mart of pet stores. I wasn't greeted or offered any help by any one. The cashier was initially friendly and insisted I get a Pet Smart card. I declined. She kept persisting saying how I could save fifty cents today even. Seriously. Two quarters. Wow. She seemed real put off by my decision. I may have  have my dogs coming out shiny and glossy -  wish my own hair looked this good.  The groomers all seem to like their jobs and are really into what they do.  Every time my dogs get groomed here they get compliments  from every one that sees them." _y7fd5kvoD0bVc6sgOoEGA I know my cat is a total freak but I can't shave her ass myself I have found that some of the items here are a tad pricier than the Target/Walmarts but they do have a bigger selection.  But I often find myself coming here if not in the mood to brave either location." "What can I say? Reliably stocked. I can run in with the kids (four-legged kids) and not have issues.  Good selection(s) of food  which means she's paying attention to my pup's needs. I discuss what's going on with my dog before the groom and Crystal makes awesome suggestions regarding whatever needs my dog has (i.e.. more conditioning in the winter  although I would love to see something more communal and less profit-based in the downtown Phoenix vicinity. Definitely go when they're having their sales; the prices for dog toys had been marked from $7-9 bucks per toy down to $2-4 bucks this is a good place to get stuff like toys leashes and collars. they are more affordable than your small mom and pop shops. as far as dog food goes you are better off going to wag n wash they are at least 10 bucks cheaper if not more went today was greeted as i entered also asked if i needed assistance when i looked lost and was able to find all things i needed i had a return from a different location they got that swapped in no time this location is clean and staff were way cool i would definitely suggest others visit if you live near this area  sometimes there are some great markdowns!"  she would turn and try to run out the door. The best part is that Crystal calls us and lets us know if it's been more than six weeks that she misses Hazel. It's usually about that time when our little Hazel is looking pretty shaggy and a great reminder to schedule that appointment. Smart on their end and helpful on ours! Keep doing what you're doing!"  but they were al booked). The experience was fairly good. The girls who worked there were friendly and the puppy came out smelling good and minus all his matted hair (just got him from the shelter). I would come back here "I am new father to a lil pup Hemingway. I went to store for some tips on crate training and received far more knowledge then I went for. Deborah greeted my pup and I almost immediately. She was friendly and with her nutritionist background we got Hemingway (french bulldog)on a new diet. He had already been having stomach issues with food breeder had advised. Days on the food and he is already eating more "I love the salon.  I took my four month puppy there for his first time.  He was shedding and since he was a puppy he gets into stuff all the time so it was time to get rid of the stinky puppy smell.  They make the appointment process easy So with this being said my review must come to an end." The check-out people are a too informal for me and very matter of fact that they won't make change for tips without another purchase." This PetSmart location is close to my home & the shopping plaza seems pretty safe & it's pretty easy to get in and out of.  So I like shopping there to buy pet food." A decent location with somewhat helpful and friendly customer service.  nobody told me that my dog was a problem and that they would not allow us to be customers in the future. There was not even mention that she had been very difficult. So when I called to make an appointment and was refused service "Often the cats of cat food I want aren't there--'We haven't unpacked the pallets' or 'We don't know what's going on with our order'. Forget special orders: those can't be accommodated any longer.  Ridicuous--they used to. PetSmart continues to sell live animals in cages with very little space The PetSmart team was super helpful when choosing a durable collar that Piper Blue can't destroy! I'm also a big fan of their grooming services! Highly recommend! Pet novelty store at best."  I won't bother going in that Petsmart from the phone call alone. Are the employees that lazy that they can't even check to see if there's a product? Must not want my service!"  and if I chat with any customers waiting they treat me like I'm interrupting their day. I won't be going back. I don't trust them with my dog." "I don't really come to this location unless I really have to. I am a snake owner and rarely get my frozen mice from here but the last 2 times it has taken forever to get someone to help me since they now keep them in the back for some odd reason. The very last time I was here I was going to ask the lady at the fish section to help me but she was busy getting fish for some people so I decided to wait. While I was waiting someone came out of the back and I told them that I just needed a mouse and she said ""yes just give me one minute"". She then walks to the front to join the other cashier and they just stand there talking for a few minutes before she decides to come back to help me   needs to learn the definition of customer service.  She also needs to know just because you talk in a sweet tone the look on your face and your words should say the same.  Thank goodness a different employee finished my transaction because she was about hear my opinion."  it's a great location to either buy more for your current pet or pick up a new buddy in one of their many pets fairs." Minnie and I will be moving soon and the big question becomes... 'which Petsmart will become our new fave?'  Time will tell... luckily  I will be taking my dogs back to Petsmart for their next beauty appointment." He'll be going for intermediate classes in the fall.  I guess that's like Middle School.  For dogs." I would recommend this location! :)" I have a choice between a few PetSmarts but I will be returning to this one for all of my fish needs!" I heartily recommend it to every dog owner in this city."  but nothin' to complain about either." Always take my pets here they seem to love it. Love the fact that they alway great me and my dogs as we come in makes me feel welcome. "This was my first time renting a carpet shampooed from here and I will never rent from anywhere else again. Their shampooer was more efficient  and there were other spots on his back that looked the same.  I immediately called Petsmart and they told me to come back and they would reimburse me.  I returned the next day and asked that they have their vet check him out as well  and there were other spots on his back that looked the same.  I immediately called Petsmart and they told me to come back and they would reimburse me.  I returned the next day and asked that they have their vet check him out as well I know this location is supposed to be in the poorer side of town but it's still a good store. I like all of the Petsmarts I go to as most of them have really helpful employees. This one looks just like the others and is well kept/stocked. When I visited this one for the first time I was looking at the little critters and a really helpful employee let me see one of the Russians even though they were partially put away. She took her time with me so that the little girl was calm and ready to be held. She answered all my questions and I ended up buying the Russian; she was a great pet. I'm glad the girl took her time to assist me patiently even with just a half hour to go before closing. "The staff here wasn't as friendly as most locations I have been to. It also wasn't as clean and tidy as I'd like. Otherwise Staff is always friendly. I love everyone in the grooming salon! I'm always made to feel welcome and I find all the products I'm looking for. The clinic takes FOREVER so be prepared to wait! Bring a book or iPhone or iPad. Or play with your pet."  and taught us many helpful things to train our dog. The staff here are all friendly and helpful. I would recommend the training classes to anyone." "I have to give 5 stars to the Banfield Animal Hospital at this location. Had a little emergency a couple hours ago- my dogs anal gland had swollen and ruptured in less than 24 hours....they were able to squeeze me in and take great care of her. This location is one of the few open on Sunday's (again Although pricey...they do an awesome job and you get what you pay for! I've looked into cheaper grooming and the positive reviews compared to negative were not worth me taking my dogs elsewhere!!! Thank you pet smart!!! You guys rock!!!!  treatments and grooming for 5 years and have always received stellar service. We've only just stumbled across our first bad grooming experience this week. After a brief phone call with manager Bobby If this is the kind of person they mean when they say they hire people that care about pets This location is NOT closed. Unfortunately the Banfield hospital located inside the store has closed. "Lisa in grooming is amazing. My furry nightmare licks knots into her hair as soon as it starts getting long and I am awful about taking her in as often as I should thanks to my schedule  close to Wal-Mart when I need to shop there and always seems to have what I need for Peekaboo- my cute little Peekapoo 8Lf_SZFuVhOe9rrAgC_pAQ -Location is located in a v"  this was of course impossible leaving me to deal with my dog's messy not-so-fresh-smelling winter coat for another week! Grrrr!  Another downer is that it took them so long to find me in their ""system"".  I would advise anyone who goes here for grooming to verify their records are kept (rabies vaccines are good for three years) in the the system and all information is correct Great prices and friendly staff! A+ in my book!" 8Lf_SZFuVhOe9rrAgC_pAQ I love Petco! The only place I go to get dog food. I feel like the employees generally know what they are talking about and are always willing to help! i bought a guinea pig at this location and sadly the next day noticed she was sneezing and had a runny nose than the following next day she still had it only now her eyes were crusty :( i felt so bad. so i called the store and they told me to bring her back and they would have a vet come the following next morn and pick her up than they would give her the medication she would need untill she is completely better. they said they would than call me and have me come get her!!! way cool of them!!! thanks!!! I think I'm done with this Petco and will continue to shop at Petsmart. Their prices are better  since he was scared and getting wild. We have gotten all of his shots done here and they are not high prices. They do shots on Saturdays until 3pm and they have the best vets and techs working station. By the time we got his last shots he was barely squirming because I think he became more comfortable since the vets give him such great praise afterwards. We will definitely keep coming here for all of Baxter's needs and our other dogs need as well." The store in general is clean.  But dont know if I'd buy fish from here.  When Baby C and I walked by...there were at least 3 tanks with dead fish on the bottom.  Some with the other fish eating on the dead fish.  So that just tells you that it had probably been some time since the tanks had been looked at/cleaned." I only use the grooming salon for my dog for the last 2yrs. I learned it depends on the stylist they have on staff. There was a wonderful lady there 2yrs ago who left and then there were 2 young girls grooming. I felt they were straight out if school. They assured me my dog would be done in 3 or less hours. 6hrs later my dog was then ready. I was so upset because I had to be at work to work a late shift. Now there is a nice male groomer. He's groomed my dog twice now and is good. He's incredibly polite and was extremely apologetic when he accidentally nipped my dogs lip. It wasn't a big deal and he was so professional. I was impressed how he handled the situation. Nothing special about this Petco. They always have what we need and the cashiers are always friendly. We will continue shipping for the cats here. Great location being near the Target and Costco. "Went to this location today to get some cat food (had a coupon specific to Petco). This place was a mess. There was stuff everywhere. There were boxes in the middle of many of the aisles...we couldn't even reach some items due to the amount of stuff everywhere. Things are hard to find here  it's messy and they don't sell prescription foods. I don't really see any reason to go here over the competitors."  and KITTENS/CATS are going to be waiting around for a long time to get shots. I had my cat with me and he was terrified and the barking just continued. Plus I felt like my dog was just sitting in dirt the whole time because the floors were so disgusting. I probably won't return unless I need to get shots for my pets again."  make for a frustrating experience.  Staff is pleasant but sparse. Also they do not have the same merchandise in store in comparison with their website.   I'm not sure if they are trying to steer customers to their website  she had an opening and was able to take him right away. I ran home to get him and he was a little nervous at first. He is still fairly new to us. We rescued him 6 months ago and he's pretty timid around new people. She is very sweet and gentle with him. This was his first professional haircut and she made him look so good. Thank you so much Sylvia and the rest of the really awesome staff for being so kind and gentle with my little guy! Freddie loves you all!" 8Lf_SZFuVhOe9rrAgC_pAQ  very knowledgeable about the fish. She was there the last 3x we were there.  Just a so so store but it is very busy with new stuff all the time and much nicer than the nearest Petsmart on camelback and 20th."  but something dead and rotting smell as soon as you walk in it hits you like a truck. I mentioned it and someone said it is being handled  and dishes. Almost no perches or toys. And it has a horrible pet odor that made me sick to my stomach. It smells like a pet store that isn't cleaned regularly. Will not be going again." Drove 20 mins out of the way just to find out the place doesn't even exist here anymore. Smh OH...BUT IM NOT DONE YET..... I took him to my work to show everyone the new ""do"" and when he rolled over..his undercarrage was wayyyy uneven.   Nobody can really see it so I'm like...whatever today sucked I'm not going to worry about it... and then everyone asks why his tail is so uneven...and then my friend is petting his fur around the neck and asks why he has a dreadlock.  For real guys??  You didn't even brush him out??   I use to tell everyone how great this place was. Sadly  we didn't want the traditional schnauzer face so I was worried about that too. When I picked her up she looked PERFECT!! They really did a great job listening to what we wanted and making it so! She was sent home with a cute pink bandana  and could hear her screaming... I evened asked the retail clerk if this guy ever worked with small dogs.... 30 minutes later... she came out completely chopped up! Nothing about her cut was even and she was completely shaking. Bows would not stay on because her cut was so choppy and you could tell that she was never blown out! The guy must have seen my face as he said he wouldn't charge me. .. but he did say it was ""her fault"" because she moved a bit!! I am so ticked off as the only thing the manager said to me was that I was the only one who's ever complained about him! ...SERIOUSLY?!?! NEVER TAKE YOUR DOG TO GET GROOMED AT PETCO (unless you like the scruffy mutt look)... I am so regretting this choice. The worst part about the whole thing... nobody there ever offered an apology... just a whole bunch of excuses. =(" i went in to get a new collar and a jolly ball. i kept wandering around trying to find the jollyball but couldn't and  NO ONE would help. so i bought the collar and left. so frustrating. you can't ever get customer service in this store Have been taking my dogs to the Petco near 59th and the Loop 101 but tried this one after moving to PHX...So far pretty disappointing. understaffed and told my dog would be ready to be picked up from groomer at 430 (3 hours after drop off).. well now the dog wont be ready until 530..i hope.. Lets see how it goes. considering other reviews I will be going to a new groomer most likely. CocqwthuLO8P1_m0Dr7PVg  I don't appreciate being outsourced to the Philippines to express concerns here in the United States.  Petco and Stephan would do well to remember the retail adage  but not anymore. I took them in one morning and the new staffer said she could not trim them as she was pregnant and there was no one else coming in to groom until 11 (not great staffing I hope she also understands how heartbreaking it is to buckle a crying kid into a carseat.       Bummer :("  but the staff was very unfriendly at this location. I won't be back to this store. Metro Center is much better!"  they seem like they don't want to work there. They also said I had to print off a coupon that I got from doing surveys for Petco. I have received over 6 of these before and never had a problem redeeming in store. After I said that I would just go elsewhere to get the supplies 