 and test a lens. There were several other customers in the store and he did his best to provide attention to everyone  but unless I'm in a pinch I'm probably going to order supplies online from now on."  Bruce created a customer for life.  I am in their debt.  Don't walk.  Run to Bernie's.  I can't wait to go back to visit Pittsburgh again so I can walk in myself and meet Bruce and see the amazing selection they have first hand.  This is customer service So I think the kind of experience you get depends entirely on the person you run into. I can see how someone would be put off by the dark haired guy I ran into first "Up-charges most of their products that you can find on B&H for way less money. Sales person treated me like I was a very inexperienced. Not a bad place if you're in need of camera gear without a moments notice Zhrz3u8oBwwc2MTeMK5mYA  and they charged me an extra 4 dollars a roll for no reason.  On the website they say $8 but they charged me $12.  The owner is very pretentious and rude.  When I told him that it says 8 dollars online he didn't care at all.  When I dropped my film off the high school kid didn't even tell me the price because ""it is too much for me to calculate""  Also  this is the only game in town. Makes me glad I live in New York City. You would think a store in a dying industry would thrive to provide better customer service  heck they even pointed me in the right direction to get a job (I just moved to Pittsburgh) all in all  showing that they are not elitist but inviting about photography. They know their stuff and are very helpful.  The best part about a store like Bernie's is that potential buyers of usually expensive equipment can actually get a look at and feel for products before they buy them.  You just can't match that type of experience online and I am proud to support their business." "I gave them a film to develop back in May.  They gave me a nice receipt.  One week later I call  not a great choice. I was once a frequent customer and now I curse this establishment. For the only 'real' camera shop around  they basically told me to go elsewhere. You would think in a dying business you wouldn't turn away potential customers - especially someone who was being pleasant and polite. Even after being a dick  honestly. My recommendation: just go online..." "Very condescending people. We had film developed and the outcome was very poor. We asked them to make tiff images too. They made them alright. Charged for 24 and only did 14. Not only that  pretentious and down-right pompous. It's one of the things that has really turned me off to being a photographer. I'll stick to being a hobbyist."  it's always been because the staff was busy helping other customers. One of the first items I purchased there we my digital SLR and the salesman who helped me was patient and answered all my questions. I've been a repeat customer  and it decided to stop zooming and make crunching noises until it worked again 5 minutes later. The whole lens was just a disappointment. I would return to Biggs only if I needed a lens rental and was in desperation."  they will help you through everything.  These people know about photography. If you want someone warm and perky  mid-afternoon. It might be best to go there on a weekday. I was helped immediately but I suspect on the weekend the place is more crowded. If you want a patient and pleasant salesperson ask for Brandee!"  these guys have always come through. Glad to have em in town. Clean up the attitude a bit and I think it'll spit-shine up to 4 stars no problem!"  almost made me feel like it was a bourden to them for me being in thier store.... thumbs down all around" The landscape in Charlottes camera shops has changed radically over the last few decades and Biggs is still here. That tells you something. Now get out there and support a local who supports local photogs."  but finally purchased here because of the one on one service I received. The employee was great. He was extremely knowledgable and informative."  and Edward walked me through every feature of that camera as well as the highlights of similar models.  He also told me to come back in a week with all my questions.  Biggs is not only a retailer  this is a good thing...I can't stand me an overly clingy salesman.   Some other reviewers have said their staff is rude  but I'm going to go to Bigg's because I can't take a risk.""  They sold me an accessory that didn't work for my camera!  I even questioned it because I said it didn't look right.  I expect that at Best Buy but not at Bigg's." They stock an amazing supply of used equipment which they stand behind.  They keep a good suppy of new gear on hand from amateur Point and Shoot cameras I had the an emergency question about a fancy camera that I did not know a thing about. So I was not buying anything and they still helped me figure out the problem and had the expertise to tell me everything thing that I needed to know about the camera. I thought they were very knowledgeable and friendly. I have rented lenses last minute several times from Biggs. They are lifesavers when you need a quality lens or camera accessory fast. Staff are friendly and knowledgeable and they have competitive price for camera rentals. I would definitely recommend them to any professional.  and as a professional I can say they had an excellent inventory at reasonable prices plus knowledgeable staff." Excellent store.  The staff is well informed about their equipment and they are able to articulate in layman's terms the function of their products.  I found them exceedingly patient and willing to extend themselves for the most tedious tasks. "I went in to store with no intention on purchasing anything. I already had my camera equipment and all I had was questions on how to use them. I just spent 1500 on new equipment and told the sales rep. He was very patient with me and walked me through the ""how to"" with everything. He spent almost an hour with me knowing I wasn't buying anything. He didn't even try to sell me something. I call this great service and even though they may be pricey Really bad service. I bought a $70 battery from them that turned out didn't work with my led ring light. I brought it to them and they turned me away saying it's over the ten day return policy and that I didn't have the packaging. The packaging was a clear plastic sleeve that I threw away and it's been 14 days since the purchase.  Because of their rigidity I now own an expensive  paperweight.  I plan to never give them any more business.  That's what I get for buying from brick and mortar stores. Employees are kind and knowledgable. I buy film for my Instax cameras here every time. "A photographer recommended Biggs to us when we were thinking of diving into the world of DSLR cameras but did not have too much knowledge to make an educated decision. Biggs is conveniently located  they are raping those of us who still shoot film. I was charged double for a box of Portra 400. I can get the same thing for half the price on B&H. Certainly will never be using Biggs to purchase film ever again." Anyway... Thanks Biggs  It was awesome to have a place nearby that still sold film photography supplies. Prices are comparable to B&H and Adorama. Ive made my way down the east coast to miami and don't see many places like this anymore. Great Thanks for being great  and the general feeling among professional photographers to amateurs in this area is that Biggs could use some work on how they treat us." The Camera Company is my go to source for camera equipment. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Dave is fantastic! He will never lead you the wrong way and is very helpful when it comes to buying what you really need. He's honest and doesn't try to make you purchase unnecessary equipment. This is the kind of service I'd never get at big box stores that probably sell the same cameras but without the great people to help."  but mostly go to the Eastside store. I've purchased 2 cameras from The Camera Company  please do yourself and the customs and immigration staff a favor and have a decent photo taken at The Camera Company. It won't cost you any more  thank you Tim Erickson. I will definitely use The Camera Company again and I hope to work with Tim again as well!!"  they don't break down pro packs of film--if they don't stock or the manufacturers don't make a given film in single-roll packages The staff are all knowledgeable and usually fully answer my questions. I've learned a lot there." The lens had a nasty scratch inside and the film advance lever was also broken.  They were able to fix both issues for a very reasonable price in about a week's time.  I would definitely go back for future issues with my camera." I love that they hold classes here.  I am planning on attending two of them.  I can't wait!!!"  but no instant gratification on the internet.  And who is going to help you with a problem or answer a question when you have one?  Who will repair or clean your camera for you?  No  its a good place but service needs improvement." This shop and its knowledgeable staff will be missed by many." I encourage all the former loyal Photomark customers to visit Photomart.  I'm sure you will leave disappointed.  Two thumbs down to this lemon!" if youre in scottsdale or looking for a great photo store....DEFINITELY CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!" Call ahead to make sure they have what you are looking for While they do have an lot of items to choose from in there..They didn't carry everything I needed /: but overall and good place to stop by for any camera needs.. The prices are reasonable and employees are very knowledgeable. Friendly staff here and was super easy to rent lighting from Photomart.  I had a shoot in Scottsdale and found them online.  Whole process beforehand was easy to coordinate and returns etc were handled expertly.  Def would come back for my next shoot in the area! Amazing service! Picked up a Mamiya a week ago and they have continued to help me better understand my new system.  but they took the time to walk me through how to use the equipment. Will be going back for sure." We say Yes to Foto Forum and still buy Lee gift cards here for birthday and Christmas." I strongly caution you to read their policies before buying anything. Cameras must be returned within 7 days and most items are non-returnable."  I'm pretty cheap and incredibly indecisive when it comes to purchasing video/ photography equipment. I'm also a tactile consumer and like to touch before I buy.... online. Camera stores can be the worst for people like me because sales people don't want to waste time with  lots of questions and no happy ending. Foto Forum is one of the very few place where I don't feel like I'm a douche bag for checking things out before I buy. I've interacted with John I shop here all the time. The folks who work here are very knowledgeable and helpful. I've spent thousands of $$$$ over the years and never gotten advice or less than stellar service. I bought the 60D with the 18-135 kit lens and a number of other items that will help me get started with getting serious about taking pictures and video. I hope they are around for years to come." I like Tempe Camera better. They are always soo helpful and they have WAY more stuff. Not to mention they aren't smug or pretentious. Can't say the same for this place." Regarding pricing:  I research everything I buy before I make a purchase.  I know that I can beat the prices at FF on many items by ordering online.  The difference is generally fairly small though Don't know how this store stays in business." VilxIfmahfOhMcIaGK8Www  smarter alternatives.  I'm very grateful to them.  They've helped me a great deal with regard to professional development.  Cost the same or less than internet sites." I stopped into Phoenix for one night on my road trip cross country. Upon realizing my film camera wasn't working I looked up photo stores in the area and this one was closest. I'm so glad I came here- they gave me honest answers and didn't try to sell me things I didn't need. They were really nice and helpful to me and my friend who was also having camera problems. My camera is still working great. This shop takes the time to explain the equipment the sell you. The were quick to help and friendly. They made sure my equipment was ready to use and that the lenses were protected with filters. Bill was really helpful.  but the Sales man was at least willing to help to see if we could make a deal. Now that's awesome customer service."  and I am sure I will not be the last one." "I went here to try out a tripod before I buy. I also wanted to support a local business and not use them as a showroom for a cheaper online purchase. After some very helpful advice I did buy a tripod and a pan head.  After looking online I did get a competitive price for the model that I purchased I called ahead to make sure they had my lens i was looking for. nikon 24-70 and yes they did! They held the lens for me till I could come in. when i got there I was greeted with smiling faces. the man that helped me check out was nice and knowledgeable. This place is the absolute worst. I would much rather go to best buy or use amazon. Every time I go in there I either don't get helped or the staff scoffs at me and act like I don't know what I am doing. I may be young but that doesn't mean I don't know how to use a camera or that I don't know when I'm being ripped off. Stay away from this store. I really wanted to support a local camera shop but they make it impossible for me to do so.  and they said that they did.  So I drove down there and ended up buying a microphone however due to the distance on the microphone that I needed it didn't work as planned however the store took it back without question. No hassle and still were very helpful so I'm very happy with them." We stopped in here with friends who are professional photographers that were looking for a lightweight camera to take with them while they backpacked the Grand Canyon. The person who helped us was incredibly knowledgable (without coming across as arrogant) and helped them select a great mirrorless camera. They also had a TON of equipment for professional and amateur photographers. Great shop! Thanks Mike and Bill at Foto Forum!" Great camera store. Employees are very knowledgeable and take the time to answer your questions. Highly recommend!  A+ experience. This place deserves more stars." "I have now been in to see the knowledgeable staff there over the last three months.  I have been very happy with their service and dedication to the customer.  Sense me first visit there I have purchased two lens (a Sony DT 1.8/50 & a Sigma 10-20mm)  no one talked down to me and there was no resistance offered on the battery return. The pricing was very fair....so the whole experience was very satisfying."  I'm really gladiator went there. I had some old photos digitized and thought the price of $39.95 for 100 photos was a good deal. I haven't gotten them back "I called pretty much all the ACE Hardware stores and Home Depots in the valley and nobody had what I needed! I finally called this place and they had it! They had the beloved gaffers tape! Excellent! They put it on hold for me  they have the best advise and quality product. I will be frequenting Photo Form for many years to come. Keep up the amazing work you do and skill you provide to students."  and assisting me every step of the way without pressuring me or trying to convince me to buy something I didn't want.  I chose a camera and it was the same price as online. The store has everything you need and more!  So much knowledge and great service in one place.  I won't go anywhere else."  patient and informative.  I highly suggest visiting this location for all your photo needs." I live behind this location but I may not return. There is a Walgreens off of 7th Street..." My other prescriptions will remain at Walgreens." The guy that's always checking people out is on crack or something. Don't ever mention anything about working. He will not stop complaining about the company. I'm shocked by all the negative reviews.  I believe the worst part of this location is the homeless people hanging out front  we'll try anywhere else."  I stood at the pharmacy counter for 10 mins.  Not one of them came to ask if i needed help.  It was to locate a footspa.  Idiots now I'm calling there corporate.  I hope they fold.  Walgreens didn't have it as well  still not open even though it should at seven. Really nothing else to say- everyone else hates it 