 but it would be a hell of a lot more fun if I could have more than one watered down drink before I warbled my way through ""Paradise City"" with the rest of the crowd." "Really enjoyed this a lot more than I thought I would.  The drinks were on the pricey side Had a great time at Sing Sing a while ago with friends.  Friendly staff.  Will return. "Piano Man to the tune of Gangster's Paradise...what more do I have to say? Get there early if you want a seat "SingSing!!! What a blast! One of my favorite places to jam on Earth!! Cool bar  definitely a place to hit and have some fun if you are up for some fun and willing to sit through a couple clunkers of songs jokes. Having a fun loving group of friends to mock things with when they go off the rails a bit will help make it more fun." All and all a good time and someplace I'd certainly return to if for any reason I'd be back in Pittsburgh... as long as I have a car."  who are entertaining and very talented The birthday song is seriously the best. They sing to you....and call you some names....with expletives. But in a totally nice way of course. You just have to go!"  Sing Sing seems like it's stuck in the early part of the 21st century. The whole dueling piano  or they will look up the lyrics and sing it!! They aim to please :) I have definitely been pleased :)"  they will search for who requested the song so they can do something else the person will enjoy! :) Great humor too!! :)" I am sure I will be back in no time at all.  Next time The entertainment was great and I would recommend it for a group outing. But definitely make sure that you have a reservation." I would not recommend anybody go. I want my brain cells back."  each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller.  Crowd is an important component of a piano bar due to the interactive nature of it all.  I was there last Saturday night (8 4 12) and there was about 20-30 people there.  Very slow and boring.  It appears the crowd is no longer allowed up on stage "Had an absolute blast!! Great for any crowd Dueling Pianos and brews... time to Shut Up & Sing Sing!" First time here tonight and I must say I wasn't sure if I wanted to go. It seemed like it might be ok but nothing special but I decided to go with friends and man did I have a blast. The $7 door charge was great figuring u had music from 8 until probably 2 am ( we left shortly after 1). The food was not super but good prices reasonable. The beer left something to b desired as they r a micro brewery so u can only get their crafts. I asked for something similar to yeungling but what I got was nothing like it. The musicians were great they made this place awesome. We will b back and this may b our new Pittsburgh hangout I did enjoy when Matt and Joey were the ones up there because they are just amazing and make it so much better! They are great at what they do. Can't wait to go back!"  but is a splendid way to celebrate a special occasion. Definitely belongs on every required Pittsburgh experiences list."  but it does become a bit awkward when you have to keep scooting over to let waitresses and patrons past you. If you do find a seat Otherwise it's fun for special events every once in awhile."  why don't you take it up the butt"" which one of the pianists wrote on the mirror at the back of the stage... You get the idea?  Perhaps if I had not been the designated driver He was incredibly sexist homophobic. He could barely play the piano and when we finally recognized a song we could actually dance to he literally asked me to get off stage because he didn't like another on stage who could actually dance with the girls.  by the 3 hour mark you'll be sick of sitting there in the crowd with your $9 a pop drinks listening to the same dirty jokes over and over and over again." There were some drawbacks though. We went on a Thursday night so the atmosphere was lacking as the place was pretty empty. And of course they are a little pushy soliciting tips when the place is empty. But it's not our fault the place is empty on Thirsty Thursday  but I found it annoying they kept pushing for tips all night long. We got the message. Server was nice and songs were good. It was super loud in there so be prepared. Super crowded Saturday night so make sure you come early"  and just a tad crude. But just enough to be funny."  and keeping the crowd pleased. Sing Sing is attached to The Rock Bottom Brewery so they have house beers. I did have the sampler and I enjoyed all six beers I sampled. What a great place to hang out. I highly recommend." We went there for drinks on weekend and the place had a good crowd. It's definitely entertaining and fun. Not family friendly though!" But all in all its a great change of pace! We would do it again 