 but demented.  The girl who tattoed me claimed to be a vampire and played heavy metal during the entire experience.  Come here for simple work!"  from what I understand this is where you go to get your experience in the tatoo industry and once you've perfected your craft you move on to a more reputable shop. That could be totally bogus but I'm leaning more towards that explanation." "My friend wanted to get her first tattoo so I took her to Ink Link. All the employees were very friendly and helped her come up with the perfect design. She got freaked out in the middle of the tattoo session... the tattoo artist comforted her  and then I could feel it for a few hours after. Within 2 days it looked and felt healed (I'm sure it actually took longer but no discomfort or redness after 2 days). Much better than my last experience with a dermal anchor at another facility that never quite healed properly and the jewel came off a few weeks after getting it done. Price might be on the higher end for a dermal anchor but you get what you pay for there. No complaints." I got my belly button pierced here. Was worried about the overall cleanliness and professionality about the place but the piercing expert there was very professional about care and procedure. I have no desire for another tatoo so I can't rate on the tattoo service.  I have been back for my ears that closed. The guys here are very nice and sterile. They are always friendly. I find them to be a huge help when I can stop in and get my piercings changed for no charge since I got my bling holes here. I always leave a tip. Being a newbie to WI I was skeptical about public enemy because I only asked the locals in town and got mixed reviews. I'm glad I went in and checked them out myself. Worth it! I love this place!"  but my first is still my favorite.  The color has held up nicely over almost 10 years.  I'm hoping to travel back down to Champaign for a new tattoo from Mark of Cain!"  quick piercer who is no-nonsense and gets the job done immediately. The second place I've tried on campus I have several tattoos from Nick and they all turned out great. Amazing freehand work. Very cool staff. Very happy with my tat still...7 years later Good Price!!! Nice design. 