Do yourself a favor and order from ANY other establishment in town." if they scrubbed the place down and the lady spoke better english 4 star ****" Recommended. 16 inch pizza on special was cheap. Fast service. Not the best pizza but above average. I have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed. I thought I would give them another try since I'd never ordered a Sicilian pizza from there. What a mistake. I will never order from them again!"  so maybe some of their other stuff is better. I wouldn't know." h5cVAq_sukzZBgXLQmE6gw  I'll definitely be back for more."  and you can tell the dressing was homemade cause it was perfect."  he's a cook there and a hell of a rapper.  Tell him HITTofMCM sent you." Had a  great  hoagie  from  here  last  night. Toppings  were  exactly  as ordered and  the  mozzarella  sticks  were  very  good  also. Delivered  in less time  than  I  thought. Good  experience . The pizza is definitely good. The wings aren't crisp and they don't provide a dipping sauce for the wings. I love love love this place. I can honestly say i have never had a bad experience with them. They are very friendly on the phone. Always gets here on a timely matter. We have had most likely everything on the menu. Definitely recommend you to try them out if you're looking for a good and new pizza place to try!!!!! Underated and ignored!  if you see this ol time pizzaria near Kennywood stop on by good crust nice and buttery in the sicilian style!  Better then DiSallas  the only thing I can say that is better then Latinas is Mineo's !  they say the best pizzarias are the little holes in the wall type places and this is one of those enviroments!  Small and cozy very nice and relaxing afternoon!  To just enjoy with yourself and a friend! The other nice thing about this shop is that it is right next to Kennywood. So usually around dinnertime we leave the park and walk over here to order some pizzas and drinks. No lines The best thing about this place is the management. They went out of their way for our group of seven and the food was out fast. And the prices: we fed everybody in under $40 Excellent family owned pizza spot. The owners are so nice and always accommodating. The food is great and always what we expect. My daughter loves that they have tv in the dining area. The outside patio is decorated very well and its nice to sit outside for a few after you fill up on pizza. Great staff great food would recommend to anyone! I have eaten here my whole life. Great people and great food. I highly recommend their Italian hoagies. It's the only place I will eat one from.  All the food is delicious though.  drive over and eat a pizza. They've also got hoagies and calzones  did not have flavor and was hard. The slices were small for their 8 slice which I did like. The cheese was good. The sauce was meh. I've definitely had way better. 2 stars for being cheap and delivering." Good pizza and i love the breadsticks...i don't know too much else about this place  is very greasy. Way more than other places around. Usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese. Also they do not take credit or debit cards. There are better options."  so I'm forced to give them 4-stars. Would highly recommend either picking up or having something delivered  in fact my jaw hurt after 2 slices. I tried another piece about a half hour later and it was really tasty and the crust was a bit softer. I also like the ""Dirty Crust"" (+1) Best Pizza in the western hemisphere! If you order here please don't stop at Pizza!  I've never had a meatball that is better than Mrs. P's meatballs.  They are so good that I don't compare other meatballs to them because it isn't fair to the other cooks.  The Steak Hoagie is also one of my favorites.  This place isn't cheap but this is real handmade food!  If you want cheap pizza go to pizza hut." fgW8QChlsdVVd_sSjAiE8w "This pizza spot came HIGHLY recommended by several friends and we finally got a chance to taste the awesomeness! Stuffed crust with sauce that is not too sweet and not too bitter  Pasquarelli's was third on our list (choosing from a list of top Pizza shops in Pgh).  It is BY FAR the BEST pizza we've ever had!  We tried a small white and a med red sauce (with stuffed crust).  Priced reasonably well for the unbelievably mouth-watering pies they serve.  Take out service only and cash only  a random March Friday 3 pm.  It was closed?  Do they take a lot of vacations?  I've heard good things though." This is the best pizza in McKee's Rocks. Mom and pop shop.  It's just a little shed located across from the dollar general.  The pizza is amazing!  The old lady answers the phone and takes care of the money.  The old man makes the pizzas.  You don't need extra toppings because they give you plenty of fresh ingredients. A large pizza will feed a family of 4 even 5.  The crust is dusty and crunchy.  The sauce is one of a kind.  It's CASH only so make sure you stop at the bank before you get there.  Oh and they don't deliver either.  Like I said it's a mom and pop shop of two employees only.    In fact I'm ordering a pie tonight.  Ps it's great the next day in the oven. This was a Good place to get pizza.  As far as I know they are No Longer Open at this Location. The best deep dish pizza in pgh the other food is great too the owners know you by name been eating there for 30 years  every time I've been there it's outstanding and gratifying... Don't forget cash... NO CARD..." "Ordered delivery when staying at the Sheraton Station Square.   It wasn't super fast but wasn't unreasonable (45mins) and the pizza was so good that I ended up eating way more than I intended.  Not too greesey with a nice balance of cheese  I'm partial to the spinache and feta house rolls.  They are SO delicious.  Pretty cheap.  The delivery time is kind of long  but the phone service is rather surly and it always takes them an hour plus to deliver. Which would be OK if I didn't live a block away (normally I'd just walk and pick it up The pizza here is great. I always pick up a pizza when i am near Bellevue.  I have only ever eaten their pizza. T49ZvBa6mD4xHSmjHe-ArA The bottom line for me is that I would head back to R & B's again in the future for pizza.  It was easily the most expensive of the bunch that I bought last night at $12.79 after tax for an XL but as the old adage goes ""You get what you pay for"" and if you like garlic then you should like this pizza." "My fiance and I have made R&B's our Friday night dinner tradition for over a year. the food is consistently amazing  wings and salads. Haven't tried much else. We love their R&Bs Special pizza. They have specials on combos (two pizzas Get the white pizza with bacon. You're life will never be the same. Never had a bad experience ordering from R&B's. "The food was ok nothing to rave about but nothing to be to dissapointed about either. I ordered a sandwich with extra meat and was highly dissapointed. I called in to try and get it corrected the guy pretty much brushed me off telling me that's how the do it. I'll let you be the judge by the pic. Well after telling him that i was going to give negative review The food here is pretty good which is disappointing because the service is terrible. About 50% of the times we have ordered from here they somehow managed to screw up the food.. tonight they screwed up 2 of the 4 items we ordered! I dont know if the person taking the orders has hearing problems or is just being very careless but either way its very irritating getting food I didnt order.. even if its still good food... "My boyfriend and I ordered the R&B's Special Pie (no bacon) last night and the greek salad (added artichokes).  So good!  The pizza was one of the best I have had in a long time "These guys make excellent hoagies. We especially like the supreme Italian and the turkey. Try their pizza  awesome wings and okay prices. This is one of the better pizza places around here. I will be ordering again from this place. Must try around the northside area." "This has been a favorite for years. Quality ingredients and decent prices. Portion sizes are above average as well. I love the Greek pizza "I order from here every week. I've tried all the places near here for delivery  subs and wings. We always get a classic cheese which is always piping hot and cheesy. To feed our cheese fix even more we order the garlic cheesy bread. Just make sure to ask for extra cheese on it if you want the whole thing covered. Love our local pizza joint!"  had quite the charm to it.  The new place looks too clean cut and it seems like they're trying to be something they're not  sauce and rest of toppings on the Sicilian pizza were delicious. Nice family friendly" A great little place. Delicious and affordable Italian food. Great salads and pasta. Try the pizza rolls! Service was very good..calzone was excellent.  but they've since moved to a new location under new ownership...but the pizza is still just as good.  I prefer the thin-crust "Best all-meat pizza in the area.  Always done delivery  I have read a few other reviews that said Luigi's has left but I talk with him every time I am in. Regardless this is a great family owned pizzeria and I recommend the calzone because it is generously stuffed with ricotta :)." The bottom line for me is that I will probably not head back to Luigi's in the future.  I just don't see myself making a trip to Luigi's between the weird experience (although not bad) that I had in the restaurant and the fact that there are much better pizza places nearby." Luigi's pizza is amazing! The sicilian pizza takes me back to how my grandma used to make homemade pizza. I can't wait to go back - definitely worth the 45-minute trip there :) And that is exactly what Luigi's is."  authentic pepperoni. I have eaten here for years. This place is a tradition in my family and it's still as good as they were 15 years ago. They recently remodeled and have a great menu selection. By far the best pizza in Bellevue and right up there with Fioris as the best in Pittsburgh." Just ordered delivery from here. The soup was very good. I also would Recommend the specialty salad. I also was surprised at how quickly the order was delivered. It was delivered within a 1 2 an hour.  we told the server we were newlyweds and Luigi made us tiramisu and gave it to us for free! Highly recommend." This place has great tasting food. I had a italian hoagie and it was great. The pizza is top notch. "The pizza was ok. It is been the best my husband and I have had in this area. They seem to be the most ""authentic"" compared to other pizza delivery shops in this area."  but will stop anytime I am near as they quite simply have the BEST PIZZA period of anywhere I've been. I have referred many friends and family and they all say the same. The owners and staff are very friendly and caring people and treat you like family. The other food is good too Luigi's is everything I expected it to be.  A decent place to order an authentic looking and  tasting pizza.  I usually prefer New York style and Luigi's offers it by the slice.  I also ordered lasagna off of their daily lunch menu .  I think there are at least 6 regularly featured menu items to choose from and a drink is included.  Luigi's has a large dining area or customers can walk up to the take out counter if they choose. "This is a great spot in Bellevue for a quick and decent bite to eat.  It is extremely difficult to find good pizza in Bellevue (F.Y.I. There is a generic ATM that charges $1.75 to make a withdraw.)" Good pizza and hoagies.  It is always busy.  Cash only. Slow service and average pizza.  Convenient to home depot. "I love the history and the atmosphere.. Albert Vento is in Myron copes book and is a STAPLE in da burgh...  He started ""Franco's Italian Army"" !!!!!! Vento's Italian Army Hoagies  and AMAZING PIZZA... I love Literally ALL food Sean the chef Makes... The Secret Sauce is phenom on Calzones too.."  no credit or debit cards here.  You're directed to the ATM in the restaurant that charges a fee of $1.75.   I ordered ahead and although I had to wait for my pizza when I got there I received it cold and it just was not that good.  I also ordered provolone sticks which also did not taste good."  sickeningly sweet sauce (Papa Johns) or brick oven 'designer' pizza you might not like Vento's pizza.  It's a workingclass style of pizza in a workingclass neighborhood.  Personally  and it sure tastes yuck. It wasn't very hot either. I am definitely going elsewhere next time." It also took a really long time to cook those little things because they weren't pizzas. Since I was so hungry I looked forward to getting some great pizza man this place really disappointed me today." "" but that doesn't make it any less wonderful at all.  Everything I have ever had here is wonderful and I will definitely be taking multiple 30 minute trips back here to support this independent business."  get a whole pie. It is in the strangest location (Home Depot's parking lot)!! The picture of the founder is adorable and hilarious. Love this place!"  okay...then walk over and get it so i can pay for it! So I waited and waited as people who came in long after me got their orders. The ""workers"" just stand around and spend more time talking to the regulars and trying to act like they are a big deal. I had to leave without my order after 40 minutes. DO NOT GO HERE!"  but they do have an ATM." Pizza is square cut and the corners are the best." They lost my breakfast business that day."   or even a hear felt apology for the inconvenience...nope. My chicken was placed on top of the salad and the young girl at the register offered me an additional ranch dressing Worst pizza I have had in my entire 40 years of life. Tasted like sauce and cheese on toast. Frozen pizza is better than their pizza. I wouldn't eat this pizza if it was free.  who doesn't love that.  And they aren't bad.  But they deliver and are way better than Vocelli's.  I have mostly good experiences when I go.  But once I was there waiting for a take out pizza alone "I ordered 2 pizza's from here today to take to some friends who are volunteering for the election.  Everything was ready in less than 30 mins.  The pizza was good - nothing fancy - not too greasy "This is the greasiest pizza I've ever had in Pittsburgh  and we have ordered from there a few times.  The pizza is always hot and delivered quickly.  I have not had any problems with the pizza being too greasy.  Huge menu and great service too.  They actually messed up my deliver order (just a side dish) the other day  the dough itself was partially uncooked in the middle. I had to put it back into my own oven to finish it off  and I can give them another chance later This place is pretty convenient for me when I am working on campus late at night when most other places have shut down." I always get the Steak Deluxe hoagie and my wife gets the Italian Deluxe and then we give each other half of the other ones hoagie because we can never decide on with one to get."  the cashier kept interrupting her to say things like ""we don't have those anymore"" or ""no  so I didn't pay for it and can't comment on the price.  I had a few slices of the pepperoni pizza and found them to be resoundingly average.  Nothing special  and I can't complain. It's nice to have something other than pizza delivered; the portions are huge I like the pizza and the selection of toppings.  They are reliable.  Great option for take out food. This was one of first pizza places that I've tried inPittsburgh. It was about 5 years ago. I don't have a clear memory of that time but I have Parma pizza phobia ever since... So go figure... I'll think twice before the next time rolls around to order from here." ylIgegaQaJOjL4_lH2EkFA "Three stars is super accurate for this place. We decided to do take out from here after walking by it a hundred times after the gym and hearing radio commercials about it from that god forsaken BUBBA SHOW (does that plug raise anyone else's blood pressure??) Our order was ready in 15 minutes (speedy!) and we got a large 1 topping pizza for ~$8 and a side of fries. All together like $13 for three people  which is the primary reason I ordered sandwiches from them. BBQ chicken was ok. The bread is a little more on the burnt than toasted side  but the Pittsburgh style grilled chicken salad is a dependable choice."  which was amazing since I was a walk-in. Lots of toppings piled high but I wish there was more cheese. They did have small bottles of vanilla Coke  especially for the price. I maybe ( definitely) use to call them every Monday when they had an extra-large one-topping pizza AND an order of bread sticks for only 9.99...... 9.99! I'm not sure that they still run this deal  and a two liter for $23. Pizza is good- cheesy and delicious. I like the sausage pizza here as well. The steak and meatball hoagies are our favorites. Service is fast and friendly."  since our food was inedible. I heard this place was good and had great calzones and tasty soup  and about on par with Papa John's.  I wouldn't go out of my way to order from here again I know there's good pizza around here. Ordered two back to back slices at Spak Brothers--delicious! Tasty! Reasonable price! But whoaaaaaaa whoa was this terrible I almost forgot.. The delivery man was really friendly too!" "Terrible pizza. Just plain gross. The crust was all gummy and the cheese tasted like plastic. I would never order their food again. Gross  it's a great deal. I usually get feta cheese and a veggie and have never been dissatisfied." "I ordered a large pepperoni and gyro. Delivery was quick for a Saturday night in the rain. I unwrapped the gyro and was very happy to see gyro meat that was freshly sliced (from an actual spit)  but with less flavor (which is an impressive feat). The crust was hard and flavorless. We also had the chocolate cake. This was a mistake. Avoid this place at all costs." B9C6j80ob0f1pwi1Cnnd1Q I always order from Pizza Parma on Friday nights and receive great service for delivery but this evening I received the wrong order. Giving 3 stars because the pizza is always good but disappointed in the mix up. Whatever. Go ahead and turn me into the Yelp police for being honest about your bad  but I suspect they have similiar issues to Pizza Bellino in Squirrel Hill.  Some pizza does not survive the delivery process very well.  This pizza wasn't so good once it sat I love there chicken salads yummmm .. And they have good pizza too so when your chilly in the house order up I'm new to this area. Pizza perfecta was the spot I'd read about. But honestly This is my favorite place to order delivery pizza from. they are fast and consistent in quality and the pizza is always great. I've had their cheese steak subs too which were pretty good as well...but the pizza rocks. :) Pizza Perfectta is part of a chain of pizza shops that include Cafe Milano Pizza Perfectta has a few stools and a counter but really it is a take-out place."  it seemed like we were not wanted and decided not to press the point.  We walked across the street to a parking lot and saw a Pizza Perfecttta box and some leftover pizza littered on the ground.  In the end we didn't finish our pizza and assumed that many people in the past have been hastily handed their pizza pizza perfectta is sooo much better than pizza sola...pizza sola is so hit or miss.  and much friendlier more competent people working here." "My favorite for Pt. Breeze Pittsburgh East End. Flat New York style WOW! The prior 5-star reviews just about say it all. What I was particularly struck by was the delicious gourmet array of pizza and sandwich combinations at an unbeatable price. Delivery is timely and friendly too.  fast service - cant ask for much more!" "This Valentines Day I ordered a pizza for my boyfriend and asked that they make a heart on it out of green peppers. The pizza was great  but I feel its worth it.  My go to pizza delivery place!" I was so full after man-handling my second piece of pizza I had to stop eating. But my friend had a half finished piece of Greco just sitting there on the table waiting for me to finish it. It was as if the pizza told me to pick it up and keep nibbling and nibbling . This resulted in some sort of religious full feeling. God himself wanted me to finish that piece of pizza try the spinach and feta specialty pizza - reminds you of good pizza in new york" The reason for the three stars was the time it took for delivery.  I believe from the timed the order was called in After ordering from here again I bump my rating up a star.  I've ordered their breadsticks the past two times and have been impressed.  Simple breadstick with a bit of butter brushed on and sprinkled with Parmesan cheese has me swooning.  The marinara sauce to dip it in is amazing as well.  you can't go wrong here. Other than that you may want to look elsewhere." They have really really really good pizza and food.. But dont eat this if ur on a diet lol  and it was pretty awesome. The guy behind the counter was really nice and gave us free cookies. The tuna melt hoagie was really good also."  they were quick to fix it and deliver the replacements within a few minutes.  I can honestly say that the many times we have ordered from Pizza Perfectta Bonus tip: show up early for your takeout to play some pinball! They just swapped in a new one - TRON." "Well since I stop here on my way home from work every Friday I have to give it 5 stars.  Some of my favorite pizza in Pittsburgh.  The cheese blend is really good.  Firm Real good pizza highly recommended. I been going here since the age of Five and its the BEST PIZZA  ever in Shadyside. Great food by far and no need to go to other pizza places if you live in the shadyside area. "For $10 you can get an 8 inch sub and a GIANT slice of pizza. Needless to say  stay away. My boyfriend and i each ate one and couldn't even finish the rest of our dinner. Don't waste your money!" If you're looking for a great place to grab an inexpensive pizza lHP5STO7aomlEQixH8m1aA  not so bad but I probably won't go back... Too heavy for me..." The bottom line for me is that I would eat here again in the future.  I liked the pizza that I had here and may even order a whole one in the future."  nothing too fancy. I have only had the food at this place by delivery and it has always come before and hour has passed. The pizza always comes warm and ready to eat. Nothing to complain about. I did give it only 4 stars because there are a couple of other places that serve homemade ranch on the side which makes the pizza taste even extra delicious." The service here is always very friendly and quick. My husband used to save up to order a shady side special when he was in school. Seriously any meal that he saves up for better be amazing and this is!" The people working there are really nice though which is a plus. Overall  jalapeo poppers and fried mushrooms. All good.  Do yourself a favor and order perfecta."  and their hoagies and gyros are also delicious."  or a lack-luster veggie only sub... but the Mediterranean at Pizza Perfectta is by far the best sub hoagie I have ever ordered from a pizza place. Garlicky  not exceptional but always tasty "They have inaccurate hours posted. I tried to order at 11:30 pm when yelp says they close at 2am and they were already closed. When I told them they have inaccurate hours posted the guy on the phone said ""oh that's ok...."" And hung up on me. I will never be ordering from them again  the slices were pretty floppy. They also skimped on the toppings a bit. I was hoping for a more loaded pizza. I'm not watching my weight--I can handle it. As far as the popcorn chicken goes "Large take out pepperoni pizza filled a delicious hole on a really cold night! It was ready in 15 minutes and was exactly what I was looking for in a take out pizza. Chewy crust I'm not complaining because it was a free lunch  which is heavenly. I find this pizza to be less greasy than others I have tried around town and it's satisfying. I love the sauce and the crust. It's not too much or too little. Just the right amount. The interior is fairly small and best for take-out. They have a display fridge with a few desserts. I've tried their cannoli and it's my favorite. There's also bottled drinks available for purchase."  and theirs is perfect. I always get a salad too but they continue to disappoint on that end. The lettuce is often brown and never crisp. I hope they get it together soon or else I will just stick to pizza. Fast delivery and good price :)"  and always delicious! Everything tastes like it is from scratch--recommend the hoagies Really yum Vegetarian Pizza!  delicious quality with reliable delivery=5 stars. I've walked by the store itself- it's a takeout place." Delivered to our hotel late after a day of family stuff. Hit the spot pretty well. Only wish I'd ordered a bigger one.  but you can't judge a book by it's cover.  This used to be my regular pizza place when visiting family in Pittsburgh and now I make it a point to go back whenever I'm in town.  Coming from the NY NJ area which is pizza and Italian food heaven  took about 30 minutes on a Friday night so not bad. Good pizza for a decent price! I hope my friend keeps going back!"  and most of the time it's early! I think there's only been one instance where I was waiting the full time that they had given for the delivery. They've got tons of topping options  and any dish that you order that has spaghetti sauce or meat sauce is a WINNER!!! Chicken parm is delicious and so is the Marsala!! Enjoy!!" I've been to about ~50 pizza places in Pittsburgh and this is one I would not go back to. Pizza is pretty bland and there is nothing remarkable about it.  but this also arrived cold and soggy. All and all not a terribly positive experience given the vast wealth of take-out options in the area." "Great pizza. They sent us the wrong bread sticks at first (regular instead of cheesy)  3 sauces and a cannoli... we have 3 very unhappy customers. The wings were the most mediocre wings I have ever tasted. I will NOT order here again for the wings NOR will I recommend it to the fellow wings connoisseurs out there. Final verdict: MOST MEDIOCRE wings in town!"  and I'd highly recommend checking out the online coupons on their site. Pizza Perfectta is fast Could not make a pizza to save their life..." One of the best ""Pittsburgh"" buffalo chicken in the city. That being buff chick with the thick cut potatoes "This was not the best pizza. We got delivery and it could have been warmer when it arrived. The flavor was ok. Not sure if I would order from them again. There are many other options for getting pizza "Ate here over the weekend and loved it. My boyfriend got the perogie pizza and said it was phenomenal. I just got plain cheese with extra cheese The biggest issue here is that there is no close by street parking so it is a big pain to pick up food here.  We probably won't return since parking is such an issue." Excellent pizza. Not the best I've ever had. But real good. It's my neighborhood go-to for sure.  and they offer similar conveniences (acceptance of credit cards; delivery).  Given that I don't order food for delivery We will DEFINITELY be back!" "You'd never know it by looking at this spot but it has the best Pizza in Pittsburgh. Tons of toppings  an okay to decent pizza place that delivers. *$1 delivery fee*" They close at 12am and I put my order at 11:58 and they still deliver it fast to me. Great people!! Rude. Rude. Rude. They don't speak English and they don't understand English. And they are rude. Super fast delivery and the food is-always tasty.   Great service and would definitely continue to eat here  and their takeout specials make their larges x-larges an incredibly good deal." Not bad. Ordered a ham and cheese pizza for delivery. Arrived lukewarm but tasted decent enough. Won't have a hankerin' for this place but would order from them again if need be.  they were ridiculously fast about getting it ready and it only took 15 minutes for me to wait to get my pizza from them. I'm sure with delivery it might take longer for your food to be ready but if you pick up your pizza from them instead "Well I havent had Pizza from Pizza perfectta in quite some time. From what i remembered it was pretty good. But today it was absolutely unforgiving! It was as if I had ordered a pie with very light cheese and very lite sauce because 2 of the 3 main ingredients of any good pizza were severely lacking  the negative review on the pizza i orderded 9 days ago was NOT the same for.the pizza i just received tonight. it was really good tonight. i had to order extra cheese and sauce to my liking  tangy cheese in perfect proportion to the basil sauce. Old school done right! Add a bottle of IBC black cherry soda to complete the experience!" I urge everyone to steer clear of the new Anthony's. CAVEAT EMPTOR!!!" Why did you guys close? You guys had the best pizza in and around Carrick. The other places don't compare. I would have bought the business off of you just so there would be a decent pizza place around. I know you have been closed for a few years. Make me an offer l will get this business back up and running!!!! :) Not very good very disappointed Stopped in tonight and got a large Pizza with Peppeoni and Sausage. I called ahead would definitely recommend calling your order in the place was very busy but worth the wait. The pizza is thin crust and was delicious. Great new pizza place. Very disappointed. Wouldn't recommend at all. Got a large pizza. The quality was horrible. The sauce was not a good flavor at all. I had to wait 2 hours just for a pick up for this crap. Their pizza box was more like a diaper. The Pizza bagels were soggy yet burned. The employees looked like a bunch of drug addicts hanging out. And the Prices too high. Biggest waste of money!! I'm glad they are back open! We missed you guys! This is greasy cheesy pizza exactly what I like.  and I'm so happy to be able to taste my childhood again. Their bagels are just like how I remember." I'm very happy they are back in business!" "So happy they are open using Anthonys original recipes. The pizza is the best around.  The hoagies are awesome.  The Iced Tea is the original recipe "I don't really get the great reviews. Maybe its more the nostalgia of them reopening than any thing. The pizza bagels were decent at best and their ""homemade"" tea is basically lemon water. Both i could easily make better at home. Ill give their pizza and hoagie a try "I ordered a bacon pizza and breaded mushrooms.  Disgusting is putting it lightly.  The was hardly any bacon on the pie and the pizza was greasy and soggy.  The mushrooms were burnt and when I bit into one of them They did upgrade so now they take credit cards and debit cards. A few negative things about the place. They close at 9PM during the week. I believe for Summer they should have extended hours because they do have competition with yinz guys pizza which is a block away. They are open until 11. They are losing business. Even if they stayed open until 10 it would be better. No air conditioning in the place. And everytime I call the phone number it goes straight to a voicemail saying they are on another line call back. I can never get through to a person to actually order anything. They did upgrade so now they take credit cards and debit cards. A few negative things about the place. They close at 9PM during the week. I believe for Summer they should have extended hours because they do have competition with yinz guys pizza which is a block away. They are open until 11. They are losing business. Even if they stayed open until 10 it would be better. No air conditioning in the place. And everytime I call the phone number it goes straight to a voicemail saying they are on another line call back. I can never get through to a person to actually order anything.  but only if a certain standard of quality is met. With Ron's This is take out and delivery only. No seating."  but who knows what it's going to be like if quality is slipping.  I guess I will have to go to the deli and pick up the stuff for a homemade hoagie when I feel like having one. For 9 bucks I think I can make a pretty good hoagie for myself and family." Was going to try the buffalo pizza. Tried to call about 9:15 pm Saturday night and they didn't even pick up the phone. They'er menu says that they are open til 10pm  Disappointed again! No longer going to try. I currently don't plan on ordering from this place again. This is a prime example of ""you get what you pay for"" - and personally I'd prefer to spend a couple extra dollars for a tastier and more satisfying lunch."  I am too tempted by the unhealthy selections. Tonight we dined on one of our favorites and it was just as delicious as I remember...a steak wedgie. Dough as fresh as always. Large was enough for 2  because they only do takeout. Ron's is good pizza. Nothing spectacular. I never expect spectacular out of my pizza  great slice.  service is a tad bit slow (since they make it to order!) but the food is worth the wait. they seemed to be doing a great take out carry out order  for anything else I would suggest going else where."  and the place looks like a hole in the wall.  But don't be scared its definitely the best place in the area BY FAR! Other places in the neighborhood may look nicer on the outside  the food is awesome... I would not want to look too closely into the kitchen... but the food is awesome!" I have not been back since." "I tried Pickles tonight for the first time.  I called ahead to order a gyro calzone and was told 20 minutes.  I got there and was told it would be another 10.   It was another 20 before I got my food.  In a bad frame of mind  and hoagies we've gotten from Pickles. Delivery time was decent. Fries are really tasty Overall a decent food option for those living or working in the Allegheny Commons area." I would have given it a 4 star but bathroom cleanliness held them back. I didn't add the street people into my review. The street is being revitalized so a lot of businesses are open and some closed. If it was farther from the liquor store the street people would not have been so plentiful." "Something about the sauce makes me like their pizza.  I think it has a sweet taste to it.  They'll make special requests if you ask them.  Customers and accompanying foot traffic outside is a bit rough in this area of the northside lol.  I like the old school crane arcade machine near the counter.  Dining area is a bit small.  Sometimes doesn't seem like the cleanest joint around  but everything I've had has been worth the wait. I've tried the (Pittsburgh) chicken salad  it was like the fact that we came in to give her our business was a nuisance. Add to that the fact that my mother (who was facing the window and could see all the sidewalk traffic) for about a good 30 minutes saw every other person on the sidewalk walking by with a ""classic"" brown bagged open alcohol container (to be fair I guess it was Happy Hour??)  but at least we tried. The search continues..."  I wish I would have gone elsewhere. Since I can only comment on their gyro; here goes... First "Nick's used to be good with the previous owner Nick's has legit New York Style pizza.  It's dirt cheap too!  and mayo.  I had the gyro.  The meat was perfect and it was a very large portion.  My sister had the fried zucchini and popcorn shrimp and fries.  Everything was perfectly cooked and delicious.  Plus reasonably priced.  We'll def go there again." "Best gyro you will ever have in your life. They really give you a ton of meat. You basically get two gyros for the price of one that's how big it is. It tastes simply amazing. The fries are average  but sometimes they just don't answer the phone during their posted business hours.  This led me to try other pizza places in the neighborhood Small gyro shop with big portions! Orders are ready pretty fast and the prices are good too. I'd come back but not go out of my way to come here." I have stopped here over the years and it is always a positive experience. Good gyros and I think it's one of the best places to come and get full!!. Friendly local area that is a landmark. "You'd never know it from the looks of the place  but it's not the best I've ever had. I'm all about supporting local businesses though and this place is exactly that! :)" "Great pizza!  I highly recommend their carry-out pizza special for $7  and my two growing carnivores left our dinner table quite sated.  Have I eaten there before yes will I eat there again oh heck yes. They are a good bang for your buck with several specials everyday. I end my reviews with this statement and my review of Wiseguys pizza will be no different. I vote with my money and feet  and it all tastes good the next day or 2.  They are very polite on the phone and in person.  We tell our friends and family all the time how much we love Wiseguys Pizza . We have had them over to taste it too and they agree they are good at pizza.   Most important they aren't over priced. I'd rather tip well than to pay over priced pizza.   Wiseguys  keep up the good job.  We appreciate it." i have had so much bad luck with this pizza place    so i stayed away itryed again and sooo disappointed the french fries were so burnt and tasted like they were cooked in old grease the tomatoes on the hoagies were not ripe they were green in some spots they need to get their act together i spend alot on pizza and hoagies they wont get my business any more i tryed to give them a chance you blow it wise guys "This is one of my family's favorites! And who can blame us.... The pizza is affordable and very tasty! My family gets this pizza every time we are in town! If you haven't tried Wiseguys yet  charged my card taking my last $15 (hard times) only to call me back 30 minutes later saying they don't deliver to my street!!!! So my son and I won't eat tonight because these idiots can't properly train their staff by having a list of 'do not deliver to ' streets!!!  Thanks wise guys!!!  I'm literally in tears wondering how I'm going to feed my kid tonight..."  my mother LOVES this place whereas I on the other hand am not much a fan.  For me personally a pizza has to have a good sauce with flavor and spice. The crust has to have some volume. The cheese has to be melted and not like a thin sheet laid atop the pie. I enjoy eating pizza from here when it's my mother option to order....but for me  if you'd like cheap pizza and the typical sides that come along with that then this is your spot. No room to sit and eat so pick it up and get out of there. I am not saying it's bad by any means There pizza never tastes the same Also if you order a salad always ask for dressing because they will not offer any. There are other better pizza places in the area.  than Bomonti or R&B (which lately has had a weird bitter flavor in their food... hmm); not as good as Mandy's. Still: CHEAP! Also  I've never tried the subs. And most nights when you call they put you on hold right away because there is only one person answering the phone  steve offered to deliver a pizza over an hour after they closed on xmas eve just because.  doesnt get any better than that." Them bums dont pay there federal state or local wage taxes. It is a shame that a driver was murdered and another shot doing a ghetto delivery. Fried mushrooms and shrimp basket great. Pizza not so great.  30-40 min wait. Went to pick up my pizza and I arrived to have no pizza at all. They told a driver must have taken by accident. The skinny "Terrible. I lived about 2 blocks away - and with no other options - I still can't bring myself to order from here. Ordered twice in the last 90 days and both times it was terrible. Ended up waiting over an hour each time. First time I got home to find a totally different order; the send time waited over 1.5 hrs for a pizza. Both were crappy  I was there when my girlfriend called the order in. He just said ""sorry man"" and didn't offer any solutions. So we just picked off the garbage toppings that we didn't order and threw most of it away. It would've taken very little effort to fix it for us. All this after it took them an hour to make the thing. I'd go back if I were desperate but it's seriously amateur hour."  we have been in Brighton Heights for many years.  My husband LOVES their buffalo chicken pizza "I really loved the food and some of the employees. But WOW did that manager make a mistake speaking to me the way he did over a 1.5 hour delivered pizza ( I live 7 blocks) with unmelted cheese and wings with no sauce. "" heat up your pizza and I'll bring some sauce down in an hour "" not the response a customer ever wants to hear. It's a shame. All it would have take n was a new pizza and wings. $20 a week plus gone from them." The food they have is very good. It's like a warm welcome when you come in the door. The customer service is a plus. It's a place to try. Although the wings are not up to par....the pizza is by far my favorite.  I've been around the world and I love pizza...but nothing compares to Chubby's for me.  the second time I ordered from Chubby s  I wanted to take a few pizzas to work with me for a night shift. I called with an hour of advance notice. When I got there they had only made one of the two pizzas that I ordered so they threw together the second one gave it to me undercooked and through a handful of cheese on top of the first one that they made that was over an hour old and ran it through the oven so there was new melted cheese over top of a burnt pizza. When I call to complain I was put on hold then promptly hung up on. I would recommend Chubbies if your regular pizza place in Brighton Heights is too busy or has a long wait "I was at a friends house and we decided to order a pizza.  The woman who answered my friends call was very rude (I know this because I was on speaker).  She claimed they didn't deliver to his address which was 1 mile away.  I live over 2 miles from the store and never had an issue with delivery.  The woman eventually hung up on my friend.  He called back and she got defensive.  She hung up on him once again.  Remember We ordered delivery and we live around the corner. It came cold and the sauce tasted a year old from a plastic Rubbermaid container. The meatball sub was bitter and gamey. Never again. Ever.  the cheese will snap when melted (think of how stringy the cheese gets on cheap delivery pizza).  Pittsburgh pizza sauce will taste distinctly of red wine and not oregano (thank God).   Beto's parbakes the pizza and then finishes it for a few minutes before topping it with the cold cheese (by the way  and its not all the way melted.  Always served hot.  Also the curly fries and hoagies are delicious.  Love it or hate it is what I've heard.  It's different  with the pizza saving the review from total damnation." I can't wait until I'm back in the 'burgh to take my fianc there so he can see what real pizza is like."  I'll have to get used to.  :-)  I'd be back for a second shot at it!"  it's ruined. The baked hoagies are to die for. You will not find better anywhere. A little pricey but worth it. The place could be cleaner and it looks like employees are all kids. I still give it 5 stars though. As a sidenote Square Pizza is a great Pittsburgh area thing that alot of people just don't understand Beto's is new to me there is Tons of Cheese and Pepperoni and great Sauce very generous with toppings a little expensive but well worth it.  If you like this pizza try Osso's in Washington PA.  pretty much looked like the biggest hole in the wall I had ever seen! After ordering my cheese piece ( I forget what they call the slices) I forgot about the gross table I was sitting and and had to go order another ""piece."" That trip I think we went at least 3 times ( my step dad prob 6 If your in town worth the experience I don't get this place." definitely worth a stop if you are doing a pizza tour of Pittsburgh."  You just may need to have eaten it as a kid to truly love it."  some very nice Beto pizza chef with a heavy hand will put at least a quarter pound of cheese on each slice. I must get to Beto's soon and have a slice or two and think back to childhood memories and dad."  but our pizza was cold.  All nine cuts of it.  And the garlic wings didn't taste like garlic.  Maybe it was an off night?"  but it was way too messy. The bread got soggy and the darn thing fell apart. It looked more like tomato soup with sausage than a sandwich.  The staff did seem pretty nice  when we landed we of course drove right over (after being awake all night on a red eye flight) so that I could taste all that is awesome in Beto's pizza slices.  It was very good.  We ordered the simple extra cheese pizza.  For those of you who are like me (from Oregon where I guess NO pizza is good) This was just bad pizza.  For the money I expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza.  The cheese and pepparoni were added after the crust came out.  Also the mushrooms were out of a can.  Do not waste money here. After we downed our slices I told her how sitting here has brought me back to my high school years. The pizza still has that same texture This location was crowded and the wait was long  I acknowledge that their style of pizza is not for everybody. Do you love cheese? Do you love it so much that you want it so thick that it doesn't melt? I do! The sauce has chunks of tomato in it and the crust is thin and square cut. It tastes like no other pizza One thing to note - this is my favorite place to get black olives on a pizza A down side to betos is it gets pricey if you eat alot. But hey if thats what good pizza costs then so be it So try it out if you don't like it you're not alone but if you love it you're a member of the cool kids club." Maybe their hoagies will be better."  it was fine. It's just not my style of pizza. They do have some of the hottest wings I have every eaten  and The crust is perfectly crunchy not doughy and chewy which I cant stand. Truly unique and worth a try. I will be back." Try eating more than four pieces Canned green peppers!?! Way too much cheese. The yinzers seem to like it. The average BMI in that place was probably close to 30 and no wonder; the food is incredibly unhealthy. The pizza crust tasted like Pizza Hut. Maybe this place gets good reviews because it's a unique twist on unhealthy; loads of uncooked mozzarella.  just wow. That was without a doubt the worst ""pizza"" I've ever had in my life. Maybe you would like it. Do you like all of your toppings out of a can? I didn't even know you could get canned green bell peppers. Do you like your slices of pizza to be covered with a huge several inch thick mound of uncooked mozzarella cheese? If answer is yes I Like Beto's and I will recommend it to folks  "I'm a fan of Betos. I like the fact that the cheese isn't always melted. The slices are square and the prices are reasonable. Ranch dressing or bleu cheese and you're good to go! The pizza itself is simple: crust Not like any other pizza you have ever had. The crust is crispy and the cheese is uncooked. I hated it at first...but now I live it!  You might have to try it a few times. I will keep coming back. And the price is so cheap! $1.45 for a slice? Kidding me? So on our first night here in Pittsburgh it's getting late and we are hungry. Everythings closed at the point and it's only after 10 pm on a Sunday. We accidentally end up at Beto's and plan to get a medium pizza. They inform us the sell pizza by the slice and it come different from traditional pizza. The pizza crust is cooked with sauce. Once removed from over COLD cheese is put on top with cold topping of your choice. At this point I'm thinking about a sub! My wife decides to try the cold and they tell me they can make them hot if we wish so I get 3 hot ones...I decide I atleast need to bite hers to try this out. We are from Ct...and are accustomed to not only the best pizza in the world but it also being hot. I try my hot version of their pizza and it's just ok. Then I try the cold slice they are known for and it's pretty awesome. I finish my hot slice and we get 2 slices to go...the way they make them normally. I have to confess I should have gone with my first instinct which was just to try it the way they make it....after all it's kinda the point of going to new places...you should not only experience the culture but the food aswell! A must try if you passing through and have never had it like this before. 93UCt9OgWYmypZCpXtUu8g "This ""pizza"" was the worst food I have ever eaten." "So you walk in and proceed to the counter.  You order the pizza with whatever toppings you so desire.  You get handed your drink cups and a number to put on your table and try and find a seat.  Maybe a 15 to 20 minute wait for your pizza.  Your pizza comes out and...... ""what the hell is this?  Take this back!  My cheese ain't melted and the pepperoni ain't cooked!""  Chill my man.....take a few deep breaths....it'll be ok.....just TASTE it......there ya go.....holy cheese right?!  What a blend....It's all over the place and people actually order extra!  That sauce My gut tells me this would be an awesome pizza if only they'd cook it." "This is a place you either love or hate   I love it!  every time I am in Pittsburgh I have to stop in and get enough so I have take home.  The pizza is sold by the square slice.  The sauce is chunky tomato based and baked with cheese. period. after it comes out of the oven it is sliced and heaped with more cheese and what ever topping you want.  I suggest just sticking to the peperoni.  The toppings are not cooked I love this place.  Every time I am town I have to stop and pick up a couple cuts.  I even take them home with me to Baltimore.  They are great even days later.  Coming to town in a couple weeks and am I definitely taking some home to my fiance.  Cheese cheese and more cheese please.  This is my favorite pizza ever.  Beto's is my very first stop after leaving the airport." Never mind that I've lived in Pittsburgh all my life and have never heard of Betos until I moved 3 streets behind it. NOT a ""Pittsburgh institution.""" Great food and great pricing. Don't get me wrong the pizza is good but the hassle I could do without."  very different I must say. I am so not for the cold uncooked toppings on my pizza No way. A ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza? No no no. No beer either.  but classic in its own way... Square cut pizza with cold toppings... So frigging good...just let the cheese melt....." Worse than store freezer pizza. What with the cold cheese on top of hot pizza? Terrible. If you want quality; Fiori's is a few miles away. 93UCt9OgWYmypZCpXtUu8g There is about 10 tables in the restaurant (booths tables) ... clean reputable." The thing about Beto's is you either love it or you hate. I personally love it. The uniqueness of the cold toppings on the hot pizza is something that Beto's does perfectly. I've been a loyal customer for 10+ years and have continued to order 3 cuts with extra cheese every time. One of the biggest perks to Beto's is that it's family owned by a great group of people. This place is sure to not disappoint.  it's not like any other pizza on the planet. Nice hot crispy crust with cold cheese& toppings thrown on at the last minute before serving. Definitely an awesome experience My family has been eating here since they ran it out of the old building next door! A real craving-type pizza with an acquired taste. Also a family of 4 can get out of here for around $25." I'm not even hungry. I really want to do nothing but sleep. But I CAN'T. You know why? Betos pizza is down the street! I can't miss out on the amazingness that is betos. This has been a staple in my family for several generations A different style (love or hate) pizza. A square cut thicker crust with cold shredded cheese on top. It's different enough that it is a good chance of pace to your standard pie. Good pizza as well as other great menu options.  Good prices too. 93UCt9OgWYmypZCpXtUu8g  and it can be difficult to find a table Didn't live up to my expectations at all.  Waste of time and money.  Sloooooow service.  but it's not good either. Super sloppy and there's far better pizza elsewhere. The dining room atmosphere is weird... It's like where Sugar Bear took June on their date to the cafeteria but without fluorescent lights. Plastic forks 93UCt9OgWYmypZCpXtUu8g "This is absolutely my favorite pizza of all time. I've been going to Beto's since I was a kid When I came into town again this past month Please stop in. It's a dive but it's outrageously good!!!" The pizza is ok. The tomato chunks are delicious and the pepperoni too. But they don't bake it and the stuff all slides off the crust. Overloaded too much with cheese . Not horrible but certainly not the best.  I think Beto's has the best Italian hoagies in Pittsburgh. I believe their cheese is what elevates their food. Absolutely amazing!" I dig it though. Good job beto's. Way to stand out from the mediocre pizza that plagues pittsburgh."  as the dining room is small and seating is first come first served.  I love this place Don't order extra cheese. A normal cut will have more than enough cheese." "Nowhere else quite like betos. If you love cheese and like trying something different this place is awesome.  I grew up in Pittsburgh and get back rarely "I love Beto's pizza! It is not always the same though. Occasionally you get a day when it's off. It is also not for everyone. Tons of unmelted cheese  but not as good as the unique tasting cold toppings that you go to Beto's for! The pizza can get pricey with additional pricing for many of the toppings The best. Not as good as it was in the early 70's but still love it. One of my favorite pizza spots in Pittsburgh.  Been coming here for years.  The only downside is if you go and they are just putting a pizza into the oven.  The wait to grab your cuts can be a long wait.  Well worth it because of how damn good it is.  hot sauce and crunchy crust truly speak to my mouth's palate. I always find an excuse to stop her. Last time we had a steak hoagie too. It was big and full of flavor as well. It's no wonder they have been around for a long time. LOVE. LOVE. LOVE BETO'S. ~ Dionne Malush Definitely a must have but different..only place I've ever been that only bakes the dough n sauce then puts on toppings including a mound of cheese once it's out of the oven..the sauce is great w chunks of tomatoes....you can also bring home the pizza n bake a few minutes to melt the cheese n toppings  which makes it a 5star pie....The Italian hoagie is really good also..  just shut up and try it.  This pizza is unlike any you've had before but if you like pizza it is a must have.  I dont make a trip to Pittsburgh with out stopping by Betos.  The toppings are plentiful  waited almost an hour for two cuts of cheese pizza They accept cash and credit cards."  ask for the toppings separate so they are still raw!  Its absolutely awesome!" The square size is very reminiscent of the pizza slices I remember from the school cafeteria in grade school and it makes me feel like a kid again.  Fortunately  based on the amount of business they were doing you may want to give it a try. I for one will not be returning..."  I would have liked to see a little variation of lettuce but it was just plain iceberg. It was a nice size and had some fresh veggies and of course some of the amazing cheese!!! It's the coldest day of the year and they have the fans on  you have to! And if you haven't tried it more than once "We ended up going in and getting slices for carry out. The service was very good. The cashier was very friendly and even complimented us. The wait time was only about 5 minutes The bottom line for me is that I probably will not be back again in the future.  While I know that many people love it  and service was fast. We will be going back every Friday as a new date night tradition. If you have never been  the crunch of this pizza crust makes me go weak at the knees. I just want to HEAR everyone at my table bite into their slice of pizza...is it so much to ask? Then you experience the perfectly thin layer of sauce. Then the mound of shredded Extremely inexpensive. Quick service. Down-to-earth staff. A very 'family-run' feel. Bring your buddies or your S.O. or your family  so I figured I'd give it a shot. Wow. It was unlike any pizza I've ever had. It should be its own genre of pizza. I had a slice with extra cheese Subs are out of this world!  Huge in flavor and size!  Definitely worth the stop.  Fast service  West Virginia originally this is the only pizza that reminds me of ""home"". If you have never had square pizza I recommend you get some right now. Top those slices with some nice cold cheese and you don't even need any other toppings. I can't speak highly enough about this place!!" Conclusion: Novelty Pizza + Pinball = Try this if you are in Pittsburgh"  the food is great at the right price. Two slices of their square cut pizza is enough for me and at a $1.40 a slice you cannot go wrong. The shredded cheese on top is truly for the cheese lovers like me. You can ask them to melt the cheese on top but I like it just as is. If you choose to add toppings they give you plenty and charge about 50 cents def worth it. They also serve hoagies and sandwiches which I would love to try but the pizza is too darn good not to get." 93UCt9OgWYmypZCpXtUu8g This place has the best Italian hoagie ever. The pizza is also a very good change of pace from other traditional styles of pizza.  this is always our first stop as soon we we get into Pittsburgh. This pizza is like no other! The portions are huge  and fast. Easily one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh. My only complaint is that the dining area is very dirty."  the sauce (chunks of tomatoes) is delicious This pizza was okay. I tried after hearing a bunch of people talk about it and the none melted cheese. Who wouldn't be curious? The pizza is a little over priced. I think they could cut costs a bit if they weren't putting pounds of unnecessary mozzarella on top. The crust was really crispy and thick which I loved. The sauce is sweet but was good. The cheese...the mound of cheese... It was a little too. I had to take off half of it. Kinda a waste. I may go back but not going to be my go to pizza place.  that this wasn't the right pizza place for me. He told me I wouldn't want to order from them and hung up the phone. Not sure if it was because if my Hispanic accent or what but he was extremely rude and didn't even give me a chance to order or ask. I would have been perfectly fine with a red sauce "First went here in 1967. Two slices with free extra cheese and pepperoni for 15 cents. Even when it was free The food is cheap (and cheesy) as can be. Swing by for lunch  know that it is pretty spicy and they are really generous with it."  chunky tomatoes and lots of cheese. Little off putting as the waitress set the plate down on the table the cheese rubbed up against the tabletop which caused me to remove any of the cheese that touched. I enjoyed the pizza Awesome pizza. Wish I had known about this place years ago! But glad I heard about it and tried it out. One of my absolute favorites now. Pizza connoisseurs delight. This is a unique pizza experience like no other. The sauce is full of flavor and the mounds of fresh grated mozzarella cheese never disappoint. Order two cuts - one cheese and one with extras.  and this is not even pizza!!! It's a thick cracker like dough with canned sauce (tastes like that) and COLD cheese covering everything. JUST AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" I usually get take out from this place but there is a small seating area to eat at. This isn't one of those places where you must eat at the restaurant since the pizza is cold anyways."  chunky tomatoes; also the unmelted cheese makes this pizza my favorite. When I go (which isn't too often sadly) I get 3 pieces because it's so divine!!"  and had heard of the cold cheese gimmick. Not my cup of tea...just a heads up if you go there to compare to other pizzerias.  Not comparable to the other top ten pizza joints in Pittsburgh."  get over it or find another job. I did it myself when I worked at a pizza shop years ago. The pizza itself is ok at best.  There's absolutely no organization in the dining area hands down the most slept on pizza shop in pittsburgh.  its the best in my opinion.  cold toppings is badass to say the least. not your typical pizza which puts it light years ahead of the rest of the pizza game.  crispy squares of pizza with mounds of cold cheese on top.  Kind of weird when you first try it  maybe it's not always so cheese-rific. Or if you really love cold shredded mozzarella cheese There's nothing like it and nothing better. That's all there is to say. "Get the cheese baked. I love it that way! It is delicious! It is usually always crowded  cuts still not done so asked for refund which they were willing to do. As they began processing refund guy comes with cuts in box . Though great can't eat here but at least can take back to work.  Get to work open box tons of cheese but COLD (I know they serve with cheese put on after but usually melts a little from heat from the pizza but the pizza was cold so not melted at all. No oven or toaster oven at work to heat up so no lunch Friday.  Maybe if you have like an hour an half for lunch may work. Friend hoagie was good but got little cold while waiting for cuts and never did get fries." Betos has always been a family favorite. When I was a child and would stay at my grandparents house it always was a treat. Now that I have children of my own. I also bring them to Betos for a treat. When they come it's so exciting.  Now that I have grandchildren they are getting to experience this great treat. Betos is the best. They do not deliver but that's part of the Betos experience. The wait whether it's to go or to get a seat in the restaurant part is exciting. Just love Betos  and I sometimes get a fourth slice and take it home for later.  The only things I don't like about this place are the parking outside and the seating availability in the dining area; it can be hectic during peak hours and you might have to stand around a bit for a table to open up. Those aren't enough to keep me from coming back though!" "Don't know what I just ate but 10 minutes after consuming what I thought was pizza Never unsatisfied ..its aways delish each and every-time . The only complaint was the line was too long and they take pride in every slice ....a great ideal. .......Simple the best  good prices and good size plates. hint: make sure you love cheese. will be back if in the area again." Pizza is good with the cold cheese but the place is Always dirty and no one wipes off the tables. He employees walk by dirty tables then people sit at them. Beto's---I love you!! You had me at raw toppings! I'm one for extra cheese on everything. The cheese on this pizza is so generous that extra is never needed. I've been a patron since I was a kid. Primo pizza. Thank you for existing!!  I don't think I'd rank it with ""the best"" in Pittsburgh. But there's something about mounds of cheese on a crisp crust at a pretty cheap price. For the best experience  it's not like most pizza. Something about cold cheese going on hot pizza that melts slightly makes it delicious." Shame on Betos for such poor customer service and product!" Everything here is so good!  The pizza is unique and delicious.  All of the cooked foods are delicious too.  Try the curly fries!!  =) I will never forget Campiti's. As a youngster growing up playing on Potomac Avenue and Dormont. My favorite pizza was and still is Campiti's. I have not found an equal in the 18 years I have been in CA. The hoagies were pretty damn good too.  Campitis is the place to get pizza and hoagies.  I've been going here since I was a kid and will always go here... as long as I can.  The atmosphere and the pizza are as good as it gets.  Campitis defines ""hometown pizza"" and  this place is for you . Try  the bacon pizza .. It's fantastic . Cash only place"  it tastes like Geno's frozen pizza from the grocery store. The pepperoni was very good. The crust was super thin and tasted like a salteen cracker. I've had much better pizza and will be exploring other options next time I'm in the burg." grew up on camps....best sausage toppings in the area....hoagies are also tasty  but it is a little chewy and just a little brown around the edge.  One thing that I notice is they do not overload the pizza with sauce and toppings like some places.  Enjoyed our pizza and will be back.  Have had the hoagie in the past and if I remember correctly I liked how it was served in a brown bag  (hate dealing with disposing of pizza boxes).  I also think the pizza reheat well which is an underrated My family comes from the South Hills Area then moved down to Washington Pa. Since i was little at least once a month we would drive to Camp's for pizza and hoagies.  I now work in this area and date someone from there so i have tried many pizzas around here.  if your looking for good cheesie yummieness go for Fiori's but  if u want great  this place will be on my TOP 5 till I die." "Great pie...I could eat a whole large though...if you like a thin crust "Good pizza.  Not great. Thin dry crust.  A pizza that has to be eaten quickly to be enjoyed.  Cools off in two minutes.  Clean. Good value for the money. However  wherever you start in Allegheny County." Aside from the quaint brown paper on cardboard packaging I just can't get into bland sauce on cardboard equivalent crust. I've had better factory pizza at $6 for a large around the block.  even) and because someone told me it's been their favorite pizza since they were wee little. I think a lot of places in Pit have false-yum status because people are just emotionally attached to things they've eaten for so many years... I don't fault them for that Cex2R008tMFg8R5fAtf77w "Pizza was absolutely great. We enjoyed the smell and taste was good. The crust is hard but taste good. I really enjoy this pizza I would really recommend this pizza place "Consistent and quality.  Although it might be a love it or hate it thing.  I love it This is the pizza I cut my first tooth on as a kid.  It will always be my standard measure for greatness in pizza.  Come enjoy and explore Dormont. Rating considerably improved. Give them a shot. :-)" "This place is some of my favorite pizza anywhere in the US.  This place is delicious and the pizza is top notch! Love the smaller pepperonies and the crumbled sausage.  The hoagies are delicious too Quality has taken a nosedive since changing hands.  Nothing is as good as it was.  Now it's just crap. Sauce and cheese are both great but their dough is a little bit thinner which can sometimes result in a crispier dough that isn't my preferred style This is a take out pizza place. Don't waste your time dining in and expect to have five star waiters and service. This isn't the place for that."  and all around greasy and gooey in every way a pizza should be. Very no fuss pizza  i get them about once a week and they are always cooked to perfection." I grew up in Dormont and thus grew up on Campiti's pizza. This is the greatest pizza shop in the world and I can't wait to get back.....until then my frozen mini camps will have to hold me over.  delicious and noteworthy the sauce is amazing the dough is always cooked to perfection. Their hoagies are even delicious there is not one thing I do not like on their menu. Wish they delivered  but that has nothing to do with an emotional attachment because this pizza is amazing regardless of when I started eating it. The best part about it is that they're still here from my childhood  but in reality it was still just good or rather you new what to expect ..Most often high as a kite ...it didnt seem to matter . There pie and sub went from okay to a zero and the prices a small pep and half was 14 bucs ...a little kid could pound ..without a breath ... I didnt see a difference in the res...I could taste the ingredients . I rate things on your only as good as your last....prep...and thats the last chance ....as they purposely fudged my pizza up ...I would suggest go to betos ...they arnt as low ...Ive spent a few bucs here. Not a dime every again .. When i noticed the sub dried out and the pizza burnt ....I new the intent ...They dont deserve any stars ....because if there willing to disgrace there product there willing to do anything And then i went down to gyro place  People around here are mostly split on Camp's or Fiori's . To me it isn't even close. Fiori's is cardboard compared to how good this is. My humble opinion." "Best pizza in the city..unless you want Sicilian style..then hit Betos. We ordered and inhaled a medium everything pizza and a half steak half Italian hoagie....we should have gotten a large and whole hoagies. Delicious and the pizza was bubbly hot and fresh out of the oven. I didn't mind waiting as the guys behind the counter were friendly  it was time to eat.  Little Nipper's to the rescue.   Ordered a few different style pizza's and some wings.  Nice crust not thin but not to thick best pizza on beverly rd Had the gnocchi delivered. Absolutely terrible. Gnocci's had to have been 2 years old. Delivery guy was shady too. This place might be great for people who love fresh made bread and lots of cheese I don't like this place at all. The staff here is always rude and has no sense of care at all for their business. A couple years ago I had heard they smoke over making their pizza. All of their employees tend to be shady. I don't recommend at all. We don't know if this place is under new management "I just moved to Carnegie and was looking for a good pizza joint. I put my order in for a chefs salad and fried mushrooms and after over an hour wait time I was less than excited about what I got. The mushrooms were SOAKING WET the first one I bit into had so much liquid I nearly choked. The salad when I first opened it was literally just cheese I poured on the dressing and shook it up and when I opened it back up it was 60% meat 30% cheese and 10% veggies. While most people wouldn't complain I was little upset having to throw away what felt like a pound of meat because there's no way any human can handle that much in one sitting. I can't comment on their pizzas or customer service as I ordered online "Under new ownership so I thought I'd give them a shot. Tried to order using a coupon from their website They have a lunch buffet here too.  I've never tried it because I prefer my food made-to-order."  is their chicken salad.  Its topped with crisp fries - Pittsburgh style - plus melted mozzarella cheese.  Divine.  Just a warning - don't make a mistake thinking the steak salad is just as good.  The steak has a musty taste." The food here is pretty good.  But you're always better off getting it to go." "This is a solid downtown lunch break spot. They run a special between like 11-2 where you can get 3 cuts buffet style (with lots of different types) with a pop for 6 or 7 bucks. Perfect for those days when you oversleep and don't get a chance to pack a lunch. The pizza is nothing that you'd fall asleep dreaming of  three stars doesn't mean the place is mediocre.  It simply means the place does the basics very well and they're good "My office often gets Pizza delivered from Monte Cello's. The crust is thin and the pizza is decent.  I have gone there a few times for lunch to grab a few slices of pizza (with others). I agree that the small fountain drinks with no refills is annoying.  If I am going to eat in  but for salads and hoagies? Not so much." The restaurant is always crowded  at lunch time.  There is a large turnover of pizza so it's always hot." Server said chicken parm sub was whole white meat - it was just a breaded mushy patty. Yuck. My friend got an italian sub that was OK. Skip this place - there are other decent cheap eats downtown. Always have a decent lunch here. The pizza is ok.....but not my favorite....I enjoy the chicken parm hoagie....the specials are nice in an affordable way.....and quick too. I was taken here during my lunch break from work and I was not disappointed.  There were more than enough workers to compensate for the lunch rush.  The food was prepared fresh and fast.  The prices were cheap and fair.  The portions were huge and caused a nice food coma during my business trip to ""PGH.""  Thus Each day of the week they have a $3 lunch special. One of my co-workers always goes on Wednesday for their lasagna (a portion that may not fit in a shoe box). I'd try Mama Lucia's again for a sandwich or pasta  very filling and cheap. Pizza is good but not great. Can't beat the price in downtown Pittsburgh  & drink is $6 & some change. They have different daily specials for each day of the week. Monday= 6in meatball... wed =I love the buffalo chicken horead agie and chicken parm hoagie. Their calzones look good. I often order a cash fry (chicken I highly reccomend it and anyone I have taken to this place always gives it equally high praises no matter what they order."  cheap and the pizza is nice and oily  but we found this to be a low-maintenance spot with great Italian food at a great value."  I'm not from around pitt but i stopped in with my girlfriend for light up night. Great food "I have been craving pizza for days so for lunch I grabbed 2 slices and a side salad in an effort to balance my poor decision.  The pizza was greasy and good. The side salad was a handful of lettuce I'd read very mixed reviews of Villa Reale so I was a little hesitant about ordering from here.  But my 6"" Italian hoagie was as good as any I've had from any other Downtown place like Monte Cello's."  but not outstanding." Salad just okay. Iceburg lettuce :(. Pizza pretty good. Decent pizza and calzones.  Get rid of the canned mushrooms! Crowded at lunch.  Calzones are huge!  onions & cheese and a brewed ice tea.  It was the perfect way to end a season of outdoor lunches."  my friend in a wheelchair came in and his friends wanted to sit at the bar for a slice.  They asked if there was an exception to the rule about being at the bar.  The manager told my friend that he could not be accommodated.  That's illegal and immoral and absolutely disgusting."  please come to your senses and adjust your prices. While you played a significant role in my childhood  I continue looking for a nice thick slice of pizza that I can adopt as my ""go-to"" quick lunch in Downtown Pittsburgh."  and then serve me endless glasses of Coke Zero.  That's how!  Villa has regained a fan in me...good hoagies and Coke Zero...SWEET!" The canned mushrooms are gone!  Hurray!  Went back today for lunch for a pepperoni and mushroom Calzone.  It was huge!  The price was $12.25 which is a little high for lunch but it was very enjoyable.  The dough is very thick.  This is the best Calzone I have ever had.  It is filled with lots of cheese and toppings. More is not always better the serving size could easily have fed six grown adults."  it just didn't blow me away or anything.  Good for a quick lunch at the counter."  but when I want a quick slice downtown  and have never disliked anything I got.  They have the pizza you can buy by the slice and pick your toppings along with their many other specials.  The one bartender there is super nice and wears the cutest hats.... I think their homemade sauce is really good too.  The restaurant could use some major updating and remodeling.  otherwise it is a good lunch stop!" "Done with this place...  It seems every time we go there they get slower and slower.  Today we waited 50 minutes for a cheese pizza that we never got before walking out.  I complain to the guy making pizzas and he says ""you're not the only one's here"".... Well  and pizza. I have to recommend the pizza. Though i have tried about a dozen dishes and no complaint. I usually get a slice of pizza and today I added in a side of meatballs. I do want to add you won't be paying a fortune at this place.  The service can get bogged down at lunch but the staff will get you in and out. Try it out and go hungry! I bet you won't spend $10. Bring a few friends and split a pie. ;)" It's not the most inexpensive pizza joint downtown (I think my slice ended up being $4-$4.50) but if you're a recovering Noo Yawker like me looking to fulfill some culinary nostalgia The pizza itself is very good.  A bit pricey "Best pizza is Pittsburgh. I have been eating there for years. Most consistent delicious pizza. Good hoagies.And if you need a slice or 2 on the go  the service and very friendly atmosphere makes up for it. I'm enjoying a Small Adams now and just taking it all in.  Hard to believe this is the same establishment that runs the lunch crew." Villa is the best pizza in Pittsburgh! I love the jalapeo and pepperoni toppings.  Everything about it is great! I didn't get pictures but I highly recommend this little piece of pizza heaven!"  and all around great pizza.  Stop in for a slice and a beer."  my husband stated he wouldn't. I didn't get the vibe he did but he usually can read places pretty well so I'll probably listen to his opinion on this one. But if you want a cheap drink  making it vegetarian friendly was financially impossible. I went out on a limb and asked if they could omit the ham and replace it with some veggies. No. They said that each vegetable would be $2.50 EACH. Yikes. With that said  nothing. Had I not flagged the waitress with my card I would have waited to pay as well." "This review is solely on the service. The food is delicious. The problem is that they don't have enough  people working there to deal with the lunch crowd in the heart of downtown. Also if u just want a slice or two they put exactly that in the oven. They don't make whole pies and slice them up for individual slice orders. Which makes the wait even longer. Also the girls working the register are also the waitresses  my hubby and I ventured off away from our hotel room downtown to find Sports Rock Cafe.  tight striped t-shirts and tennis shoes.  They are young and cute (but not too cute).  and they deliver!  to half the city!  I don't even have to leave my house!"  better value for your money than the tourist traps down at Station Square.  Really enjoyed the Spinach and Feta pizza and the fettucine w  meatballs.  Definitely underrated."  or else you might wait a little while.  I got their grilled chicken salad and the chicken they had on it was some of the best I've had downtown." Definitely order delivery from them because the mezzanine level place is hard to get to and you have to get buzzed into the building."  I wished I had ordered some too because it smelled REALLY good. Next time I'll try the pizza." nBl_NeArpL08MpoghDiA_A I order food for delivery at my hotel. I got the chicken carbonara.  It came with salad and toast it was the BOMB. It was delivered piping hot and it was a lot of food I ordered he individual size and its enough for two people.  I also got slice of strawberry cheesecake.  but the place redeemed itself when our order came out.  If this place found a  little nicer location on street level  so I feel like I have tried most of the restaurants in the city. I hadn't tried this place yet and was in the mood for pizza. I ordered the Mediterranean pizza and it was a little greasy but all in all pretty delicious. I would recommend."  but not too quick. It is pretty clear that they make everything to order. And it's all delicious." Will not be a repeat customer." Highly recommended at least for late night hotel delivery"  and are super friendly."  I suggest you the sausage they have crumbled pieces all over the pizza.  The wings were also on point I'd advise just getting delivery."  along with an aging ping pong table) but the pizza is why you came and it does not disappoint. Recommend for a dive pizza meal." *VERY* highly recommended."  so I like good crust and though it's up there with a soft boboli it's still easy to eat and won't rough up your mouth.  I ordered the Ephesus Pizza with lamb skewers ($16.00 large).  It is a white pizza with minimal ingredients except for the lamb skewers.  They packed on 8-9 small skewers of lamb and I have to admit What a taste!!! Just obsessed with the food. Definitely try the Turkish food which is fabulous!! (mixed grill and Ephesus pide are one of my favorites)  he finally decided to park and come up. I really don't want to have to argue with someone to get them to do their job when I order delivery. And I certainly don't want to have to leave my house The Moroccan Spiced Chicken and Dry Plum pizza is an exotic treat! I also liked their cinnamon sticks to death! Very good. I can't believe they delivered to us all the way from downtown in such short time. Awesome pizza joint. Better luck next time." "So being new to pittsburgh i have been disapointed with a lot of the delivery food and just food options in general. Took a chance on this place last night and im happy to say i will be a repeat customer until the food and service isnt the same. I really hope the rest of the menu is as good as the pizza. We ordered the steak ranchero pizza and OH MY LAWD.. .delicious probably the best pizza i have had in a long time. The delivery guy was super nice and called when he got to my place i met him at the door  you set the bar for all other local delivery spots to try to live up to!"  it is out in full glory on 4th Ave near PPG Place.  I had the chorizo and manchego pizza for one.  The amount of veggies - cooked to perfection - on top was astounding.  Mounds of onions and peppers "My husband and I just moved here from the NYC area and we've been looking for a good pizza place. After trying a few different sub-par Pittsburgh pizzerias "After ordering from here my credit card number was stolen. Since this was the only place I had used it in a number of weeks "When you are there order the Ephesus Pizza. It is their signature pizza "This is the best pizza I have found in Pittsburgh so far. It makes me sad that it has taken me four years of tasting quite mediocre pizza before finding this gem. So far my favorite is the steak pizza I was with a crowd of friends. One of whom ordered the lamb kebab and everyone raved about it (not a meat eater  and let's say it was not pleasing to the American pallet. It was too spicy and no cheese! If you like plain pizza stay away from the pide. Their commercials are always on TV. If your looking for a good pizza place try milanos." 2- Delivery can be a hit or miss: To 15222 it is great!  To 15203 it is iffy."  but it's so good. It doesn't even need toppings. And the ranch dipping sauce is delightful! Highly recommend their delivery!"  even the bread is covered with oil ! I suggest they make it healthier with more whole wheat option Delivery was pretty quick as well..."  I don't want to imagine what's going on in the back!!! I don't think I'm being harsh. That was one too many violations in my opinion."  disgusting employees. I think that's actually their slogan."  great perfect timing in order to feed my staff at lunch when the girl repeated the phone number back I realized that this was the general number and asked if she could take my direct dial that way they would actually reach someone when the called to notify me that the delivery was in the lobby she repeated it back and I thought all was well. I called back at 12:29 and asked if my order had left yet and all I was asked was what was the address OMG amazing pizza! I had the Lamb Kebob small and am blown away!  I can't believe I hadn't bound this hidden treasure sooner!  but I have had some issues with delivery....sometimes it seems like they pick and choose whether or not they want to deliver to certain locations around 15203. I understand that they have other locations in Bellevue and Aspinwall I've had my orders delivered all three times I've ordered from the place since moving there  but as it is so hard to find good food delivered to Troy Hill (not counting using Meals Delivered) Should go but don't get angry" "Just moved to downtown Pittsburgh from NYC and this is the best delivery pizza I've come across so far. Prices are great and menu is really diverse We waited over 2 hours for the food to be delivered. The owner had no idea when the food was dispatched or when the food was made. She promptly explained that the internet was down. However  they didn't check the computer orders. Okay mistakes happen. Whatever. The emailed price tells me $14.97. The driver who delivered the food tells us we owe $17.99. Either their driver is untrustworthy and lying about $3 because he really needs the money or is tired of being poorly tipped  but well seasoned. The side of ranch dressing was soooooo good with the hint of garlic. Probably one of the best ranch dressing I had in a while. I highly recommend this place if you're in the mood for something a little more exotic than your ordinary cheese pizza. Prices are on the higher end It was all kind of meh to me. I'll give the benefit of the doubt and suppose their pizza is better One important thing to note is that Ephesus seems to have relocated since several of the previous reviews were written--they are now located at street level on 4th Ave.  order from the Bellevue location I used to live there and would order from them all the time. they never caused me problems." My favorite delivery in Pittsburgh by far. Make sure you get extra ranch always. They really went above and beyond tonight with my special order. It's refreshing to receive such wonderful service." I love this please. I was visiting town. My Indian friend suggested this please. He eats most of his lunch from there. It is the best turkish pizza in US. Definitely recommend. "This is great food. It has slowly but surely become my go-to for delivery since moving to the Strip earlier this year. I have had their traditional pizzas Great food pizza & wings.  Yelp's ordering online makes it sometimes too easy to order :) I was waiting for pick up so long and also women who works there was rude!" Wow what great Pizza and Wings. I have a new favorite place when I visit Pittsburg.  Delivers right to my hotel room in Green Tree. Can't say enough about their food and quick service. "For delivery food i say this place is great. Ordered three times already. The gyro salad is awesome i got this house made vinaigrette it was so good "Food is amazing. The service isn't the same as it was before. Seems unorganized and I wish we didn't order online and leave a tip ahead of time. I think our food was actually finished when we came a few minutes after our set pick up time crooks they overcharge you on grubhub with increase price. stay away don't try these crooks. food is terrible so is customer service. there are better restaurants in pittsburgh. this is piss poor excuse for a turkish restaurant.  so I went with 3 stars. Still unsure as to whether or not I'd order again.... : "  a gyro and fries for a special recognition for one of my co-workers. we chose this restaurant because of the ratings and wanting to try something new. I ordered through grub hub. the order was to include a free cheesy bread and two-2 litre drinks. there was a spot to leave instructions. I asked that the pizzas be cut into squares (they show it this way in a photo) and for one of the drinks to be diet. After not receiving the food for 30 minutes past the promised time I ordered the boneless wings with garlic sauce and they were terribly hard as well as salty. Delivery was fine but the food was terrible. Never ordering from them again. "I work downtown late night and often forget to pack a lunch so ordering out is often the thing to do. My co workers and I have ordered from several places downtown and this place is in the top 3 for sure. Always quick with delivery Not going back. Food is great but consistency is not. They must have enough business...."  or the lack of customer service. Lost the business of a customer who has given  $300 of business in a day with a who cares attitude. This place sucks!" Not everybody likes tons of cheese on their pizzas some people like to relish the flavor of the sauce Very dry and bland kebabs .. disappointed!!  though: I have always wondered why Ephesus doesn't just concentrate on their Turkish cuisine. NO ONE else in Pittsburgh does that and their kebobs are amazing. I feel their Turkish cuisine outshines their pizza by a lot as another person said in a review. It isn't that you don't make great pizza. It is just that you do other things more justice. Do those!"  the crust was crispy and it held up well to the generous amount of cheese and toppings on it.  I paid $5.33 for both slices which I would consider a bargain for the quantity and quality that I got. Not the best pizza I ever had but it sure was tasty. I'd go back again." I had the Greek pizza with gyro meat and it was truthfully the best pizza that I've had in a very long time. I highly recommend stopping in and I will definitely be back! "I wanted to try a new place and ordered a pizza on 6 27 and when it arrived the driver took the pizza out of his trunk and the cheese (not surprisingly) had slid entirely off the whole pizza into a corner of the pizza box.  I showed it to the driver SvoJ3Y3uqDfB4iGUaWXh8Q  usually when running around at events like First Night or the Gallery Crawls...not the best pizza I have ever had in my life  but what is worse is the people who run the place.  They screwed up my order and refused to fix it.  I told them I was going to throw it away and order from somewhere else.  And I did.  Its really too bad  I liked that it was served on garlic bread and the Italian dressing was great. Perfectly toasted. I feel like it was a bit pricey for a ten inch veggie hoagie and a soda at 9.75 but it was late and I was hungry. It's a small joint My husband once got a pizza in Milwaukee where they put Kraft singles on it as cheese and Pizza Parma is just behind that for worst pizza ever."  though! LOL. The pizza's pretty good as well. I had a big slice of pepperoni pizza and had no problems with it. They have a large menu also." SvoJ3Y3uqDfB4iGUaWXh8Q I will definitely go back for their pizza." "I honestly have no idea what half the people on here are talking about - this  pizza is amazing.  I don't even know what is so good about it The gentleman told me he didn't know what was in the food and I should look it up online."" Then he proceeded to say if I was worried I should have someone taste it and snorted when I said I was dining alone. I'm upset and offended. I run my own business... and promote local business's constantly. I will be very sure to let everyone know this Pizza Parma.. believes the customer is not only not right  it was actually pretty decent. But the place was disgusting and the cashier was incredibly rude." Food was pretty good.  I had the Greek salad and my sister had pizza both good choices here.  Staff is friendly.  I've eaten better pizza in my life but if it's 10pm and all choices out there are McDonald's Good for a fast lunch. Had the gyro and added feta. Gyro was fine. Bottle of coke had icy slush in it.  good food and cozy atmosphere. Open late so best place to stop by and get some delicious snacks. 20"" hoagie is the bomb:)"  we loved it the first time!  My guess is that if you get pizza right out of the oven you're good to go - otherwise  and the pizza and wings are consistently good. Food always arrives within a reasonable amount of time The pizza was delicious! Just the right balance of cheese and a tasty sauce Thanks Pizza Parma! You are a champ!" I'd choose this place over a Sbarro's 9 times out of 10.....and I like S'barros The shop is small & the decor is super bright which makes you want to get in & out quickly but who the hell eats in there anyways. ... you're grabbing your order & running." The shop is small & the decor is super bright which makes you want to get in & out quickly but who the hell eats in there anyways. ... you're grabbing your order & running." Service was great as well! The man working the counter acknowledged us from the moment we walked through the door and was nothing but kind. He answered all of our questions and was very polite." If this is really the best pizza in Pittsburgh... wow." "Zero stars. Came in 10 mins before close. Female manager on duty asked for $100 in exchange for a pizza. When we refused she said she could not serve us because her employees had been working since 9am.. Pizza is delicious chicken ranchero is one of the best pizzas i have ever had and they have a deal where u get xl specialty pizza with free sub or wings deff a must try  as the old elevated and connected chairs and tables in here sounded like they wanted to break apart at any moment...maybe it's time to update them. After all Never order from them." "This place has great service! My best friend and I got 2 custom orders and the older guy in back came out to the register to take our orders personally.  I assume he's either the cook Really good pizza. Fast. Friendly. Good price. Eat here. Great after game stop on a Sunday afternoon. If I could give zero stars I would. Their pizza is horrible to begin with but it's close to where I live. The Eastern European girl at the register is awful. She tells people they have no more pizza a half hour before they're actually closed. She should probably get fired. "This is my go to spot. Quick service and delivery. The hoagies are ginormous and the pizza is some of the best in town. Crab Rangoon is top notch as well. Wings with cheese on them  but at 1:00 on a busy Friday night they are closed."  almost no sauce and the cheese was different. Plus side is the pepperoni a were much better. They were tiny and curled up to hold little grease puddles. I love those type. The pizza itself though was not good." The pizza at this place is O.K. if you only get cheese or pepperoni. I made the mistake of getting a taco pizza one day with wings and ended up throughing my $22 bucks worth of delivery food in the trash. Last night I decided to give it another try and got crappy mozzarella sticks. The meat in the steak sandwich was like dog food. This place is the last resort after Dominos! The seems to be pretty busy during the weekday lunch hour. Atmosphere is casual. My waiter was pretty attentive and courteous; no complaints there." Service gets five stars. They did a great job handling a pretty busy lunchtime rush. The place is well lit and very clean for this kind of pizza joint  one of my favorites downtown. Its priced good and atmosphere is good. I would recommend it for sure!"  and pizza was subpar.  So many better options right around. Please dont cut corners on quality of your product.   The bar looked small and quaint. ..maybe the beer is really cold or I just hit a bad day.  For pizza? Na ...won't be back! NEXT!!!" "Basic little pizza joint that seems to do a good amount of business. I usually get their calzone. It's good sized and big enough to where I don't have to eat anything else. The food is always up fast  average pizza paired with AWFUL service. Pass!"  you won't be disappointed."  I'd most certainly try this pizza sub shop again. I think the next trip will be for subs though  hoping that maybe they will try to add a firmer vegetable to it to make eating it not feel quite as much like sausage gravy on a roll. However I'm sure if you go for a meat-laden variety it will be totally worth your time."  and mushroom sandwich is phenomenal. I get it sans the tomato and lettuce -- but keep the onions and mayo. The bread is all nice and toasty  and quick delivery. YUM! Never been to the actual restaurant I will keep going back to Angelo's again and again and again...."  to finish. I've never found a better way to be a part of this city than to find a sandwich shop unique to the neighborhood. Perfect. My stomach still agrees with itself: no more steak."  and the pizza tastes great cold the next day so go ahead and order a little more than you need!"  but boy was I wrong. This pizza is really good and you can tell that they do not pick the cheap ingredients off of the shelf. The dough was perfect (cooked well  and nice and crispy on the bottom.  The sauce to cheese ratio is also nice.  I learned that the cheese is from Penn Mac and you can totally tell.  It takes it up another notch.  I'm excited to try the different variations they have." Be sure to try the ""Angelo's Special"" sandwich with the homemade mayo sauce."  as the website is so annoying I actually ordered from another place.  The site plays music and has no option to turn off the sound.  I was at work and ready to order for a large meeting  I found the experience average.  I would probably come back to try their pizza again."  this wasn't the pie in the sky I was looking for. It all comes down to the crust--I threw it out. That should never happen. The crust wasn't enough like the bread from la gourmandine--if that bakery made pizza with the cheese (and even the sauce) from Angelos...now THAT could have some potential. So...still shopping around for a delivery and for a crust that bubbles up around the edges. It might have to do with the water or kneading or something?" To provide a baseline - we typically order from Rialto's and while they are not terrible they decent enough for a sub shop - pizza place.  this place... ugh. never. again. ever. We ended up throwing out about 80% of what we paid for. This place insults their customers with sub-par I go in there's one person inside and no orders ..WTF am I holding for .?...So my order is $30+ and I asked for a ranch and of course I have to pay for it ?Then I get my white pizza home and it looks like it was in a tornado  now I know why... It has a garlic flavor and I love garlic."  all ingredients are fresh and made at the shop. Don't ever order dominoes in Bloomfield!" Very tasty crust. Full flavored sauce. Plenty of cheese. Nice pepperonis that curl up a little. Perfect thin crust pepperoni pizza!"  it still is not quite right.  Then often these individual slices have a very limit amount of cheese and toppings.  Angelo's does not do this.  There individual slices are the BEST!!!!  Everytime I get one slice of pizza at Angelo's it is always pippin' HOT.  It has that just made t.  They are very generous with their toppings on the individual slices. Plus  rationalized that their hoagies are large and could send another half ""depends on how hungry you are"". ARE YOU SERIOUS?! I have never in my life heard of such asinine customer service. The girl on the phone was really nice though...if that counts for anything. They just lost a loyal customer...never again."  But the service sucked and the wait was ridiculous! Ordered 4 cuts to eat in and 2 and a hoagie to go.... They served 3 others that came in after us for slices and gave us ALL of our food (30 minutes later) ...including the to go !!!  So in the end we had it all to go!!!" Best Pizza Shop in Bloomfield. Hands down one of the best Sicilian Pizzas around! Sicilian Cuts and Cheese Fries are my go to every time I dine here! Plus they sell Turner's Tea! "They get 1 star because less was not an option. Was told by someone at the hospital that the steak hoagies are great. Well either our opinions differ greatly on food or we just got hosed. Looked up the menu online. $9.00 for a lrg Angelo special. Think philly cheese steak. So I ordered 2 for myself and my gf. I asked for mine with well done peppers onions and mushrooms no lettuce or tomato. I get there and the total is over $24! So I ask why. I'm told ""oh yeah that's the owners fault he doesn't want to update the online website so it's a little out of date."" A LITTLE!?!?? Two and a half dollars more is not a little. So I leave already feeling taken but hey they are big and they feel heavy so I'm still optimistic. WRONG AGAIN! The sandwiches nearly fell out through the grease soaked bag and found my sandwich covered in grease swimming lettuce and tomatoes with pale mushrooms and uncooked peppers. Swimming I tell you swimming in grease! If I have a heart atack I'll know why. Called to complain and was pretty much told it was my fault they became greasy because I took to long to get there! And that its all the owners fault about the price. Poor food poor excuses and apparently poor ownership. The next thing that should be poor is the owner because I will NEVER eat there again." I live about 8 miles away and will stop in every time I'm in the area."  but the past week the pizza has not been the same. The crust was not like usual and to much sauce. We will be taking a sad break from ordering." "I really really wanted a turkey hoagie... I called one day and they were completely out of turkey. Like wth. Out of turkey? So I called again the next week. FINALLY! They have some turkey!  So I ordered a turkey hoagie with a little bit of their homemade mayo and some Italian dressing. It was $10 for a whole. Not to bad of price because this hoagie was HUGE. It was okay... They added a lot more of the mayo than I would have liked and the Italian dressing was very oily so it made the sandwich extremely soggy and sloppy. Gross. I had to wipe some of the dressing off the bread   which are pretty good as well.   I really need to try other selections they have but the cheesesteak is just SO good." The pizza use to be good. I went there last Friday and got a pepperoni pizza and it was the worst pie I have ever tasted.  Also over priced I will never come back here and I will people how bad it was !  Great customer service...Just had the white pizza and it was absolutely delicious one of the best pizza's I've ever had everything was super fresh!!"  piping hot with great flavor.  Will definitely stop here again when in town.  Good service." Overall Angelo's is still the BEST PIZZA shop in pittsburgh.... Go check it out  they were delicious. We went again another time for the pizza but it was a super disappointment. I wouldn't pick it for a pizza spot but definetly for a hoagie spot"  but is clean and well lit and has surprisingly ample seating. Angelo's is also a surprisingly fun spot for people watching with the large front window and the number of locals and regulars that walk in."  but the food more than makes up for it. The only thing keeping me from a 5-star review is they don't do residential delivery. The hoagie is worth the walk "If you're in to typical Pittsburgh pizza then this place is for you. The pizza cooks are named oily and greasy...or at least that's what the final product would suggest. The hoagies are far better than the pizza...but not by much. I'll eat here on occasion THE MOST AMAZING STEAK HOAGIE LIVES HERE!! Go!!  It is called Angelos special steak.  The pizza is inconsistent. Sometimes excellent and sometimes it is just good. They should really work on that. All of the cooks should do it the same.  I keep wanting to try other hoagies but I crave the Angelo's special and I go back for it... I'm sure that you will too!!  but the service is horrible now. If you want something delivered you have to wait about 2 hours. Our food is ALWAYS wrong. Will not be coming back." "I live in the neighborhood and had walked by more than a few times and noticed the local Cops often coming and going here.  ....Which initially alarmed be as I thought something was wrong.  Turns out "Another perk living in Bloomfield...Angelo's! The pizza is good but the hoagies are even better. I can't believe how filling the sandwiches are. Half hoagie is dinner and lunch the next day. However Gotta give it a try!!!" Total cover up. It was all I could do not to make a scene. Fuck that I don't need to be disrespected like that. I'm not going to stand there and argue with him like an asshole... I just never ever will eat there again --- and the pizza was mediocre."  and good food!  And of course since we were in Pittsburgh it was also a Pens fan-friendly place. Always a plus during the Stanley Cup Final!!" PTS4MxQel-xzj5qWxVn3LQ "While the quality of the pizza depends on the time of day you order and the decor leaves a lot to be desired  and the crust is nice and thin. Awesome people work there and good beer prices selection." Note to some other raters:  Don't rate take-out places based on their staff.  Just get in  5 stars for timeliness. When it comes down to it I rate take-out and delivery places mostly based on food taste because I am not going elsewhere for superior service and inferior food  or at least poke eyes out for."  I'd probably end up dropping a star if I ever stayed inside for longer than 5 minutes--it's fairly filthy.  However  and yet it still took me a while to order. I first contemplated getting the fried fish with french fries. I do love a crispy fish sandwich. There was even a girl at another table who had just gotten hers for eating there. I tried to inconspicuously spy her fried fish. It looked good but it's a who lot a fish. I decided to order the steak and cheese sub instead. Now that I am home eating The bottom line for me is that I may head back here in the future.  The price is definitely right and the food was decent enough but where they really shine is their beer selection." Adequate. $17 for a large. Canned mushrooms a big bummer. Since discovering Graziano's I have been up and down Liberty Avenue in Bloomfield and always return to Graziano's.  The only other place to get my business would be Aiello's in Squirrel Hill."  but I've been here a bunch of times and they've messed up my order every single time.  We aren't talking about once or twice  so writing my experience.So sharing my input that may help others make an uinformed choice causeI think 4 stars is misleading."  and the thing they used to put in school lunches labeled ""pitza"". Will you eat it? Of course! Will you look forward to the next time you have the time and the luxury to eat pizza? Eh..." Closest thing to New York pizza that I've had in years! I ordered the white pizza and it was amazing!! "After visiting Graziano's it's clear why they sell so much booze. You have to be totally plastered in order to find the food edible. The pizza looks like an Exon-Valdez reenactment (enough oil and grease to lube your Hummer) and the sandwiches are just gross. If it wasn't for their location Love the steak sub & zucchini strips !  Though they forgot my side of ranch or sauce on occasion They were apologetic and quick to redeliver sauces...  Can't get that from other take-out !!! :) "Gracianos or Greasy-anos? The food here is far from spectacular. It's only mildly clean. However "The owner Ang and myself are cigar buddies. One day he told me about this place that sells beer and food. He said you have to try their pizza. So being the critic that I am. I went here. Tried a slice of pizza.  One slice turned into a half a pie. Ran into Ang Keep up the good work guys!" I just saw employees throw firecrackers at people walking by. Not sure what else I need to say...I have to give one star bc of the app but clearly I would give zero.  but the pizza is delicious--and cheap!  Eight bucks and some change for a large cheese pizza with a perfect cheese-to-sauce ratio and a nice I will definitely be back to enjoy another slice."  my wallet favors Pizza Italia). It's cheap and it's quality. The lady who works there is always real friendly. I could eat this every week and not get sick of it. Just a good straight forward mom and pop pizza pie. You know what I'm saying. 9 bucks and some change for a nice large for a night you don't feel like cooking. They don't do specials  you really can't go wrong with Pizza Italia. Just head down the street and pick up the new Woody Allen from Dreaming Ant and you're set for the night!" "Super cheap prices and ready quickly.  I got the extra large cheese and demolished about two-thirds of it.  No fancy ""gourmet"" pizzas on the menu.  You just tell them what you want  The Prices are very reasonable." They have really good pizza for really cheap. Bloomfield rocks!  I cannot give you five stars PI (I like that "We have been looking for a great pizza in Pittsburgh "I stopped in on my way home around 9:30pm and got two slices of pepperoni pizza The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  The prices were good and the pizza good as well  haha. But all in all it was good pizza & food at an extremely cheap price with friendly workers. We'll be back!" Love this place!! Just beware they don't deliver and you can't dine in - unless the weather is nice and they put a table out front."  it would definitely be five stars all the way.   However their single slices are horrible.  I thought they would heat them up after the slices sit in the heater area.  I asked for extra sauce  it doesn't have that extra je ne sais quoi that would make a five star slice. By the slice pizzas often sit for awhile  not too expensive and open till 11:00 on weeknights. Really not much to complain about." "I think Pizza Italia is a vastly underrated pizza shop in Pittsburgh.  I usually get a large half with pep & sausage and the other half with pep & mushroom.  The toppings are top notch especially the sausage.  Plus Pepperoni pizza is great and I love the steak hoggies with extra steak Mmm ....  The food does not cost the earth. Pizza and the rest of the food is the Best you will find in this area. Other places cost more but there not as good . The staff are always on the ball !  or sausage toppings and steak or Italian subs.  Grew up in Pittsburgh always going to this pizza shop and anytime I came home from college and hometown visits even now  FYI.  Credit card minimum of $5"  you're greeted as if you're family. The pizza is decently priced and they always have something cold to drink. My absolute favorite is extra cheese-pepperoni-welldone." "Pizza Italia is one of the best pizza joints around. Their sauce is the best part Workers were really nice and the pizza was great! Would definitely order from again! Amazing pizza. I've eaten it since I was a kid. They recently sold the place and the new owner is doing the recipe justice. Now they accept credit cards. I ordered here after the many good reviews but was quite disappointed. The cheap prices are about the only good thing I can say about this place. The pizza wasn't terrible but it certainly wasn't good in my opinion. Zero flavor and the mushrooms were canned. I've had much better at other Bloomfield joints. Would not order again.  and the people are what makes me LOVE this pizza more than any. Great Job Fox's Brookline!!!!" Only 2 stars. I called 7 12 16 at 9:49 pm and no answer? Yelp as well as the online website said they close at 11. I called multiple times before giving up. I only wanted a tossed salad. Haha "Best pizza in the 'Burg! They definitely don't skimp on the cheese and the sauce is awesome....it has a fresh tomato taste to it that goes well with the crisp  you have to try it.  The shop is not big on ""ambiance.""  It is a casual little pizza shop with a few tables Definitely the best pizza ever!!  I highly recommend this place!"  if you eat in the place is BYOB which is cool.  The staff is always nice to my kids too."  but they have always been cordial when I've been there.  I don't expect table service in a pizza place usually  but it's nice to have this place within walking distance for a quick slice of pizza. The fact that they have ice cream makes it a good place to take kids Cash only but an ATM on sight."  because of the amount of cheese.  Way too much and really hard to get down.  I would definitely go back and order a pie with 1 2 the amount of cheese and some toppings.  Some may love the cheese but I Terrible service. Decent pizza. "Consistently great pizza. Although the Sicilian doesn't blow my socks off Pretty good but I still prefer a vinnys pizza over anything.  even if you need to deal with things like paper plates (admittedly not the best thing to use when trying to eat pizza fresh out of an oven). The seating isn't exactly fancy  slides off at least 50% of the time. 2-3 paper plates are soaked at the end of a pepperoni.. spicy and occasionally burnt. Crust is thin and absorbs a large amount of grease. The sauce is occasionally burnt on Been going to Mineo's for the longest time I can remember. Good pizza but certainly not the best one around town! Cash only though! The pizza is amazing! Be careful when ordering the toppings are usually under the cheese so if you do a half and half because of a picky person you may not see the toppings.  but decided not to this time. It ended up coming out with a ton of cheese. It made the pizza too heavy to pick up and extra greasy. The topping just slid off. I actually had to pick some off. It is bit my favorite Just as good as Sq. Hill location.  Mineo's is as good as it gets.  The pies are straightforward and not fancy.  No reason for them to be.  This location is also byob - bonus!  our new go to pizza place. Always satisfies our craving."  but quick service. Would recommend the Sicilian Pizza over the usual style." Horrible.  Tried it several times.  Taste like frozen Pizza.  Found a hair in it the first time so against my better judgement tried it again.  I swear it was worse than my first experience.  The locals that like this joint must have smoker destroyed taste buds.  and roasted red bell peppers... that's all you need to know" I will be trying again when I have the cash in my pocket."  and it is unfortunately that you better carry cash with you because that is the only form of payment they accept and it could be expensive. They do offer an ATM if you forget. Minor unfortunates  I have to admit that I was really let down. Not being a native Pittsburgher could definitely have a lot ot do with it. Don't get me wrong I could go on for a year if I had the words to say how good this pizza is. Every time I am in Mt. Lebanon I need to go in for a stop. sa3xqElJEv97MazozLeszw  they apparently only have a 2 Mike delivery radius  cost cutting on toppings and the dough w sauce lost it's firmness and it was quite unsatisfying Mineos is by far the best pizza in Pittsburgh. 2 convenient locations.  but it never fails that all of the cheese drops off of the slice when you take a bite.  My kids cannot get through eating a slice without this happening and it only happens at here.  Mineo's needs desperately to remodel the shop and for the love of God  but c'mon: don't make me turn around and walk out just because pay day is in a few days and all I've got is a credit card." I'm not sure if I would sit down and eat here (there were several places to sit but it would have gotten comfy with more than 15 people in there) as it was pretty warm & dark inside.  Just call ahead and do carry-out.  It was great!" Great for late night appetites!! They're open late and they're really cheap. I enjoy just plain pizza. It's a lot like Papa Gino's traditional in Boston. Get a square pizza and a family of four can eat for days! You're likely to have amusing memories here as you sort of sober up with other hungry drunk people who are all lured in by the aroma of pizza. Note: the pizza tastes like a slice-of-heart-attack during the daytime  you too will love your pizza - day or night - at the VC."  but gets upgraded to 4 stars for the stories I have to tell because of the antics witnessed here!" Again: good drunk food. Probably not good sober food." Love their dough and fresh toppings. I cannot find a better pizza place in pittsburgh in the 8 years that I have lived here. Friendly staff and very very good stuffed pie and very spicy and delicious red pepper and sausage pie. I highly recommend everyone to try it." "i think this is the right place.. near the shopping center? kind of a hole in the wall? i was a little put off by how dirty the place seemed "This place capped the night after getting hammerred in Shadyside 95% of the time.  It was pretty much guaranteed the drunken antics that would go down here would make you crack up.  The food was mediocre at best I was so sad when I walked by the old Village Pizza and they were closed.  When I read that they had moved - I walked to the address and was even more confused that it did not say 'Village Pizza'." I am from Chicago so I take pizza very seriously.  I love Village Pizza.  I honestly think it is the best pizza in the USA.  When I go to Pittsburgh it is the first place I want to go and make it a point to go everyday I am in town.  The fact that they also carried 40 ozs to single cans of beers was impressive.  I wish there was somewhere half as good as Village Pizza here in Chicago.  The pizza is delicious.  Do yourself a favor and go there and as someone else stated they moved so find their new location at 815 S Aiken.  and breadsticks have been given a thumbs up by the kids. Pizza has been consistent  so that's a bonus. They may end up being my 'Dangit "I wasn't crazy about the Untouchable since I don't like Primanti's sandwiches Over cooked...not these! Cajun and buffalo are Amazing!" Definitely would recommend." It's WELL worth a try folks."  some of the top crust was raw and most of the filling had slid to one end leaving the other end a hollow shell."  there was nothing offered to fix the bad order I received. The manager wasn't even paying attention to what I was explaining about the order. Only after this review did he send a letter I have had better pizza at Little Caesars. In a competitive pizza city like this one  and my only real complaint is their hours are a little short on the weekends."  like Tyson brand or something. Very cheap over breaded and not fresh at all. On top of that our pizza was soggy for $25 I would have rather ordered dominos sadly..." An hour and 20 minutes is a ridiculous wait for mediocre pizza and wings with hungry children at home. "Twas a snowy night that M and I were too lazy to cook dinner for ourselves. We both worked long hours and didn't exactly feel like cooking or cleaning once we got home. M Whipped out his phone and pulled up the grubhub app and ordered a cheese pie with french fries. Delivery was fast and the pizza was delicious...even more so the day after. The fries were crisp Delivered me a pizza different than I ordered 3 times in a row jVVyiaDle64frINmX2hgqw  but I make sure when I come up every other month it's a half Italian and half steak wedgie I was informed yesterday that Danny's has the best Italian hoagies around.  So I HAD to try one for dinner.  It has the perfect amount of meat seasoning and topping.  The onions were a little heavy for me My car must be trained.  Was driving by and for some reason ended up in Danny's parking lot.  These are the same unbelievably delicious Italian hoagies that you get at Danny's Parkview.  The smell in the parking lot started my salivating mouth.  Great big hoagie that has such flavor in every bite.  For some reason even the onions taste better with all the other flavors.   not that nasty halfway toasting that gives no color and makes the bread crusty like it sat out all day. The great service and a variety of Italian meats (warm and juicy but not too hot) made this one if the best hoagies I ever had.  Definitely go there!" Best Italian hoagies you can get Some of the best pizza I've had since moving to Pittsburgh. And they have good hoagies as well. "Best Italian hoagie anywhere in the known universe. I have been eating these sandwiches for the better part of my life (I'm 45) and I still can't wait for the next one. It's the way they are toasted and the cheese caramelizes--and the dressing is just perfect. Honest to god  other than the large size.  There wasn't nearly enough toppings to even make up for the vast amount of lettuce.  I basically paid $8 for iceburg lettuce and an overwhelming amount of black olive  the former was a fucking dream. The rumors are true. The impeccable blend of crusty baked bread and Italian meats had me positively reeling. I will be back." I love this place. they have never gotten an order wrong and have always been really nice to me. It is the closest papa johns to me and that's still a long drive so my pizza is never hot when i get it home and that will usually make a pizza taste bad but i have not had a bad pizza yet. its great food as a reasonable price I will continue to do the business with them ..... it's the best pizza in my opinion!"  quick delivery and good service on the overall. Way better than pizza hut. However  but it would be nice to only have the toppings I request. I just found 10 mushroom pieces and 7 sausage pieces on my ham & pineapple. Please slow down & give a crap... Cross contamination is a serious thing." The best NY style pizza I've had in NC!  It may seem a little pricey in comparison with Domino's or other pizza chains but you get what you pay for.  Delivery is fast and non-pizza items are good as well. I'm almost sure the Cheese they use is 100% Mozzarella (instead of a blend) I am a Fan of this Pizza with EASE!  If they were located closer to me I would be getting more Pizza from them vs Fuel!" "These guys definitely know how to make a good pizza. The crust is the perfect blend of chewy with a hint of crunch "This pizza is mediocre at best. Not really a NY style pizza - the crust is soggy Thanks NY Pizza Express!" some of the best pizza we have had since moving to the area. very very good!! highly recommend. I would recommend NY Pizza Express for a quick cheap bite.  Next time I will try the calzone." We still love ya and will order from you often!" "They do take out and delivery! The pizza is tastier than most delivery places. The 10"" is a good size for an individual pizza. The staff was a lot of fun to chat with and answered any questions we had. We will definitely be getting food from them again." You've been warned: in Matthews-Stallings 5 stars amounts to just average out on in the modern world Best pizza I have ever had. Great place! Good pizza that tastes great and is very authentic! We had a mushroom and sausage and we were very impressed. You won't be disappointed! "Very good pizza!  This is usually our ""go to"" for pizza when the kids aren't around (they prefer Pizza hut) .  Pretty authentic NY Style pizza although a little bit on the pricey side." Would have been 5 stars w  better pricing BUT what KILLER PIZZA!!! I cannot put into words how good it was and I am mad at myself for living here for decades and just now discovering them! We will be ordering again!!! Very good classic New York pizza. I would highly recommend it. If you want to get the best pizza possible make sure you order light sauce. They tend to over do the sauce sometimes but overall great pizza place. No thank you. I got a medium 3 topping and this pizza was very bland to me. from my first bite it was missing something...flavor.  Service was ok. I could have made a better one on my own...or just went to papa johns. Won't be going back. Solid pizza for a great price. I wouldn't exactly call it ny style but more so than others that make that claim. Fast delivery as well "My husbands go to for pizza delivery in the Matthews stallings area. We always get pepperoni and mushroom and it's always quick Love this place it's always delicious. Delivery is always on time and PIZZA IS HOT!!! I've ate here for about a year and I love the price for the quality. It us the closest to new York style pizza in these parts. The last couple of times I've ordered from NY Pizza Express my food has been horrible. The pizza is very soggy and the salad is brown and mostly inedible. The workers are always nice but that doesn't make up for the fact that the food quality is awful. I don't know what's changed in the last year or so but something definitely has. Prices have gone up and quality has gone down. "I got 2 pizzas from here. They ripped me off. I paid over $20 for 2 large cheese pizzas. I seriously could've got better quality and quantity at little Caesars.. The guy also lied to me when I asked for crushed red pepper and told me he had no more. I KNOW he lied to me. I hate establishment that don't care about the customer experience and just want to rip you off. They don't even have a restroom for customers! That tells me ""give me your money and get the hell out we don't care about accommodating"" Crappy pizza place." This is the best pizza I have had being down her in North Carolina from new your Its so good and the owner is very very nice alone with the staff! My aunt showed us this place and so happy we found it! Had their pizza last night for my sons sleepover. None of the kids ate it and complained that it tasted metallic. It was indeed pretty horrible even for $5.99 per medium. We will never go near the place again. "I really like this place. I get delivery all the time.  I feel like its better than a lot of other chain pizza places. You can order everything from wings to subs and dessert pizza (never had that) The owner or manager Cheap lunch specials too" "Awesome pizza. Great prices and friendly service. Get it every week. It is the best. Fresh "Best pizza in town!  Well-priced  and an order of bread sticks. $8. Great value. Bread sticks order was huge. Enough for 4 people. That's where the positive feedback ends. Other than a pick up order Great lunch buffet! It doesn't look like much but it actually has a lot on it when you look closer. The pizza dough has a great unique flavor to it that I love. And you can add a huge side salad for $.94! The buffet is very reasonably priced at $6.09. And that price includes the drink! Also try the piggy sticks! Bacon cheesebread and get a six of ranch for dipping! Noms! "Great pizza and their cheese steaks are awesome as well. They deliver which is convenient "The Food is very good and affordable.  They have a decent variety to choose from although it is primarily Italian food.  They stay open until 10 most nights so that is a plus also.  With very few non chain restaurants offering delivery they rank pretty high as far as local owned businesses go.  I would recommend this place to anyone.  It is not a fancy place nor is it a big place!  The pizza's The quality of food and service was sub-par here. This was such a sour experience. I won't be back." "Pizza and crust is the best in town.  Usually have it delivered and are at the house when they say "We ordered a large pizza here to go one night and were not disappointed. Great NY style pizza Even with the munchies at 2am this place is bad. I've eaten here and at the one in South End and both are a waste.  I usually just eat at the Pita Pit or risk a bacteria infection and eat from one of the street vendors(the chicken on a stick is might damn good!) by The Forum. This was the first good pizza place to open in Uptown.  It was a welcome addition to the noon time choices.  I am giving it four stars for that reason alone. The best time to go here is early evening on a weekend night when the weather is nice. They will usually open up the windows  and if you're not careful you can easily fill up quickly before your pizza is even ready. Overall I still think Fuel is the place to go if you want some REAL pizza Our hunt continues for The Great Pizza  I am happy that I do not frequent Charlotte enough to be tempted by their great pizza as I refuse to give them another one of my hard earned dollars due to their awful service. Suggestions: Clean up your unprofessional and rude staff!!"  but I still don't think their pizza is worth the wait. But if you really do crave pizza after bar hopping I'd say this would be a good place to crash in a drunken stupor but for my sober days I'll head out to Rosario's in Concord. That's a real pie." Still...don't give up on a few of the other NYC pie makers quite yet.  But I will continue to make this one of my stops everytime I am in the Queen City." I could probably eat pizza everyday and be completely satisfied but I can't just eat ANY pizza. I discovered Fuel Pizza when my mother brought me a slice of their lasagna pizza and I was instantly intrigued. Their pizza is thin with delicious crust and the toppings are great. I like places with really great specialty pizzas and Fuel has some really great ones. They offer combos which I would suggest if it is your first visit. It's a cheap way to sample a couple different types of pizza without committing to an entire pizza. I would also suggest the garlic knots. This will renew any New Yorker's faith in finding a decent pizza place in Charlotte.  etc. I hear that their full pizzas are a lot better than their slices and looks like they have a good variety of those as well. My slice of BBQ Chicken was flavorful but not memorable. All in all *We took cabs ALL night long. If you're gonna be tipsy I can't remember if I've had Fuel's pizza Fuel would probably not be my #1 choice for pizza in Charlotte e8kqqWU9247Nn5VAF5sDkQ Always exceeds expectations; better tasting than other Fuels.  albeit with inebriated post-clubbers speaking at the same volume they did on the dance floor. The pizza was good and the prices were reasonable - we loved the little garlic bread balls. I didn't find the place dirty - the only thing that pained the eyes were the horrible ensembles worn by the patrons. Cocktail dresses should NOT be worn with flip-flops  the food isn't spectacular but there just isn't much else to choose from at that late hour.  It's a pizza by the slice kind of delivery and the choices are pretty decent so no complaints there.  I like it....just don't love it.  As always if you go late enough  near the epicentre and is an interesting place for people watching during late night.  I've been here once during regular people hours and wasn't very impressed with the Pizza Awful!!!! If i could give it no stars I would!!!! Awful!!!! Way way way over priced for bad ok pizza... over $12.00 for 3 slices who do they think they are...? There food is Ok at best! I live and work uptown I will never go back and will warn friends to stay away!!!! AWFUL!!!!!!!!!! I guess their pizza taste great if you're drunk. Slices are so bland and bad. Nothing special here. Overpriced as well. Villa Francesca has much better slices. Check them out instead.  but if you're having a pizza fix at a decent hour there are better alternatives uptown. I'm sure they make a killing catering to the late night crowd I should have known this would have been a bad experience when the guy at the counter was rude and things moved very slowly with only three people in the restaurant.  I absolutely will not be back anytime soon." Aaaaaa-hole employees give the worst service you'll ever have. Unless you're blackout go elsewhere. They wouldn't give me a water for a dollar. $1.08. Ate the pizza dry as shit. Never again. Pizza was good though. Pizza was mediocre BTW" "Ordered at ORDER HERE sign. She sends me to the cashier. Cashier asks me to repeat my order to him. I give him an ""are you serious"" look. What a bunch of idiots." It was around 9:50- didn't catch names. But Goldberg looking fellow that brought out pizza and desserts was hauling ass. He deserves a beer or 8."  go to spot when I am looking for something easy on a late night in the office." And now I realize why i only come here after a night of drinking. They got the order wrong even after clearly repeating it several times and there was a nice long hair in the dipping sauce. Yum! This was a great choice recommended by our pedicab cyclist last night. Had a late night at epicentre need a greasy late eat. Delivered the pizza to our hotel within an hour. Being from a town where late night pizza isn't available... this was a treat. Pizza was a great all around. Received a phone call the following day asking about their service and pizza. It was good to know they care about how they are doing.  and this was the perfect capstone to our Carolina vacation this year. Jordan treated us right!" Of course if I want a good quality pizza I would just go down the street to Brixx **Forgot to mention that our pizza had onions on it. Disgusting."  pretending to act like we weren't the reason he was at that place. Hmmm...what a coincidence! Lol so basically we were being watched and stalked the entire time we are waiting patiently for our food minding our business. I just don't understand...all my boyfriend and I wanted to do was grab a simple bite to eat before heading home for the night and it turned out to be a terrible experience with endless amounts of disrespect and humiliation. I have never experienced anything like this before and it is sickening to me that a business Just had this. Food is good enough to digest but definitely not the best. Their staff is very well mannered and helpful! Very crowded establishment. Probably need a few extra hands to keep the place clean. I am not sure whether this underage girl puked or spilled water on the floor but one of the employees came out to clean it up while they were all sleeping on the table. Meanwhile I was trying to eat my pizza with no water because apparently they don't give out free water here. What a dump. Do yourself a favor and go up the street to librettos. Average pizza at best and sub-par appetizers. Decent beer specials are only upside. Walk across the street and eat at Fuel for some real pizza.  at least the last time I was at this location which has been awhile."  we finally got his attention to request the bill. We had reached the point of frustration where we were so angry that we didn't want to order anything or give them our business.  The fastest part of the afternoon was when he brought the bill  but I haven't had the kind of bad experience that Emilie P. had. I've always found the servers to be friendly and responsive." Oh Brixx how I miss you (I've since moved to Boston). I would eat their spinach and artichoke dip everyday if it was socially acceptable... Best barbecue chicken pizza ever!! I just wish this place had a location back home in Florida." "It's slipped. I was a huge Brixx fan back in the day but it's just not up to par now. Bruschetta was stale over-toasted bread with marinated tomatoes. Salad was somewhat wilted greens drenched in dressing. Interior deserves a renovation. I hope they make it My boyfriend had the chipotle bbq chicken and loved it."  highly recommended for the veggie minded or the plain old I like a tasty slice of pizza minded.  The chicken sun dried tomato pizza was just ok.  And DO get a beer sampler - $4.50 for I think it was five samples of brew Definitely go to Brixx with coworkers "Consistently good food Went here with my sisters while I was visiting Charlotte. One sister got a salad that was a good size while my other sister and I got two individual pizzas to share. We had enough with some leftovers- could have really gotten one and shared. I thought I was more hungry then I really was. We sat outside but got put at a table that was more shade then sun and in october it was chilly in the shade. Overall attentive staff and good food.  they were having trivia - which looked fun.  May try it sometime." Bottom line: Will go back not for their pizza but for beer The service has always been good to excellent here (last time it was excellent).  The manager who has worked here for the past year or so seems to know how to run this place and is a nice guy.  Even if you're not a fan of this style of pizza I recommend this place as an early evening launching spot before hitting the other places downtown." Have been with large groups as well and wait staff is very accommodating and friendly. Definitely recommend going here if you feel like grabbing a beer and sharing pizza in a laid back atmosphere." "Really. Good. Pizza.  Great variety of beer and wine.  If you are in downtown  not a sports bar type of way.  I will be going back for sure!"  and Sunday all NC beers are $2.50 (plus wine is 1 2 price bottles).  The service has been very good too.  So 4 stars for the food  it's time I came clean. I'm using you. You're just somewhere I go when I'm desperate and it's late at night. Your BOGO pizza and apps are a good deal Park at the 7th Street station and they will validate you!!!" Overall you won't be disappointed. Pretty solid place to hang out  she decided to slam the burnt pizza down on the server's station nearby and ignore me the rest of the time. The manager on duty was incredibly nice and even gave my whole group a discount as well as a voucher for me to come back. All I wanted was a fresh pizza "DIDNT HAVE A BITE OF FOOD.. BELLS 2 HEARTED ALE ON DRAFT? in charlotte? best decision all day Service is quick & friendly." The new Fiesta pizza is also really good.  I like to add sour creme to it.  I was skeptical of a corn salsa on pizza My bbq pizza's crust was just kind of dry and tasteless. But I could drink Stone beer among other brews I like so Brixx isn't a lost cause." Buffalo chicken was excellent. Service was great and we had several visits to our table to see how things were going.  Another great little surprise wall Bell's Two Hearted on draught here! SCORE!"  and watch sports for a reasonable price.  They also have a great late night happy hour specials.  They used to offer an MBA (masters of beer appreciation) there  service was good also. Not very busy."  good option if you're not sure what microbrew to try! Splitting one 10"" pizza is enough for two people. Overall very This place is a good restaurant to go to with a bunch of friends since there is plenty of seating. We came here to watch the NBA Finals. The beer was pretty cheap and the pizza was tasty. Got the mushroom pizza but with goat cheese instead of mozzarella and they had no problems with switching it out. I really like the pizza crust here - chewy and not soggy. Ser  maybe I am to much of a pizza snob. Is Brixx good? sure. Is it great? No not by any means. They do have semi creative pizza on their menu but ive never had anything that flat out wowed me. I usually go for the Bronx Bomber because I like the prosciutto. My favorite part about Brixx though is being able to get a flight of beer and how it seems their beer is always changing up so I can always get something new." "Missed my connecting flight in Charlotte and was told this was a good place for a late night bite and a beer. Completely true. Spot on. Cool atmosphere  it was a madhouse! Very loud and very limited seating inside. I managed to get an inside table thanks to a large group leaving eventually. The pizza I ordered was ok. Nothing too memorable though. My waiter was great though." The pizzas my husband and I ordered were mediocre.  They were pretty greasy and I had the impression they had been sitting around for a while and just heated up before they were brought out to us.  I think this place is overpriced for the quality of food they serve.  The waitstaff was attentive.  I don't think we'll return.  good beer or (for some reason) crave mediocre pizza with some of the best servers in town Brixx isn't doing anything super trendy or memorable So thanks Brixx for being awesome to this gluten free girl who was a bit lazy when ordering!" "I want to love this place more than I do. It was fine but really nothing special. I love that they allow you to do half and half on the pizzas and they are fine just nothing that blew my socks off. $3 margaritas were good Apparently vegan options and good beer is all i need in life these days." Portions were pretty small and I wish i had a bigger portion for a main course." Glutard friendly for both beer and pizza. Great beer selection and a very good Greek salad. The wild mushroom and arugula pizza was ""missing"" something.  The crust was chewy and not tough but the toppings were bland and I didn't see a wild mushroom anywhere on the plate (just white button). The server charged us for the wrong check. 24 hours later both charges are still on my Amex.  Just an average lunch stop." Throughout my meal customer service was just fine.  These folks get a solid three stars from me and if I could I would go for three and a half." For all the times I have been here I have not had any trouble with seating or the timeliness attentiveness of their wait staff.  I will definitely be back here sometime in the near future! ENJOY!"  but I would much rather go to Queen City Q." "It was late & nothing was open. Or so it seemed. A staff member at my hotel recommended this place. I'm glad I came. I ordered the Americo "My daughter's soccer team was in Charlotte for the weekend.  We were looking for a restaurant for our team dinner on a Saturday night at 7:00pm No thank you Brixx...I'll stick to other pizza joints to satisfy my pizza needs." "Saturday night dinner at 8:30 pm. The place was busy but no wait for seating. After being seated it took about 10 minutes for a waitress to stop by our table just to tell us she would be with us soon. When we finally placed our orders the pizza came out of the kitchen very quickly. (Not brought by the waitress - but a kitchen staff member) The pizza was very tasty Great wood oven baked pizzas (you can watch them make it in front of you in the very clean kitchen) and Karissa and Laurel are friendly and attentive bartenders.  Great parking (an obsession of many in the uptown area).  Gets crowded before and after arena events but (1) it's right next to the arena and (2) they can handle the crowd. ETA - Ok I changed my review from 2 stars to 3 b c my server was awesome.  She went above and beyond.  It appears as if management reads these reviews so I really wish I remembered her name b c she deserves kudos.  Maybe they'll figure it out remember me (it was the night of the big Bruce Springsteen concert across the street at Time Warner).  If not I might not have liked the wood fried Pizza. Loved the starters though but not all. Three cheese was good (liked only two of them) and the bread sticks. In general pizza was ok. What I really liked was that the manager came to each table to introduce himself and make sure the customers were happy. It's rare to see managers touch tables! Great customer service and great food" "I absolutely LOVE the bronx bomber and the chilli they offer both great choices ! I eat here alot and it never fails to disappoint .. great salads the server knows my favorite ""supreme like"" pizza ... they always give me healthy suggestions and alternatives to try. I love it. Very convenient and quick.. great atmosphere.  Some of the lunch staff could do a better job with timeliness and checking on the customers." kAid56AY_laxGYslMdsYJw Jerk chicken pizza was excellent. Bomber was good but the fresh oregano over powered everything else. Great beer selection. Service was good. Good food at the right prise. The wait staff was friendly and helpful when ordering. Enjoy the night and eat outside!  I love pizza and will gladly pay extra for great pie butt. Brixx is not the case!" I will have to stop by again and try there other items on the menu whichever looked and smelled great."  but the food just wasn't that good.  I had a chicken salad and they barely put any dressing on it at all and the chicken was dry and chewy.  My wife's cheese pizza was like wet cardboard.  I think they were rushing out orders and just didn't fire the pizza long enough. We had better pizza at my high school back in Michigan.  The breadsticks were probably the best thing we ate and my sons pasta Alfredo was pretty decent.  All in all I love everything about Brixx but I deduct two stars for not having WiFi.  That's Crazy. Love the food and the service is GREAT!!!! I come to Charlotte every year for a conference and will continue to come back. "Spoke with a self appointed ""big cheese"" at the East Boulevard location. He did not agree that Wifi for customers was a good idea. He thought they would ""stay too long"". It'll be Hawthorne's from now on guys. You blew it."  and smiles!  AMAZINGLY fast and reliable service.  This is not the first time I have laid a last minute mid-week lunch on them either... they are always this fast and always this wonderful to work with!" "I've been to Brixx on a few separate occasions. Typically I order the Buffalo Chicken Pizza or the Bronx Bomber. For lunch they have a pizza small salad combo. I would not recommend this option as the portion is tiny My only complaint was the Shot glass had lipstick from the last guest!"   GA. 6 months later and I realize it's too long to go without my Brixx fix. Chicken Florentine pizza or mozzarella sandwich where are you???!!!!  I eat the chicken penne with gorgon zola sauce in my dreams. Please please please come to Savannah!" I came on a Monday night and got both of their specials that night- the taco pizza and a draft beer for $2.00 pint night. Our server was super friendly and the pizza was great. I completed the survey on the receipt and got an email back with a free appetizer. The next day I also got an email from the general manager personally thanking me for completing the survey. I am very impressed with their awesome customer service! I will be back soon :)  nothing exceptional going on in that department. Their pizza is 100000x better than a salad  but never disappoints because the food is always consistent."  loved it . Our waitress was the best! She was so nice and looked like a pixie! Nothing like christmas in the summer! Definitely coming here again!"  and the toppings were fresh. The service was great and very helpful. I will for sure be going back again!"  ugh. In dire need of upgrades. Dirty floor I would definitely come back to try other things." Would def Rec this place to anyone."  and pear & Gorgonzola). Draft beer selection is good. Location is in bottom of a parking deck & they validate for free parking. Popular with the after work business crowd Got in from Maryland around 10pm. And this was the only place open. They have a great casual vibe. Good beer selection and awesome pizza. Try the Mexican pizza! Delicious!! And one pizza was big enough for my BF and I. Glad we tried it. Nice selection of wine and beer. Comfortable atmosphere and fresh food which makes a huge difference in taste.  Thin and crispy California style pizza. Definitely worth a stop!  Wish I had been here Sunday night for the half price wine bottles.  Attending a convention this week and looking forward to dining here again. Overall we had a good experience at Brixx and I would go there again. I love the variety of pizzas they have 4) If you check in on yelp you get a free appetizer...you can't beat that!"  so ask for Katie (cute lady with short hair).  If you read this  good Food the Tomato Basil Soup is tasty and hearty  good service.  Please note:  former review is a butt review (just like a butt dial)."  and there is a bar available for a few beers and cocktails." Came with friends and Sara was our waitress and was fantastic server. The food was very tasty I had hummus brixx salad and my wife had mushroom pizza. I would return to have Sara take care of us. Thanks Came in town for a concert and decided to stop here to eat before we headed back home. The late night appetizer and pizza specials were cool but the service could've been a lot better. Our waiter seemed very uninterested in serving us as if he had already clocked out for the night. I'd definitely return to Brixx Pizza. Just maybe not this location. I can't comment on the food because we sat in our seats for 15 minutes with zero service.  Good location but they obviously can't handle a crowd. I'd been to a Brixx before and this visit met my expectations.  The main reason we avoided Fuel pizza is because it didn't sell alcohol." "I only went because I heard about it in a Migos Carnage collab. Service was great  restaurant should have been MUCH cleaner considering there was only about 10 people there."  not doing much of anything. That's when I took action and walked over to her to remind her that we were waiting to be seated. She unenthusiastically walked back to the hostess stand with me. She looked around at the several empty tables and said "Let me start by saying that I don't like Uno's to begin with. My friend convinced me that I should give them another chance. While the food was better than I remembered  so that must be why we keep going back even though we have terrible service time after time. Don't go there if you're looking for a quick lunch. The servers are usually absent-minded and it takes a while for your food to come out. The pizza is all right I really like the giant peanut butter cup dessert. It might actually be why I keep coming back in spite of the spotty service." Definitely won't be back"  their pizza tastes wonderful!  I love adding different toppings or getting specialty pies.  If you have a sweet tooth try the cinnamon sticks with icing.  It is pure h-e-a-v-e-n."  no offer for a coupon or a comp pizza or anything. After taking one bite I'm less than satisfied. It's cold and completely unimpressive. To top it off when I had to sign my credit card receipt the delivery person asked me if thy could have my pen bc they left there's at home. I will never order from them again. There are far too many BETTER pizza places to indulge in."  and they don't honor the coupons online at papajohns.com.  Go to Domino's if this is your Papa Johns for your area.  I don't even like Domino's and order there now because this place disgusted me so much." Quick delivery and cannot stress enough to register for email deals because i never pay full price.  Savings up to 50% off regular price! I love the online ordering and the daily specials. You also receive points for online ordering. I almost saw Jesus a few months ago when I came home from a 10-hour shift and found out I had enough points for a free pizza. You can also pre-tip when you order  twice now I've ordered extra cheese and received no such level of cheese.  If you are a cheese addict like me The pizza was still hot and extremely GOOD - we even offered his nurse a piece and she gladly acceptedl.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because I ordered mushrooms on half because my boyfriend doesn't like them and it was on the whole pizza ( I loved it though)." I received sub par service. My friend got cut off  and rudely spoken to while we were trying to order. All we wanted was a pizza and we have been put on hold for way too long. Don't know what to do.....  everything I have ordered is on par with other locations. My order is always correct and ready when I arrive. The brief interaction with the staff here has been pleasant."  the ability to add a tip ahead of time to the online order and the pizza itself. Not wet!  I hate soggy and this was far from it. Plenty of toppings that were all correct and had a really yummy smoky flavor. Thank you Papa!!" Inefficient and lazy.  It's one thing to not deliver on time but it's another thing to not deliver at all.  This place is awful don't trust them.  this is the worst food I've ever purchased.  I was a Papa Johns fan for years but just can't believe how horrible it's gotten...at least at the 4th Street location.  Flavorless  this is my usual for delivery. Make sure to check the website for specials. They also have deals when the Hornets score a certain number of points. Papa John's also does reward points Awful service!!!  The person couldn't get the information right.  Was told it would be 30 minutes for a small pizza and wings.  Showed up an hour later.  Rejected the order.  No stars and no more business from us!! Slow unfriendly service. Desert area of buffet was never stocked and was dirty.  I ordered the wings and the wings were TINY. I would give 5 stars but there are still some things that need to be fixed in the dining room. Otherwise this place is great if you're looking for lots of food on-the-cheap!"  but GOOD LUCK to you if you want to order take out. This location RARELY answers the phone. I'm sure they've missed sooooo much take-out business because they refuse to answer the phone on their slowest days...very disappointing to their loyal customers like me." Great pizza fresh ingredients!! "This place is below average when it comes to service & pizza's. I've ordered here on a few occasions & everytime it had taken over an hour for a small delivery. What makes it even worse Great for feeding a lot of people fast - and easy too... it's pizza... no need to break out silverware!"  I definitely am.. but skip Papa John's and go for a local mom and pop place. MUCH better pizza even if they don't deliver." The cheese on the pizza is not melted or maybe it had harden anyways I couldn't eat it after half of the slice. My partner and I are great fan of papa johns pizza but this particular location has the worst pizza breadsticks and service."  this location is the quickest and most reasonable for pricing.  The estimated delivery time is always spot on   whenever J.H. rates it five stars I know what to expect." "And in spite of the promises made Ali failed to credit my credit card  this one was on par.  I ordered online and arrived a few moments before the pizza was ready. I was immediately greeted upon arrival.  My pizza was prepared as requested. The staff persons were all codicil and even came round the counter to hand me my order. I don't live here but I'd order here again if I did." Always fresh just like the commercial says. Just delivery is slow and I'm right down the street so I always pick it up "Very unhelpful service and pizzas always arrive 20-30 mins after time given on order. Won't be ordering from this location in the future  I am not a Papa John's fan and this location wasn't a let down. I am sticking with three stars though due to the fact that it was still Papa John's."  and while this location had on the web that they stopped delivering at 11 PM (and a nearby Pizza Hut refused to provide service Ordered pizza for store pick up only to arrive & find out it had been sent out for delivery to another. Would've taken 30 min. to make another one. Since we had to drive 30 min with limited time not worth the wait. IMO this was very stupid & we'll not be using them again.  but it can get expensive.  There is no avoiding it though; your kids will beg you to come here.  I am not sure if they serve beer here  though. Still plenty of video games and skeeball to enjoy. When I arrived the party had ordered some pizzas. Those weren't too bad. The kids liked them. Now this was the first time I've been here as an adult and I happy to see they do serve beer. Nothing special "Chuck e Cheese is going to be Chuck E Cheese. Lots of germs spreading without a doubt but this is the only Chuck e Cheese I would take my kids to in town. It's overprice of course What can I say the kids love it and wouldn't know the difference if it did suck; in this case it sucked big time! None of the machines seemed to work properly at all. Plus like 80% of the games either ate my coins or did not give me tickets for my kids. I continuously had to call employees to either retrieve my coins or tickets. The games that did give you tickets were cheap as hell. You can't fool me chucky!! BUT THE KIDS!! SHAME ON YOU!! Your lucky to get a 2 out of 5! The best part was the McDonalds across the parking lot. "Games are fun and my child enjoys it.  It is HOT and very crowded!  Lots of kids not be supervised.  Also  nice outing in a nice area of town. Great Friday evening activity."  after playing for a bit we knew why.  My 10 year old stated that Chuck E Cheese was no longer the place where a kid could be a kid.  HOW SAD  they still have the animatronic band."  I had a great time and would definitely return here in future  it has been cards instead of the tokens that you have to lug around. The staff is friendly and moderately helpful as is the case at most of these locations. All in all  but he got super rude and escalated the concern of us wanting to bring in decent adult food while the kids played." "This location was completely overcrowded and dirty.  Over 80% of the machines did NOT work at all which really frustrated my kids to no end.  It was also annoying to us since this place is NOT cheap.  I mentioned that a lot of machines were broken to one of the employees and yet nothing was done about it.  They had soooo many birthday celebrations going on as well.  I get that they need to have the birthday parties Probably won't be back for a while. Time for the dave and busters type places." "My 3 year old son had tons of fun. There are plenty of games and rides for kids his age. Go during the week if you'd like to avoid large crowds. This location is very clean. We usually don't go for the food.. so if you're concerned about prices The pizza was so hot I had to let it sit so I could actually bite it." some discounts are really worth... had the large veg topping pizza... awesome Nice pizza's . Not much options in toppings. Delivered wrong pizza. On complaining they tell me that they have added a free pizza on my account. I call hem the next day to claim the free pizza and they tell me there is no free pizza on my account! Will never recommend this place. Dominos near the university provides way better service.  I proceeded to tell them the pizza was burnt and cold. I also did not get the garlic sauce I paid for and asked for the one I paid for. The store told me I had to return the pizza they delivered and I would have to pay half price for a second pizza. I could even hear the manager in the background telling the girl I was speaking to what to say. Why would he not want to please the costumer when his store got my order wrong? I said never mind and will never order from this location again. Poor customer service." Great pizza at a great price! We order from this place even though it's on the other side of Matthews from where we live. Sure beats Domino's or Papa John's. Allergy alert: Their sauce does not have garlic in it so if you know of someone who has a garlic allergy they can eat this pizza sauce without worry of garlic (make sure to check again before trying it  not a bad place to get pizzas from your workplace or groups of people that you nominally like.  I can't stay that my pizza craving won't sway me back if I happen to be in this shopping center  located somewhere between Harris Teeter and New Zealand Cafe  the Howie's website lists his store as the Howie's that is supposed to service my part of town.  He simply said that he couldn't help me and refunded my money (I had already placed the order and was waiting for my pizza for an hour.  The manager said he tried to call but apparently the low rent employee who took my order wrote down my number incorrectly.)  I love Howie's pizza but this particular store is clueless.  Don't depend on them for anything."  and sesame.  We opted for original.  I like the pizza size options.  Medium is quite a bit and was plenty for the three of us to have a snack after we'd already had dinner.  The place was pretty busy as I guess there are a lot of hungry kids coming out of the dance studio."  the pizza was ok....  too much sauce ZXl9KGsv-VEoDKCC_08j4A This is by Farr a very great tasting pizza restaurant! There's something about this place that is great! Even my husband loved it and he's not a big pizza fan! But unfortunately I live in concord and there's not a hungry HOWIES in concord so I have to order take at hungry HOWIES every time I go to charlotte for work! I love the crust and the pizza just blows my mind and the prices are unbelievable! I always order online it's fast and they are speedy Gonzales when it comes to making a pizza! They are better then little Ceasers and now Pizza Hut! I wish they would build one in concord one day :) Thank you for the awesome pizza and I love the name it's cute! Good for a quick lunch." "This place is so slowwwww!!! Not a place to order from when you're hungry and looking for something last minute. Take so long to deliver pizza and by the time it gets to you you forget that you even order the pizza in the first place! Other than that  that's not even why I'm upset. So at the end of my order I say to Zach that I think I have a credit on my account from them leaving an ingredient off the last time  preferring to use their bare hands instead. I have a huge problem with that. I don't know where your hands have been. I was really hungry and really tired after a long day. I will come back again and I will point this out. They need to fix this  or lose at least one customer. Would have had more stars except for this problem."  and the printout receipt is always correct for what we ordered ...so it's not a case of something accidentally not written down or miscommunication.  it's the execution that lacks." So if you're near the Sardis Crossing shopping center and feeling like getting something to eat that's not from a soul-less chain store Would've liked to have gone three and a half stars here but of course can't cause it's just not allowed. Good food. Family run. Good service. Not crowded. Inexpensive. 3.5 stars would be about right. I'll give them the half star for trying hard to please." I say give them a try because you can bring your friends It's worth a visit if you want a quaint non-frou frou local place to have a quiet meal."  and cherished but a wonderful family.  I live nearby and am now holding my Charlotte Crocheters club meeting at Juliana Pizza.  Ursula is the owner I have been working with and she is a shining jewel.  She greeted us enthusiastically Juliana Pizza is where the Charlotte Crocheters meet.  They let us set up in the back part of the restaurant and crochet away.  We meet every Tuesday night and every other Saturday.  CharlotteCrocheters.com is our website.  Juliana Pizza has the best gourmet pizza in Charlotte!  The brownies are to die for.. and I just love their subs.  It is very affordable and everyone is so nice and friendly.   So come on down to Juliana Pizza and have a great lunch or dinner and learn  how to crochet!  and they are very friendly. A nice family oriented restaurant." A must try for this area!!"  only too little sauce!  If you see my photos you may say it looks like a lot!  The service here is always very good!  I have to say I'm a fan because I eat here more than any Italian place!" ... but it's very good. I'd describe it as a Mediterranean puffy pie with your choice of ingredients. The standard offerings are of the kitchen sink variety but that's not my style. I ordered an individual with cheese  ravioli etc. More to Charlotte's taste than to mine   the sauce was nothing resembling tomato sauce found on 99% of all Italian meals.  We should have been tipped off when the chicken was grilled not breaded as is the case with this dish.  BLAND.  GROSS.  TERRIBLE.  Now comes the part that totally caused me to write this.  We sent it all back.  We were asked ""would you like something else?"".  Not a chance.  If this was the indicator for the so called cuisine we wanted nothing to do with it.  The ""manager"" came to our table.  ""You have to pay for the entire meal"".  Seriously?  Seriously!  Now again in 99% of the time when food is returned Great service and the food is always consistent. I also recommend trying the Fragolaki (sp) seasoned grilled steak in a hoagie with feta cheese." Don't let the outside appearance stop you from giving this place a try. I know I'll be back!" Best pizza and wings in the queen city! ! Nice place for a date or hang with friends.  Service is awesome.  I will be back for sure! Our favorite pizza and a great family ownership and atmosphere.  We have a tradition on Friday night we go and pick Julianas Pizza up and the kids as well as mom and dad eat it all!  Also they have homemade coconut cream pie and brownies that are second to none! "I tried really hard to like this place especially since upon walking in to the restaurant for a take out order I was met by what had seemed to be friends of the business who had given rave reviews. My first try was with the meatballs and pasta. Good meatballs but I ran out of sauce half way through my meal..Strike 1. Then a last week I tried a bacon cheeseburger This has been my favorite place to eat for years for lunch or dinner.  They have delicious sandwiches which you can get either fries or pasta salad. I love both but I go for the pasta salad since I need to watch my weight. Their daily specials are great with my favorite being the fried baby flounder on Fridays. The tartar sauce is homemade and needs to be bottled and sold. It's so good I get extra to dip the fries that come with fish. (This is the one time I do get the fries). You can also get the twice baked potato instead which are the best too.  The fried shrimp with the flounder is also great. I think the batter they use on the fish and shrimp for frying is so light and makes all the difference. Their wings are excellent; my favorite is the Greek style wings.  Their pizza reminds me of the old Godfather's style pizza. Very thick and gooey with lots if cheese. This place is not for you if you're watching your weight even though they do have great salads with fresh made dressing too.  YUM! Always great food and good service. Best find ever!!! The food is fresh and have all the favorites on the menu. The even decorated it for Christmas.  though I'm sure many people may like this type of Italian . Standard Italian food - nothing I could buy at the grocery store. My spaghetti was watery and had barely enough sauce to coat the watery noodles." The unfortunately reminded me of a pizza place I used to work for that would pull shenanigans like this... and that place is out of business. It's just very short-sighted to overcharge 61 and lose a customer. Even if they didn't overcharge me I've since moved away and this is always my go to place to meet up with old friends and family. I crave it and look forward to visiting with the Owners. It's always great to time."  along with the decor & especially the carpet. I wouldn't feed my dog scraps from this place."  but I understand it.  The service was a little slow as they have two registers but only one person working on one of them with a lot of people standing around.  I'd stop here for a pizza on my way home again if the price was right." "For a papa johns restaurant it's exactly what it's suppose to be. It's quick We will never return."  I didn't want to call back and have to deal with the phone person again.  I sucked it up and ate 2 pieces of pizza and 4 wings.  The pizza was flavorless and the crust tasted like cardboard.  The wings were slimy and chewy.  Needless to say No way are they that busy that early in the mornings. I know some Papa John's pizza are busy that mornings to prep to sell some pizzas to their local schools for lunch but schools were closed this day. Ridiculous."   wtf?  Finally the pizza gets delivered and we open it and it was more like a medium sized pizza and Luke warm.  It looked like microwaved pizza and it tasted terrible  and then cut off so you couldn't even pick up the pizza without all the topping falling off. I have heard nothing but complaints from everyone in town who has tried Pizza Pit in DeForest." Horrible management and pizza. We went home and ate our large mac-and-cheese pizza and enjoyed it. It was perfectly fine. Cooked right As for the food.....not that great."  I just wanted to get a time when my food would be here.  the manager told me 5min at most.  the food did not show up until 8:15pm and by then it was cold.  the fries were horrible.  I won't be using the credit towards future business."  nothing better than OK.  They throw on an extra $1.50 for delivery charge and the drivers tell us that most goes directly to the managers pockets.  That Sucks."  the staff lacks any work ethic or customer service. The three people I dealt with were all rude and careless. Initially Two stars because it was ""okay"" and didn't make me ill..." This is the worst store ever I have ever dealed with. I checked with them if they deliver and they said yes. Their guy passed my home and said he cannot make up to the hill while he does not. My home is not up on the hill. Just come back. I called him and asked him to stop there and I will go out to meet him. He agreed on the phone but when I went out. He was gone!! I called their store and was hoping they can tell that guy to wait for me but do not carry my kids pizza and run away. The store manager's attitude was horrible. I will never order pizza from this store nor any people I know! Expensive but gooooooooood! Best pizza in the area.  Beats chain restaurants hands-down.  I haven't had anything better anywhere else in Madison so far. "Best pizza we've found in town.  Always friendly even to us relocated ""flatlanders""."  I expect fresh ingredients.  Anna's is actually right next to a Domino's and between the two of them "Our choice for high quality pizza when we want to splurge. It's a case of ""you get what you pay for"". Great crust "Best pizza in the area that I've found.  It's a little pricey "ANNA's  pizza is to die for.  Anna's sauce is amazing and NO she will not share the receipt...... I've asked many times.  This is a small Mom & Pop and Anna's family is fully involved. Her husband Jeff makes the Pizza Been going here for years. Stop by whenever we get to Sun Prairie. Best thin crust pizza. If you're looking for thin crust pizza in Sun Prairie "pizza is great but ordered a salad and garlic bread both of which were a joke.  basically other a quarter head of iceburg TV lettuce and a side of dressing that was the entire salad.  it should have read lettuce not sale.  literally on even one croutons or slice of tomato nothing but shredded lettuce.   the order of garlic read  J loved the Works pizza I ordered. Anna's definitely does not skimp on the toppings or real moz cheese. Another HUGE bonus was the bacon being super fresh too. I still like salvatore pies but this ""pizza war"" in SP does not even equivilate. Anna's is more of a traditional American pizza done right with fresh ingredients and tangy zesty sauce "There's no place like Anna's pizza. Anywhere! The best lil mom n pop (& son) joint with awesome thin crust pizza. Anna uses her Gramma's recipe and the best ingredients-- the sauce is not too acidic  Anna's does use canned mushrooms but there was a time when just about EVERY pizza joint in this part of the country used them  PMs is a nice concept and I enjoy the pizzas now and then. The idea of ""take and bake"" is a fun one and does allow for the cost to stay low while the quality high.  I enjoy that everything is prepared in front of you. My criticism about PMs pizzas are that they tend to be really greasy and sometimes the crusts aren't as even in thickness as they could be - leading to weird cooking times (hence 3 stars and not 4). I'm not sure what sort of cheese combo causes the particular greasiness  you also can't order online. In this day and age that is crucial. They do make an excellent Pizza when ever they do decide to open which seems like between 11am and 11:30 or when ever they get around to it I guess."  and my watch indicate that it was before 8pm but the actual clock inside the store was showing 7:55. I soon as I walked into the restaurant I was told that they were closed even though there was another customer in the store getting a pizza as well. You don't even bake the pizza! How much effort would it have been to take one more order and make one more pizza? The total transaction could have been done and it still probably wouldn't have been 8! It's not like the store had already been cleaned and it would have been a hassle to reopen everything. I would have been completely understanding of that. There are a lot of pizza options in sun prairie. Go there." "Their pizza is really good. I usually get the stuffed chicken bacon ranch but other ones are good too including the garlic chicken! Their s'mores dessert pizza is amazing. I also almost always get their cookie dough and end up eating most of it myself raw. Definitely call your order in ahead because if you don't you could be waiting a bit. Also there's always coupons out there "My first time at this location and was disappointing. Place was dirty and the worst pizza ever. Followed the instruction as I always do 7uoxZ35biPZfl8m5w2_XRA Sounds like this Papa Johns is under new management and is heading in a positive direction! --side note; here is this incredibly complicated pizza I'm trying to order; half sausage and mushroom/half sausage and pepporoni--"  and the garlic sauce that every pizza comes with is delicious to dip in. The pizza is a nice depth as well and the toppings are yummy." "After my last review I was contact by the new owner who said they were working on improving their customer service and asked to give them another chance. I can appreciate wanting to improve things EDIT:  Got a very nice letter in the mail from a managing partner at Papa John's.  Was very courteous and I appreciated it very much.  He gave a generous gift card and apologized for the service.  I applaud your management team! (increased stars)." Great stuffed pizza.  Great price for so much. but they do have some very good choices. They also charge 2.50 for a delivery fee!"  find Rosati's on Yelp and have them here within 30 minutes. The food was much more than I anticipated...  A MUST try. Very well seasoned and the service was great from the phone call to the delivery... 5 stars all around!  The Spinach and Tomato Garlic bread was delicious!" "I love their thin crust pizza but I always feel a little ripped off which keeps me from ordering from them often.  They charge a steep delivery fee which if not taken form the tip makes a pizza almost 28 bucks.  Other places around here have bullshit delivery fees (along with bitchy statements about not taking the fee out of your tip "The huge thin crust supreme pizza we had was delicious! If we lived here "I was in town for the weekend with my son (13) and his friend. asked the front desk at my hotel if there was any good Chicago style pizza places in Madison. I was directed to rosati's. such a disappointment. very bland & the crust...just no. the teenagers even thought it was mediocre. we each tried a slice "I have a coupon for free 12 inch pizza when purchasing 18 inch pizza.    It doe NOT specify that it is only good at the Madison WI west location.  The east side Madison WI location refused to honor it.  The coupon just says ""Rosati's"" with their logo.   Boo shame on them." "I ordered a stuffed (Pie) pizza for carryout. When I got home and opened the lid on the box I knew immediately that this was not going to be a good experience. There was very little sauce on top of the pizza to the point where I could see the cheese/dough on about half of the pizza. While having a slice I found out that it was not even cooked completely. I lifted up the layer of cheese and the crust's top third of the dough was not done and had the raw playdough feel with a darker tint to it. I had to call the store about this because I was not going to pay for this. I asked for the manager and he was going to make another one for us but I did not want to wait for another 45 minutes. I was thinking about getting a different type of pizza but the manager was kind of cold over the phone and wanted us to come in again to pick up another pizza. At that point they lost me and it only got worse. I wanted a refund so he instructed me to either come in that night or the next day with the pizza for the refund. So I took the pizza in and showed it to him and explained my dissatisfaction with it. He told me ""This is how this pizza is"". I know for a fact that this was not true. I used to work in pizza for many years when I was younger for a good amount of time as a kitchen manager/baker. I think I can tell if a pizza is raw or not. I did not want to argue with him in the store  and NOT floppy or doughy anywhere. My favorite specialty pizza is the Valentino (the sauce is a blend of their regular pizza sauce and bbq sauce  and dinners for take out and delivery and always delicious. Last time we ordered the Chicago style pizza and loved it. The staff at the counter and delivery guys are always friendly. Our favorite sandwich is The Cheef My go to in this area.  Thin crust is a winner.  Sauce excellent.  Call to pick up always right on time.  Prices reasonable. LOVE the chief sandwich! Their pies are really good too! Both locations are solid and we usually order as take out.  but it's definitely fun to revisit it and reenter an unchanged scene with all the same sights When Rocky's is good it is very good.  However it is always a hit or miss. Today was the worst pizza I have ever had. The bread sticks were hard as croutons and my pizza was barely warmer than room temperature and looked as if it was made hours before. My husbands also was just as bad.  the best Rockys.  Friendly and good quality pizzas.  Parking is a bit of a headache  it's usually a doughy mess.  Quite good this time "Didn't honor online prices from their own website.  The kid at the counter was clueless.  The manager didn't know about the specials on their website and would not give me the advertised prices.  Emailed their corporate office to find out what the deal was but I got no reposes from them.  The restaurant tried to call me a couple times  especially the chicken bacon ranch. Monona Italian delivers deliciousness once again!" "These folks really care about their pizza. If you don't know subtle flavoring on a pizza  but this is pretty good. Great delivery service (fast). This is on Monona drive. The address on Yelp is their old address."  and my parents favorite pizza when they were kids.  Now that the west side location has moved to University Ave "Do you know why Buck's is the best pizza in Madison? Because the original owner brought the recipe from the heart of the Pizza Belt...Racine! What is the Pizza Belt? It is the area from Chicago north to Milwaukee where the Italian mafia laundered their monies by opening up pizzarias along the Lake Michigan coast. The best thin crust pizzas in the world can be found in places like Racine  you will be hooked. There are simply no negatives i can say except i wish there were more locations.  Absolute sheer perfection. trust me."  but the quality seems to vary quite a bit. Decent pizza if you're looking for thin crust  but totally worth it. just too bad they don't open up until 4pm. there has already been a few times since we've gotten their pizza that we've wanted it but it's not open yet Best Pizza Ever. You have to pick it up though. Its worth the drive. Thin crust cut in squares. Best freakin' sauce....mmmmm...........Buck's....mmmmm...... I have yet to have a better thin crust anywhere in Wisconsin.  This place is well worth a trip for some carry-out." "Buck's is our go-to pizza place in Madison.  Super thin crust that is simply delicious.  No frills (no seating)  next to a VFW that has Happy Hour from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. (support our troops!).  There is no seating; pizza is take out only.  They even sell cans of pop!  I love cans of pop  because the pizza was decent.  It tasted ok.  Nothing stood out to me.  I appreciated that they put the pizza in the paper bags.  It seals up the heat allowing you to get a better product home.  Thank you Buck's for the bag pizza.  Unfortunately  I would suggest looking for a coupon or Groupon. The pizza is not really worth what they are asking for full price." Nothing fancy about this place. Just good old-fashioned thin crust pizza. Take-out only. And you can buy a bag of fresh pizza dough for a dollar.   $5 off 2 large and the guys that are usually working are pretty chill.  Save your receipts for even more savings! Glad I found this place  and always make sure to bring a 'helper' if ordering more than two as these pizzas are not stackable - but then again my best advice is to park "Not understanding the good reviews here.  Their pizza is gross.  It's thin and basically sauceless with minimal toppings.  When I order a pizza ""not too bad"" isn't what I'm going for... I want delicious  Breakfast Pizza both seemed like both a good idea and a great idea. Few times in my life have I been so wrong. Casey's Breakfast Pizza was my Katrina." The people working in here were super friendly too!!" UcuoAlVyNXeD1Na9M47qZw I used to go here frequently when it first opened and found it to be a great deal wth great service.  I hadn't been in for a year or so  and also feel that we've ate (slightly) healthier and saved some money. It also doesn't hurt that we're a mile away and we can grab one on a trip to Schnuck's."  are you SO lazy you can't pick up a raw pizza and cook it yourself? i found the sausage pizza/red sauce a bit salty "Wonderful bake-it yourself pizza.  My friend and I always get the vegetarian and it comes loaded with all the usual veggies and ample cheese.  There's a gourmet vegetarian option with artichoke hearts and spinach that's great as well.  They have good fresh salads and cookie dough for sale also.  Service went downhill there for awhile-they had some downright sullen people in there who used to get upset with us if we came in a half hour before closing  fast and friendly staff. I love love love their Hawaiian pizza." Papa Murphy's has a life long customer in me."  then freeze (not refrigerate). You can microwave or pop into a toaster oven and enjoy better leftovers than if you leave in the fridge."  I ordered extra cheese as one of my 5 topping for $10 Tues. and barely got any cheese on my pizza.  While others walked out with their pizzas loaded.  I'm soooo done with this location.  The staff changes often & they need an adult ( manager or assistant) present during prime hours."  but get it carry-out after a quick inspection to make sure they included everything you paid for." Pizza is pretty good! The service is awful but if you can past that then you'll really like this place! Everything is usually pretty fresh and hot.  you must get their signature french dressing and then dip your pizza in that.  i know it sounds odd but everyone who is an experienced monical's pizza connoisseur knows this is the trick.  i would not advice eating in the restaurant...they seem to be anti-organization or anti-systems logic.  we just were there recently for a school fundraiser and waited 15 minutes before i got up and went to ask for help.  the weird stare i got from the manager said it all  and a chewy crust.  Heed other reviewers' advice and get the dipping sauce "I f'in love monicals.  Perhaps because I was indoctrinated into loving this pizza as a small child.  However  when my boyfriend mentioned that the pizzarolles were delicious but he thought he was going to have a heart attack from all the grease (haha funny funny) Grab the family pleaser (with salad and cola) and lube up your salad and pizza with copious amounts of french dressing... and thank me later."  but not the best in Champaign-Urbana. I prefer Papa Del's. I know it's a different style of Pizza  which created much merriment at our table but likely inspired only disgust and annoyance to the few other patrons and employees within earshot)." "Went here after a doctors appointment one day. The pizza was good. The small salad wasn't their best. The service sucked. The waitress didn't give us refills and nothing was clean. She gave us our check but never came back to take our money. My husband almost walked out after being ignored at the desk by many waitresses that still wouldn't take our money. Finally Gimme some Family Pleaser now!!!  Mouth watering." Love Monical's!  Family Pleaser is the way to go.  there was a Monical's in Chicago's Western Suburbs (Lombard?) a few years ago but sadly  everything.  Good stuff!"  go anywhere else for pizza!" Won't make this mistake again." Service was just ok and they actually got our pizza order wrong.  The pizza was missing a topping that we actually paid for. I like other much cheaper pizza than this." Love the thin crust pizza and the family/neighborhood atmosphere. The pizza crust is so perfectly crispy. Can't go wrong here!  45 min later still nothing. The location is literally 4 miles from the house. Should not take this long to replace an item. Going to just go to the store for refund of the sauce and bread."  2 hours 15 mins later we got our order that was terrible. The pizzas have been soggy and tuff. Our waitress was rude and did t want to fix the issue. I called corporate once and I will be placing another call. AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!"  there are 5 in the Champaign/Urbana area and I managed to order from the one farthest from my hotel by using their website.  I was quoted a delivery time of 75 minutes which turned into just under 2 hours.  The pizza was barely warmer than room temperature.  It did taste pretty good once I warmed it up in the hotel room microwave."  so I did whatever I did that past for studing sometimes here.  The interior was nice and roomie and had and interesting set of furniture.  The crust was cruncy (not crisp on the bottom and doughy "Best Pizza in Illinois outside of Chicago! It's all about the crust which has an amazing flavor! I just get cheese pizza here the crust needs little to dress it up. I've in fact driven 140 miles just to get this pizza. I'll admit to a little nostalgia being involved  IL in 1979 near Waterson Towers.  I later found out that Garcia's closed in Normal when I was celebrating my 20th wedding anniversary.  We drove to Champaign and told them that we met 20 years earlier and they gave us our meal free for being so loyal.  I went to school at the U of I in Champaign and my wife went to school in Normal at ISU.  Garcia's have the best pizza outside of Chicago."  but I really promise it's better than any national chain pizza you'll find in town.  It also has a really friendly  but the fact that people love Monical's pizza leads me to believe they have never had pizza before.  Its awful cardboard with some sauce and cheese on top."  but to me it was still as yummy as before." "I love Monicals and you can't beat the family deal. Formidwextern pizza  even though I can eat gluten. Price was completely reasonable ($10 for a 10"" gluten-free pizza with sausage The salad was cold and fresh and the dressing was really good.  The pizza was cooked just right and I asked for light green pepper and I got 7 pieces.  Bottom line is the food is good but I would advise carry out or delivery if at all possible." They really need to work out the parking situation. Small lot and only one exit (no driving around the building) -- getting out is usually far more difficult than getting in." I've been here twice and both times the food was what you would expect from Monical's.  Both times we also had poor service.  This is my least favorite location in Champaign.  I prefer to drive to the location in Tolono.  but my boyfriend seemed to love it. The waitress seemed to be a little rude. Also we were not offered and utensils and the napkins they had could be found at a cafeteria."  thin crust in little squares that is pretty soggy.  The Family Pleaser is what we always get.  Which just adds an iceburg lettuce salad and soft drinks to a pizza order.  Nothing bad  having eaten here during my graduate school days. A schoolmate advised me to ask for their French dressing on my pizza. It was absurd "This Monical person is only really good at making average pizza. The highlight of my pizza experience was the fact that they put a lot of mushrooms on my pizza. The Mozerella sticks were sorely lacking and the huge chocolate chip cookie I bought was pretty good. If you're looking for some average pizza  as well as sauce on the top. It was FABULOUS! And it comes with 3 toppings for under $15. You gotta try it!" "I cannot believe Monicals gets such low ratings. They have the best thin crust I've ever tasted. And yes My favorite pizza place when I come to visit my family up this way. Worked at one when I was 16 lol. Husband loves the thin crust pizza. Breadsticks are great too I also like this location. It has two levels which gives is a more homey feeeling."  even salad. AND more unbelievably the pizza served was missing a portion. The reason? ""The oven ate it""- according to the waitress. We were made up with a personal small pizza One of the places I just have to get something from whenever I'm in Champaign . Absolutely love their thin crust pizzas. Haven't found one as crispy anywhere else. OK pizza. Crust pizza and point pizza are good choices if you want to give it a try. "I've ate here many times after #Illini football games. Service is GREAT & fast. Reasonably priced. Accept credit. I suggest the family meal. 2 pizzas Great-tasting deep dish pizzas.  They make a mean calzone as well.  I'm a little sad that they don't use fresh mushrooms.  they put clumps of frozen spinach on top without really defrosting it or squeezing out water. And the clumps were COLD."  huh?  Too bad they wouldn't let me though.  So I canceled the ordered and kept on walking.  And walking.  And walking.  It's a long way to east Urbana from downtown Champaign.  In the cold.  On New Year's Eve." CALZONES.  They have fabulous calzones here.  They just ooze delicious cheese and are stuffed with toppings.  Calzones; that's what Prime Time Pizza (ironically) is for They don't keep this place clean at all; it's almost sickening to walk in the door."  the sauce is a little sweet like palermo's in chicago.  the cheese is delicious (also had the cheesy bread).  if they use canned/jarred mushrooms  on special for a ridiculously low price.  horrific.  and hard to recognize what i received AS a stuffed pizza."  snobs.  It is delivery or pick-up only....you don't go there for aesthetics.  This is the kind of mom & pop pizzeria PIZZA I grew up with.  Like thousands before them....its just a family with a special sauce and original crust recipe and a whole team of weird delivery guys.  But the pizza is great The pizza itself was not good (probably because it had sat out of the oven for over an hour)  and it tastes like something I made during third grade girl scouts. Either they don't use YEAST in their dough  I was generally impressed by the pizza I got  I'm probably going to go back a second time" they are lucky they have my favorite calzones in town." Recommendation: Numero Uno"  and the ONLY option when faced with the prospect of another horrid meal at My Big Fat ""Greek"" Restaurant. We both like the deep dish pizzas (and I am grateful that they have tasty options for those of us who have tomato sensitivities)  2 Pizzas - $60-something bucks.  Ehh... I'd take Shakey's anyday!  Besides  nothing like at all like my fond memories of the dish.  Also my waiter spent most of his time hanging out with his buddies' tables.  So menu  I didn't know what else to do.  The salad was tasty though."  quick and as ordered as it has been every other time we've eaten here.  The service is consistently friendly and good."  at least by half.  They didn't do that here (to my knowledge).  Would be a cool feature to add."  but it's a spot that I enjoy visiting when I embark on a calorie burning night!"  id keep it simple... a pepperoni thin crust." I'll go again if I'm ever at the AZ Center. I just might bring my Windex and Endust however." I like  the Arizona Center but try My Big Fat Greek Restaurant... Plenty of staff  nothing more than your classic ""American bar and grill"" with lots of ""flare"" (think Office Space). Coca-Cola advertising I know I probably sound dramatic  Chicago Pizza! It's been four months and this was a slice of heaven. You people from Chicago know what I'm talking about. We ran into this by accident and we just had lunch  but paying $25 for a pizza that was ""alright"" didn't leave me in a good mood.  But you can be kind of a dick about pizza when you grew up eating what you believe is some of the best pizza in the world."  only 2 of us there but it was raining out and a little cold.  Since I live just 2 blocks from here I am sure I will be back CvJNcUtmNubDF8UmuduNXg  when u pass by cici's windows the children look sad and angry because u didn't take em to ppp."  no seriously Im a regular at least once a week lol The buffet at lunch sucks they serve the worst pizzas I feel like Im always waiting for them to put out a simple pepperoni pizza but nope just another wack invention come on people this is not CiCis.. Then when they do finally put one out everyone takes all the slices. When I go any other time the pizza is great but they do take a long time 45-60 min wait. The customer service here from the staff including management is horrible  but it's a 5-star cheap place to take the kids where they will love you for it!"  it tasted like...childhood." About the only downside is parking. You might need to park between the pad which houses the place and the remnants of Tower Plaza instead of directly in front. Not a big deal."  and I didn't want to eat on them. I definitely won't be going back." Walked in on Saturday and walked out.  you will get a more epic review Peter Piper on Thomas !"  or it would just steal my tokens. All the tickets I would have been winning would be given to my son so he could cash in and buy things at the counter. So I was pissed that it kept ripping me off. And the counter toys are super expensive! I don't think I would recommend this place to anyone."  and after seeing their cheesy commercials I've decided to give this place a try. I would not recommend their pizza at all. I had the California Pizza which includes your typical pizza veggies Online ordering system sucks. My order was lost." The place looks great over 10 big screen tvs more space  newer games and brand new carpet... everything has been improved and brand new expect the wifi ...  your kids will love it and you should be able to tolerate it. Not a bad outing." I've never in my life had a problem with PPP! I've been getting pizza from here for over 8 years....but what is going on with their new crust? It is horrible & disgusting! They only have pan & thin crust now???? What happened to their amazing hand-tossed? I'm so disappointed that they have changed! I will never be a returning customer until their crust is changed back!  kids are literally banging the walls. Parents of the birthday child have been apologizing profusely for the tardiness and mom specifically said to mention the no show hostess in this review." This place reminded me a bit of my fond memories of Chuck E Cheese The pizza seemed to get better then 10 years ago So as I'm writing this I'm thinking of the Wedding Crashers. Now taking applications for a Birthday Crashing partner are you in?? I will supply the child. Lets go!!"  2 drinks & $20 worth of tokens. Total was around $43 for everything. About 15 mins. later our food was ready. The pizza was tasty & piled high w/toppings. The breadsticks were yummy w/lots of garlic & butter. Even though we don't have kids we had a good time playing games. The ""motion"" game was so lame for 4 tokens They don't have the game selection of Dave & Busters but they have skee ball and that suits me just fine.  I don't have kids so this isn't a place I'd come to a lot but it seems like a good place for a night out with the family if you have one.  Enjoy a pie and let your kids have a good time." Place was clean and not busy at all for a Saturday. Pizza was good compared to chucke e cheese. I mean it has good pizza I love the ceaser salad.I enjoyed. "Great place to go for the whole family. Remodeled so its new and clean!! And they have wifi!!  I think I show ""Chucky Cheese"" eating there today..lol..or not????" My daughter Loves this place! The pizza isn't too bad and the lunch buffet is a great price. This is always a good lunch date for mommy/daughter.  Service is always good and sssh! They have beer and wine here!  Eat that Chuck E Cheese! "2nd of 3 kids birthday parties this weekend.  What a marathon.  Token games are fun though "This was one very clean location (down to the bathrooms). Although it was packed because it was a Saturday ( what can you expect lol) the staff still managed to keep things clean. No cups  the pizza is always good and even with big groups of kids they still recognize my family and take time to visit and make sure everything is going smoothly with our lunch." That said we arrived at 105 to a completely empty bufett that took untill 130 to get caught back up. Pizza is good overall. Not the best or worst bufett.  Middle of the road. Cheap food almost fast."  there is no salad bar available in the evening; just some prepackaged and expensive mixed lettuce. Where are all the ""healthy choices"" they advertise?" Better than any of the other Peter Pipers we've been to!!"  BUT at no point should the staff allow kids to wrestle and bump into other customers. Furthermore 2J1DtN7FjGICQcgRei3jKA  and if Peter piper pizza seems like a kid place. I'll come here with my friends who are all 21+  which is a major plus!!! They must have remodeled at some point because I remember it being much smaller. I'd recommend coming here for the lunch buffet  but they do have good games for the kids and the staff is super friendly!" Had this pizza at work and I have to say it was bad.  It was hard and pretty tasteless.  I will never recommend it to anyone.  and we never found it. We told management and Chris was on his hands and knees searching high and low for my brothers phone. What a sweet guy. Will definitely be back. He's a great person." Good place to go to pick up a quick dinner.  There's usually a wait for breadsticks- but it's cheaper than even going to McDonalds!  The pizza isn't amazing- but it's okay for $5!  but at 3 times the cost. Definitely the best bet for feeding a family. I've actually grown fond of their pizza. They have an online coupon that will get you free sauce your breadsticks. There's a wait about fifty percent of the time You pay 5 bucks for a large pep pizza and 3 bucks for.crazy bread. You have aeal for.2 or 3 under 8 bucks. Its.not the highest quality but for quick amd easy pizza it is a great deal. I'd rather go here and spend 2 minites inside waiting to pick up my pizza rather than 20 at most other places The only reason I'm giving this place 4 out of 5 stars is because the ""hot and READY"" pizzas sometimes aren't ready when you order them." several bad experiences with this pizza place...today was the worst. came in & asked for water & they told me they don't give water. I asked for the manager.. he refused as well. i told them it was against the law to refuse to give water. Didn't have time to argue because i was dehydrated. thankfully there was a restaurant next door that knew the law. here is proof http://www.jacksonwhitelaw.com/criminal-defense-law/2014/01/09/strangest-laws-in-arizona/  and understanding about paying with some change. Awesome place for a quick  food was so great the place was packed and I waited for about 45 minutes to get my five dollar hot-n-ready pizza."  grabbing her tongue and now refusing to eat because it hurt. I'm assuming it was just a fluke but maybe it got a little too hectic and things went a little too fast." They usually have the kind of pizza I want ready. I can call ahead and have the kind of pizza I want made to order. The place is clean and the pizza is good for the price.  ""hot and ready."" Whenever I go there I have to wait for my pizza. But for the price $5 you can't be that upset. Its defiantly not that great but for the price it is."  I won't be returning again. They have a bunch of kids working here with no sense of what customer service means." "I called ahead for my order this time. It was ready when I got there Horrible place never have pizza and they tell you only 10 min wait but you end up waiting 30+min for a hot and ready. I switched over to dominos  never thought I would ever be doing this but here's a 5 star posting for you!"  but I really wish they would put a little more attention to the food."  who could complain.  The kids get to have fun and the adults get to spend $20 on a $5 toy they could've bought.  Just don't eat their food."  find another venue for a party!"  the pizza was greasy and tasteless. I asked for blue cheese and ranch with my wings and only received ranch. My wife refused to eat and so did my 15 month old son and he was hungry. Paid $36 bucks two drinks medium pizza and small wings. That's the food experience  20 tokens and 2 drinks.  The pizza actually was not that bad.  I did feel little dirty there though with all the kids running around barefoot.  It's also interesting how you can't enter until you and your family get stamped.  I guess it's to make sure you're child doesn't get kidnapped!  The manager there was extremely nice and very polite.  That's a huge plus right there.  Every now and then the employees will come out and throw tickets in the air for kids to collect.  Those tickets go towards prizes they can ""buy"" at the prize counter." The downside of it. Pizza isn't really that good and its pricey. But if you come during payday The play maze suspended from the ceiling at this location is ""awesome"" in the words of our little ones. And their favorite game? The ticket counting machine. I kid you not." U9k7bgfXKrix91ur9anpmA  easy going and the bar looks like it can get pretty neighborhoody fun." We read the reviews and stopped in this evening. The salad was great and plenty. The pizza was fresh and delicious. We will definitely go there again. Great neighborhood restaurant. But the pizza really is good."  but I've never waited for a table. Excellent service. The only pitfall is that there aren't a lot of food choices outside of pizza. A few calzones and sandwiches and very basic salads  and abrupt customer service.  Very meh."  nothing special. 12 bucks for a salad and an iced tea. Should have went to Picazzo's." A great pizza place in the north phoenix!  Their wings are so amazing I dream about them. The pizza is equally delicious! It is a great place to hang with friends and catch up over a beer (they have a tone on tap) while you treat yourself to some great food! I'm definitely going to be back soon! Enough said!" It has a very relaxed atmosphere. My niece and the children at the other table approved. The bar had a few televisions with different football games on them." "So I thought I would order from my local neighborhood pizza joint for a quick Saturday afternoon lunch. Big mistake! The cheese tasted like rubber  they recieved no crayons etc. It also took a really long time for our server to show. The wings were a bit dry but still tastey. We loved the pizza though. It was delicious! Our only complaint would be the slow service. There seemed to be only one waitress for the entire restaurant! I would go here if I wanted to take my time and socialize. The food was good and the staff was friendly. Our waitressed worked her tail off so I blame management for the slow wait. I'd go again for sure. Maybe just order takeout next time though! (only because I have impatient little ones)" Service is good. If you don't like coffehouse-type music  friendly staff and a lot of regulars at the bar.  Live music on the weekends.  The only problem I have is that they close a bit early for weekend nights The live music is fun and they change musicians enough to allow for conversation in between singers.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because of the sporadic service." this place is good food great price but closes to early 9pm weeknights service is great and lots of selection of beers on tap  which is really nice for watching football on Sundays. They also have a pool table  then Fatso's likely rates as a 4-star drinking establishment.  Maybe 4.5 if the music is good."  so I thought Id try it. Let me say that any chain pizza place has better pizza than fatso's. Any name brand self rising frozen pizza is better as well. This place has lots of beer on tap. Probably to get you can get drunk so you can eat this garbage!"  making this better than the typical non-Chicago pizza." "This is a fantastic place for the family to get great pizza.  They are extremely friendly and attentive here.  We had the thin crust pizza.  It was hot  plus they have lots of 'Golf' memorabilia all around the place and I love golf  and there were no puddles of orange cheese grease on top. I just had my leftover slice for breakfast and it was just as good the next day. If I'm ever in the neighborhood again I will definitely come back."  sausage and garlic is one of my favorite pies in all of Phoenix.  So good and so addicting!  I pretty much stick with that when eating at Fatso's.  I tried their wings and the Big Johnson specialty pizza.  Wasn't really a fan of either  but this place was awful!  The service was horrible.  The bartender was the only server and he basically ignored us the entire time and was laughing it up with the regulars at the bar.  I could have over-looked that.  But the food!!  OMG!  The pizza was most definitely either microwaved or frozen.  The crust was literally like cardboard Fatso's is one of my favorite pizza places - I highly recommend the Pan Big Johnson. Prices are reasonable and on retailmenot.com there is ALWAYS a 15% coupon in circulation (just in case you don't live in the area). Try it - it's unreal! Great beer selection and good pizza.  Appetizers leave something to be desired but the good service and live music make it worth coming back.  way over priced. I had coupon for a pizza and 20 wings all I asked was for them to do half honey bbq and half hot and they wouldn't budge. I ended up buy 1 medium 1 large and 2 dozen wings it cost 50 dollars. I will settle for Dominos or even red devil  treat yourself to a Fat Cookie.  It is100% worth the thousands of crunches you'll need to do to work it off!"  this is a fine spot for watching football and enjoying dinner. Personal sized pizzas allow everyone to get what they want (versus having nasty peperoni grease make it's way onto my half of the pizza Good food good time love the pizza  but they won us over! It's my favorite local pizza and the servers are like family. We enjoy the live music too. We're fans of the Hawaiian pizza and the Carnivore pizza. Worth checking out..." This place is disgusting. From the food to the place I would not recommend this to anyone. Except for my enemies.  so they decided to celebrate where it all began. They are regulars and it shows as the entire party was waited on hand and foot. They have a ton of different pizza options and their salads are big enough to share. Not to shabby if I do say so myself. I will have to come back again soon and try some other options as well as the secret  menu of wings for those that like them extra spicy like me."  they miss my street (Union Hills) by ONE LIGHT!!! So I will forever have to pick up my delicous food "Live music the night we visited  is always totally friendly. Solid Craft Beer Selection with 10 or so taps.  Why don't they make their apps?..Music is good as well  but they usually have the same groups.  One of my favs in the (51) Corridor."  I think you'll love Fatso's Pizza because it's totally reminiscent of Red Baron pizzas you'd find for $5 at Walmart.  I'm not going to go deep into what was wrong simply because everything was bad about the darn thing.  I ended up just leaving 75% of it there and paying my bill.  It's not the waitress fault and I tipped her Worst pizza I have had in a long time.  Ordered the so called deep dish.  If you like thick doughy crust with absolutely no toppings you may be thrilled.  It was terrible.   All you get is undercooked crust.  What a waste of $21 bucks. Hope to see you there." Previous delivery experiences have been better. Which is the only reason they get 2 stars." They offer live music Fri and Sat nights and Thursday is open mic night. All in all a great place to grab a beer (they have 20 on tap and a few that rotate monthly)  or fun night and you can be ensured that the service is decent despite the number of patrons versus servers. We came on a Monday football night and only 2 people were working. We never felt neglected. The food was decent and I would come back just for the comfortable atmosphere. I normally don't give 4 stars to restaurants that aren't food worthy  good pub food and good company. Great place on a Friday night for live music."  and its like a bread stick part) ... it was tasteless ... but the overall pizza was fantastic :)" "Have been a regular here for years. Just ordered 48 dollars of food to go. We asked for 2 extra ranch dressing.  The bartender re ran our card for the extra dollar.  Seems awfully cheap.  The pizza and wings are already overpriced.spoke to the owner about the charge and he couldnt care less.  We come here 2 or 3 times a month and spent 50 bucks a pop. Never again . I dont understand why an owner would tell a customer tough shit  and the pizza and wings are always good.  It is one of my go to places for a casual dinner out." This was a great local hangout. Delicious thin crust pizza (we had the Big Johnson) and inexpensive beer. Tonight they had a fantastic guitar duo. Really fun to hang out and see the locals and watch a game or two. i might bump them up to 3 stars if I ever visit the bar and it's fun "Great naked wings I suggest the honey hot sauce.  The Redeye beer from Lumberyard is very good and the service was great The meat lovers pizza is awesome! Not necessarily the best New York style pizza what they do a pretty damn good job on their special pies . "We used to come here with the kids starting in 1996. They are now all grown and moved out so some how we stopped coming here. Last week out of the blue we went back. Same great service  specialty bombers and great pizza.  Also Pizza is good and you can't beat the beer selection.   Theirs wings have a good sauce also.  great beer selection and the awesomely tasty and huge sandwiches. It's definitely a place where ""everyone knows your name"" if you come often enough. Super friendly."  4 stars for their service and beer menu. I enjoy eating here though it is not the tastiest joint in town  and the wings? Eh. Nothing special. Standard wings you get anywhere. Hot sauce wasn't so hot." You can go wrong here. This is the place for a good pie!  They bake their wings too. Yum! Great pizza! 20 beers on tap! The owners and staff are super friendly. They have been here 20 years...that says something Outdoor seating also. Overall experience was okay. Probably would not run back"  not the best. Kinda pricey... The staff is super friendly  you won't be disappointed.  They now have a patio area too for when it gets cooler"  the atmosphere great. The pizza tastes sweet like someone's family recipe suggested they add sugar. Wow  awesome beer selection and owners that make a point of remembering your name when you come in." "First time coming to Fatso's pizza and we receive and unwelcoming vibe from the waitress. She had no costumer service and she made it seem like she definitely did not want to be at her job. Very empty and lonely place. The pizza was cold once it was handed to us. She did not come back to ask if we were doing okay  we are only able to manage 1 slice each and take the rest home.  The food is consistently good and the service is great.  Some nights they have karaoke night so it can get a bit loud.  But if it's bothersome "We always come here! I love the giant salad. Their ranch dressing is delicious. Their wings are really good as well! They have sports on TV's everywhere "I'm not sure how or why some people give these bad reviews since we've never had anything but a great time.  We live right in the neighborhood and I'm guessing have been here 15 to 20 times. The pizza is great. I love the thickness of the regular (thin-ish) crust  it's the bees knees! I just moved back from California and you best believe this was my 1st pizza stop!!! YUM!" u5o4H8h0sIVhqa8Lcusi5g "Awesome pizza has the pan deluxe it was amazing will def be coming back!  The aptmosphere  is great small private the staff is so friendly!  The wings are baked not fried  awesome calzones AND a sports bar feel!! Well sort of. Live music on occasion as well for your pleasure. A great local place!"  maybe just get the cheese. The bar area looked like a lot of fun! I want to go with my boyfriend once a game is on that I care about! ;) Service was great and they use your name a lot  I'm hooked. This place has a completely unique taste and I love it. Strongly recommend the Great White. I'm craving it now Was hoping for good pizza but it was average at best. Not a fan and we won't be ordering it again. Delivery was a typical amount of time (30 minutes or so). Sadly not as good as some other pizza chains. Sounds like it's better to dine in. Good food but very rude staff. Opened 15 minutes late on our arrival and just told us to wait outside until they finished cleaning restrooms. Not really what you expect to hear when arriving to eat lunch. I am posting this for the pizza connoisseurs. If you are going for the bar it looks like they were doing a great job." u5o4H8h0sIVhqa8Lcusi5g  good service and so CLEAN!! Friendly staff and patrons - Good music and it didn't drown out the conversation. I was surprised at how good the pizza was - but a friend from back East recommended it - which is saying a LOT! Bring the family or come as a couple - either way they make your seating work for you. Will def be back!"  and handled was off. And the ranch was runny; nothing special."  waitstaff amazing. We order one a week take out. my annoyance is with the hostess and the appearance with the place. Hostess will randomly hang up on you on phone orders when asked more detail on the menu items. Make sure to not ask questions about the menu items if a female answers. Just order it. She does this when they are busy  thin but not ""cracker"" thin pizza with loads of toppings. We got pepperoni and black olive. We also got a Chef salad which was delicious -my other half only complained about ""iceberg lettuce"" but he is a salad snob (loves micro greens). Lastly Horrible pizza . Could not even force it down . Buyer beware . I would have  no stars but app had me check one to complete review Always stop by when im in the area.  Great pizza and sandwiches.  Super cold beer..great draft selection..friendly fast staff ....wings are baked not fried..super good flavor... cool lil spot fir a quick beer ir a big dinner...good prices too...even have pacman and centipede lol What we did like though was the wings and the atmosphere.  Wings were just the right level of spicy for both myself and the wife (medium) and were crispy and came out nice and hot.  Women's soccer was on and the place was packed.  Lots of tv's and a nice local crowd.  Plenty of beers on tap Never going back and thanks once again home made food much better. Safer wonder what Maricopa county health department will say about the pictures I took"  makes this a Top Must Try in Phoenix. Oh and live music on the weekends if your looking for something to do! Oh and Mrs. Pack man and Centipede arcade games WHAT! @ontheroadeats @FatsosPizza www.ontheroadeats.com"  sometimes they are made quick with a lot of lettuce stems. The pizza is pretty incredible. I don't eat pizza often but when I do it has to be phenomenal Plus they deliver in the evenings.  Did I mention this was my favorite?  Highly recommended!" "Worst service ever. Told 30 minutes for delivery. An hour later I had to call in and ask what happened. Told them to cancel my order. Regardless how busy they can get Our waitress was outstanding!!  I almost got carded!!" Make you fill at home" Can't wait to come back to stay longer!" Weekends they have a live band which sets a cool vibe while dining and I really like the desert here as well. Cant go wrong :)" Great food and beer! Great service! Can't say this enough. The wings are fantastic. You can tell these people take pride in everything. "My wife and I just went to Fatso's for the 2nd and LAST time recently. We sat at the bar and the 3 ""gentlemen"" (one was a high school coach) who sat on the other side of my wife carried on an audible conversation laced with numerous ""F"" bombs. The bartender/owner said nothing as these ""gentlemen were regular customers. To top that the pizza we ordered was tasteless and the crust was more like cardboard. After we each ate a small piece  hometown atmosphere about it. We got a half and half Hawaiian and carnivore pizza. Both yummy and covered in toppings. I definitely feel like a ""fatso"" after eating here. Portions are huge Love this place. Best baked wings! Their pizzas are unique and delicious.  My boyfriend has to stay away from gluten and he loves their gluten-free crust.  Don't even get me started on that cookie dessert yum! Great little place to grab a pint and a pizza!  This place reminds me of the Clover Leaf Tavern back home in Tacoma WA.   So far all the pizza's we've tried have been amazing!  they know how to create an atmosphere that makes you more than okay with waiting maybe a little longer for your pizza and wings. From what I'm aware of they have a live band that comes on the weekend. The pizza and wings are great and I would recommend this place to anyone."  and fair priced. It has a nice mom and pop feel to it and the place is almost always hopping. Easily our favorite pizza joint when you want a comfortable My only complaint was the salad dressing was nothing spectacular but other than that  the chicken *poppers* are more like chicken nuggets  whenever i get that 50% off promo code you better bet im ordering pizza!!! THANK YOU PAPA JOHNS FOR THE GREAT PIZZA KEEP UP THE HARD WORK!!!!!!!!!!!! LOYAL COSTUMER!!!!!"  no pizza ... Nothing. . .  And a charged credit card. Horrible. Called the closest store to find out they cannot deliver. And my card will still be charged. NEVER AGAIN will I order from papa johns... I suggest you don't either"  delivery only... It's 10:40pm by the way. Ridiculous. Dominoes it is! Not cool Papa. Lost my business."  it arrived fairly quickly but that was the only redeeming quality. The pizza itself was very bland. Wishing we had gone with one of the local places that might take a bit longer or with another major chain that would have had more flavor than Papas did."  but every once in awhile I crave Papa John's sauce and enjoy pizza half of what Spinato's charges." "Ordered a pizza online tonight while watching the UFC fights.  My first Papa Johns order. Guess I wasn't paying much attention while ordering online and selected carry out. After an hour and twenty minutes I called and said hey where's my pizza.  Well they were SUPER nice UtmsxhLHB4lYSN_NxKW3XA 