"There is something about sitting across from Dr. Rectenwald that makes you feel as if you went back in time - to a time when doctors spent time REALLY listening to your problem "He's the best Doc I have ever visited. Very experienced I have terrible foot pain and can barely walk. I was told to come in 5 weeks.  In the past I have seen this doctor for minor foot problems. Very disappointed that I can not be seen sooner. Would only recommend this doctor for toenail trims or  minor problems. Do not believe he cares about his patients. Dissatisfied patient Dr. Lind and his Assistant made sure I understood my ""at-home"" post-surgical work to insure the best healing outcome!  The Receptionist was great too "I went to this practice after experiencing moderate to severe pain in my right ankle. When I made the appointment I told the person booking the appointment that it was related to my ankle (so they would hopefully assign me to a physician that was versed in that area).  When I went for my appointment "Went to this practice several times and saw Dr. Lind.  We were told that my son needed  an orthotic for planters fascia tis.  We purchased a lower priced orthotic to begin with. The first orthotic failed within a month so we returned and purchased a more expensive orthotic (more than $300) and told it had a 1 year warranty.  Unfortunately  and thorough.  The staff made me feel comfortable despite by broken foot.  The doctors and tech staff were willing and ready answer any questions I had.  They even gave me additional numbers to reach them at if I thought of any further questions.  I highly recommend Dr. Kaiser and Dr. Miller for all of your foot needs.  I was in Charlotte on vacation and needed immediate attention.  I was able to be scheduled quickly and get everything I needed." "Dr. Kaiser did a check up on my broken foot 5 weeks into recovery. Her instructions were very clear and concise.  Her nurse made me feel welcome and comfortable.  I will be sure to come back if I have any further needs- but with my new orthotics  but to give me about 30 min. to get home so that I could write it down.  Of course that part of the message didn't get through because he called me 10 min. later while I was drivng and could take down the name of the infection.  From what I could remember of the type of infection   I highly suggest you find another practice." My son was referred here from our family doctor. My son who is totally affraid of needles and the procedure did amazing. His ingrown and infected toenail was removed and no tears were shed.  In fact laughter and much joking around kept him very happy. Still very professional  even tho there was joking going on. I would recommend this office to anyone with a squeamish child! Dr. Molan is extremely friendly and professional. Takes all the edge out of going to the doctor. It's always funny when you're at a clinic or something and hear someone screaming in pain.  A guy down the hall was having some stitches taken out and was cussing up a storm.  :)  He walked out before me "Very friendly guy and great bedside manner.  Staff was nice...but never called me back about scheduling surgery.  That was probably a good thing since it pissed me off and I found someone else...and that doc told me what my real problem was...that I had foot deformities.  Dr. Harlan just chimed in with the same old thing podiatrists have been telling me since I was a pre-teen.  So "I am surprised by the reviews.  Dr. Harlan and his then partner saved my badly damaged ankle in 2006.  After recovery and until now I am pain free.  I have been back to see him on a couple of foot issues and after following his advice  for anyone out there looking for a podiatrist Thank you yelp. Thank you Gabi. For this foot friendly find!"  so I took a chance and went to see him.  I was impressed with his courteous staff and knowledgeable nurses.  I went to see him because I had an ingrown toenail.  I was nervous because I would soon be going on vacation and wanted to make sure it wouldn't hinder my ability to walk.  He did an excellent job and I was back walking in a day with no problems afterwards.  Not only are his skills superb Dr. Lowry was awesome. Great bedsides manner and more than willing to answer any question I had. He worked wonders with my foot Spurs. Wouldn't recommend anyone else!  this time to treat an ingrown toenail.  I really like Dr. Lowy and the procedure went very smoothly. My only complaint : I had the procedure right before a long weekend the night of my procedure was the hardest because when the numbing wore off it did burn. but I woke i love you the next morning with absolutely no pain! I had one day off and back to work the next and I've been wearing my nikes and everything has been great. I'm so glad I got this done. please go to Dr. Lowy if you have foot and ankle problems. you will be taken care of and you will be problem free afterwards. if you are getting something done like me or need this done 