"Best gryos in Pittsburgh in a little shop with a lot of Pittsburgh flavor! Potomac is street parking with meters "I have some errands that I run in Dormont every Monday. When I finish the errands I stop at Knossos every week to pick up a couple of Gyros to go for my girlfriend and I. It seems to be a good We had food delivered to our house last night from Knossos. I tried their pierogi which I found to be quite good. Also tasty are their broccoli bites and their huge ice cream sandwiches (homemade). Very recommended!  and spiced very well.  The perogie was also really good. I will definitely go back and try some of their other dishes Obviously you'll get the traditional gyro's here as well "Hummus is very good. Not a place you'd want to ""go out"" for dinner but great for a quick bite to eat. Would go there again."  our gyros were cold and fries were soggy. I wont be ordering from here again." Fairly cozy and diner-esque on the inside"  and obviously not fresh as I watched the woman cut from the very top of the thin spindly piece of meat left and then microwave it before serving me.  I will never go back to this place nor will I recommend it.   Stay away  who was very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu was great.  She truly helped out with our dining experience.  We also had couple gyros The Burgh's best gyros! Don't expect a fancy atmosphere and you won't be disappointed. Cheap eats and a diner-like atmosphere. They even deliver! A place worth checking out!" I don't like to bash food joints but I won't be back!  I'm not hard to please 1OO3fy6z5lxlRuHnnhPStg _GVAV2LjUWEs9fGjslex_A  best sandwich in town. sausages fresh made on premisis Kielbasa is excellent Warning: You will go for lunch and want to buy about 10 lbs. of deli meat!" 1OO3fy6z5lxlRuHnnhPStg  you cant go wrong with what you order. Their deli meat prices are slightly cheaper than your average Boars Head meats you find at the store and are one hundred times better. So grab some cash "Can't get more authentic than this. Polish family runs the place and makes all their own meats and sausage. They carry many crackers The Best cold cuts (deli meats) in Phoenix I don't know of a better place to get an awesome deli sandwich.  Delicious european meats and very large sandwiches.  decided to let Yelp help me and low and behold this is what I found. This is the real deal "Every review I have read is right on!  I had no idea what I was getting into when I stepped foot into this little family owned deli.  Old school - quality meats  long sausages then you'll love this place! And you can smell this place from the outside. The smell of smoked Kielbasa lures you in. The store is non stop for the holidays but bring cash or check as no debit or credit are accepted. At Best of Europe you hear Eastern Europeans speaking in their native tongue  this place is absolutely wonderful! They have delicious food on top of ""market"" type items that are found in traditional Eastern European cooking that you can buy. I love coming here because it reminds of my heritage and has awesome food! The place is pretty tiny but the food will keep you coming back again and again! Too bad it's really far away from my home or I would be here on a weekly basis!"  they have a Yelp! sticker on the door..." Wow! Best Sandwich this the valley - Try the #12 you will not regreat- they even ship this sandwiches to NYC If you miss the authenticity of deli's from the place your grew up or have a bit of envy from those travel shows watching the hosts gorge themselves on great deli meats from famous places I have yet to have one of their sandwiches as I try to avoid bread but every time I am there and someone else orders one You can not get a better sandwich in the valley than the #12. It is the best anywhere plus everything else there is terrific. Best meats you ever wanted.  the girl behind the counter recommended before I even said anything. It was awesome! Two whole sandwiches. Perfect amounts of meat and cheese.  Can't wait to go back when I have people over for a BBQ so I can get some of their franks. Great service as well. Will be back numerous times." I also learned polish food is more subtle and rich but quite nice! Highly recommended~" Looking forward to another visit!" Place can get pretty busy and it is fun to hear people speaking Polish when ordering their goodies and then watching them dance with excitement as they get back in their cars. CASH Only. NE Corner in Food City parking lot. Definitely one of my favorite sausage places in town." This is truly the best place in ARIZONA to buy a sandwich.  the only reason I tried this place was b/c of the perfect yelp score. I was slightly leary b/c there was only 24 reviews(I'm #25 woo hoo! lol). But I figured getting mostly 5 stars & no less than a 4 star was given out of those 24  I love it so much it was what I wanted for my birthday lunch this year.  My family comes from Eastern Europe and I have been fortunate enough to visit a few times and the meats Been here once. Got the Italian special & the European sub. Both were really good! I tried both & couldn't decode which one I liked better lol. The sandwiches are actually 2 sandwiches when you order the full sandwich so you get huge portions! Not bad at all for $7 & change. Lots of other European goodies that I had never seen. Sweets too. I tried the kinder country chocolate bar. The girl at the counter said it was Germany's most popular candy. I can tell why! Yummy!!! I am sure their business isn't driven by the sandwiches though."  clean and really enjoyed my lunch. More than enough food next time I will order the half sandwich."  so they're awesome. Buy teaworst." "I stop in this gem occasionally for a sandwich. Its one of the few places where you can get a great lunch at a great price. The sandwiches are actually two sandwiches and are delicious. One of these days I'll order some meats to take home. There's not much seating so don't expect a full service diner. Owners are very nice and friendly. Beware though  so keep that in mind.  The sourdough bread is amazing.  The cold cuts are very high quality and delicious.  I purchased a few Polish sausages to go and made them at home later.  Wow.  Impressed." This place reminds me of walking into a deli somewhere in Eastern Europe - it's that authentic. The proprietors speak Polish and they have many authentic products from the Eastern Bloc. The sandwiches taste so fresh and are made from high quality ingredients and are HUGE! I've been coming here for a decade and it's as good as the day I first started coming here About to have a sandwich from here but so far a really good experience. I ordered #3 and my sister ordered #12 with no mustard. Can't wait to see what they taste like. Everything so far is good though but I'll probably update once I eat the sandwich. My brother and I ate here. He got the number 3 and I got the number 12. Both were great. And we each took home a quarter of our sandwiches because they were very big. "Looks and feels like a good old mom and pop shop. Got a pastrami sandwich and was pretty damn good. I really wish I hadn't seen the girl making my sandwich put the fresh deli meat into a microwave  and did not mold (I've been other places where it molds very quickly).  This sausage is a hit.  It's a great snack Authentic and fresh. It's always great to see your meat sliced in front of you. Hot pastrami on rye took me right back to my childhood in Manhattan. My only complaint is that I wish they served fountain drinks.  Otherwise this is a wonderfully homey and unique experience." The best home made sausage in town. Great Kielbasa and other cold-cuts and sausages. Tip the girl people don't be rude" "My DH loves this place. Smoked Meats are really good and authentic. Friendly staff and lots of interesting jars from Europe- beets I can't even think of another sandwich shop that is close to as good. High quality meats and breads and the place always smells so good. The sandwich prices are great value for money. Wow cute little place. First time today. It's a mom and daughter who own this place. The meat is made there fresh. It smells amazing the minute you walk in and the sandwiches taste amazing. Really glad I got to try. Definitely recommend. "I want to merry the girl who made my sandwich! Best sandwich Iv had in a very long time  helpful smiling faces in there every time I go in. The line can get long sometimes but that is only because the owners take as much time as needed with each customer to make sure they have exactly what they need."  try it if you ever get a chance. What do you have to loss. I want to go there route now just thinking about it." "Great sandwiches at a great price. A whole sandwich is actually 2 sandwiches for about $7.50. The meat was awesome Definitely worth stopping in."  this place wasn't as good as everyone was hyping it. The first thing I noticed was that it was really warm inside when I walked in. It wasn't horrible but I won't be back." Amazing sandwich but if you like smaller portions just get a half. Great meat and service Amazing yummy sandwiches... In my opinion best in town! Tiny little deli with huge delicious smells and tastes! Awesome customer service! Bring cash! They don't accept debit or credit! I just finished a sandwich and am already craving another one!!! They also make very good sandwiches." Not that day.  I cant say how gruff and nasty they were.  All I can say is good luck with the business.  Lets say 2 sandwiches an assortment of cut meats and some cheese....an easy $50.00 sale that they could of had if a little niceness was extended."  and the ladies that run the counter are professional & friendly. I'm a big fan of the smoked bacon and head cheese.  It is definitely european if you know what that is.  Someone who calls these nice ladies snotty must really have issues. That's just my opinion.  Maybe you came on an off day.  What's wrong with paying cash?  Just come prepared.  I do."  if I am in the area I will be back to eat here and remember to specifically say ""HALF!"""  this is not a fancy place.  It is a place for people that appreciate Eastern European food.  The Spicy Capicola (sp?) sandwich is awesome.  Yes they take 3 forms of payment This is a legitimate Polish meat counter that will also make you a sandwich.  There are four chairs and no soda machine.  The folks behind the counter are friendly and the Italian sandwich was enough for two.  It was literally two sandwiches.  Each more delicious than the other.  Come get your coldcuts on!" This is supporting the area economy in a good way.  Good for your belly and good for business."  It's amazing! Food is fantastic and the  person behind the counter is awesome!! So friendly. Overall great place.!" https://youtu.be/pcMs3wRpgRs"  and genial staff.  It's well worth juggling your schedule a bit to get here while it's open." "Best pastrami sandwich i have had in years. And the worst part is i cant seem to read a sign to save my life. So when i hand her a credit card and she smiles and says we dont take cards i am sorry. What she says next will blow your mind..."" Dont worry about it  immediately got upset. Place is so small and has no selection. They didn't even have bread for sale! I will admit the kielbasa was decent 