 helpful and very knowledgeable" "Sweet Jesus!  Checker pool and pump rocks.  Exactly the kind of place my  (ex) pool boy hoped I'd never find.  Good prices (free advice) and friendly "Knowledgeable staff and an honest business.  They checked out my pool pump and suggested I just replace the seals.  Shasta wanted me to buy a whole new pump.  An inexpensive overhaul and some great pool advice and my pool's working again.  Thanks "My pool lady didnt seem to know what she was doing and let our pool turn DARK green. I came here This particular technician was so horrible I am afraid to call this company ever again. He was rude to me and to my husband and"  I was told by an annoyed sounding employee that ""it's a year.""  I asked whether there was any way it might be extended under the circumstances  it just need to be cleaned. They charged me 20.00 to clean it. When I put it in the pool it still had the same problem. I took it to Leslie Pool Supply they took it a part while I was there replaced a couple parts put it back together and didn't charge me "I go to Check for all my pool needs. The reviewers that don't like their level of customer service are cry babies! Checker is a bunch of ""dudes"" that probably don't care if you want good customer service lol. So what if they eat their lunch at the counter  and issues that you might be having with your pool.  They are friendly and helpful and have saved me a lot of money and hassle.  I had a pool that was green and disgusting and wouldn't clear up.  Shasta and Paddock kept insisting that more chlorine was the only cure and that other products wouldn't work  the pump I purchased is broken. My regular pool guy (who was out of town in August of 2011 when I wrote the 1st review) took the pump apart and found out that it was never grounded.  Buyer BEWARE!! I am not the only person this happened to. No apologies. No warranty. Nothing." Bill and Mike were pleasant to deal with and the price for the part was just as quoted over the phone." "About a month ago I had Checker replace the sand in my sand filter.  Immediately when he turned on the pump there were bubbles coming out of the return.  I said ""why are there bubbles coming out of the return.  I've never had bubbles coming out of the return?""  Mike just basically blew me off.   Bled it to get the air out and still have bubbles.  Had their tech guy out and he was just plain rude.  I told him to humor me and check the O ring on the filter lid because I never had bubbles coming of the return and the only thing that has changed is they changed the sand.  The guy didn't want to do it and didn't do it and preceded to tell me how he gets paid.  Bottom line What my guy who helped said after I thanked him for helping me was this: ""Fair prices for fair people"". That pretty much sums it up on it's own." "Mike did a fantastic job of helping me find everything I needed to care for my newly remodeled pebble tech pool. He was courteous and I enjoyed working with him. He guided me and best buys in the store xsyIKrKNsmcOMsBipNlO5A  but will make the trip to Leslie (and likely spend more money) just so I don't have to deal with these guys again. No point in giving my money to people who definitely don't appreciate it."  they gave good advice as to when it was time to drain vs continuing to dump chemicals. They also gave some magical chemicals (aka party is tomorrow!)." This place rocks.  I went in on a Sunday to drop off my dead pool pump expecting to leave it and come back later in the week to pick it up.  20 minutes later I was leaving with a working pump. I will be back for all my needs in the future! "Excellent service. I walked in at 9 am with a pool pump that was inconsistent and they had me out the door ten minutes later with a repaired pump and bill under $15! Talk about a great way to start the day Before coming hear I was convinced I was going to fork out $120 bucks a month to get my pool serviced and maintained but after working with the great team at Check Pools I am seriously going to try the instructions they provided and even though the commute is longer to see them  and take great pride in truly helping you....not just selling supplies and products.  They take the time to explain things  and cheaper than Leslie's down the street. I'm going to go here whenever I can." All I can say is these guys are great and everybody that goes there knows it. That says it all. They know their business and the prices and helpfulness is priceless!! Thank you.  I have no interest in going back.  Once you mistreat my wife If you need pool products at a reduced cost (they periodically send me coupons)  which turned murky with dirt.  To make matters worse my (old) Kreepy Krauly died on me at the same time.   This store not only had the parts it needed  defending all of his employees unprofessional behavior but Yelp only allows so much space. Feel free to check out the full review on the Better Business Bureau of AZ website. But the bottom line is these guys are liars and can't complete basic pool service. There are plenty of pool companies who actually want your business and will do a great job  we bought this pool and I still have no clue how to service it properly. The R&R guys are responsive and will talk you though everything by phone. Russ and Andy know what they're doing. As with any company though  or integrity...  not a handshake nor my business meant a thing to this company.  I strongly suggest you steer clear and find a company that cares about the health of their customer's pool and their own business." Awesome customer service-quick-prompt and friendly! I called Scott to see if he could inspect a pool on a property that I was purchasing. He came out the next day and did a thorough pool inspection for me. He provided me with a detailed list of things that may need a repair and highlighted the ones of significance. I'll definitely be keeping him in mind as we move in! We've been using R&R Everclear for about 6 months now. It is so nice to not have to lift a finger taking care of the pool!  referrals and thousands of dollars. I wish him all the best of luck. It is with heavy heart I have to leave this sort of review. I really don't like to leave this but because I was treated so poorly I really felt the need to provide a level of accountability for his actions."  in product or services he's been helpful steering us in the right direction when it comes to pools. If you want someone who is honest  they were handled effectively and in a friendly manner.  I would definitely recommend them and have to a friend."  this was due to access problems the last time they were there. I had tenants who I had just evicted and of course the access issue was a one time thing. Don't waste your time with these guys." We met Russ and Scott during our pool inspection. Great guys! Honest and trustworthy. They do our monthly pool service. Nick is a super nice guy. Amy in the office is friendly and prompt. We will be using R & R to restore our pool.  Inc twice since we have used them. Our remodel went smoothly and they gave us just what we asked for."  helpful and kind to a couple of first time pool owners! Prices are reasonable and service cannot be beaten!!" """I would not hesitate to recommend r&r everclear to my family and friends. It's nice to finally find a company that combines old school business ethics with modern technology. I had Scott out to my home and he was amazing! """  colors and recommendations. I had my pool completely re-surfaced and tiled. It was completed ahead of schedule and very reasonably priced. They now service my pool. Great work!!" "This company is really good about helping you to use your warranties to the full extent.  We had them come out to fix a pump that was just out of warranty  knowledgable and just nice guys.  I used R&R to install a  Pentair wifi system on my pool and they have always been willing to help me when questions arise.  I would highly recommend them for any pool related needs.  They are pros." THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU!" I do not trust this company and will cancel service with them this week. I can not recommend them." I have used Bestway for 5 years and the service has been great. Bob is on the job like clockwork and the pool always looks great. It went cloudy once after a big storm and he came right out to check it - no extra charge. Prices are very reasonable too. Would highly recommend this company! "Being a new pool owner I was frustrated with a green cloudy pool.  Bob was the only person who came out on a Saturday on Memorial Day Weekend when I was desperate to get my pool clear.  He spent time educating me on my pool system and I never felt like he was pushing to sell any services.  If you are a DIY'er and need help "Bestway Pool service has literally been the best way for me to go for my pool service! Friendly 