 though very few will ever make it into the back room.  It's essentially a dead zone.  There's a fancy back bar that remains closed so that two bartenders can roost on top of each other like Master Blaster in Beyond Thunderdome and watch TV.  This kind of forces patrons to hover near the front.  So  slightly dingy neighborhood bar that is great for relaxing after work." Verdict: if you want a quick drink (and I mean ""drink  that any place that offers popcorn for $.25 is alright by me (better than having it sitting on the bar and you have no idea who has put their hands in there)."  but so what? It's got cheap beer and is an ok spot for a quiet pint. The front bar feels a bit grotty but the back is big and it's fine to hang out in. Nothing special but not terrible either."  this is your place. You will not receive angry stars from the regulars as you walk in and the bartenders are friendly.It's quite smoky though so be prepared to come out wreaking of nicotine." I think this kind of bar would be fun for a group so you could take advantage of the shuffle board and stuff like that."  etc.  She cannot get to this area and has a ramp that she would give to the owners so she can access this area.  They refuse to put in the ramp.  I thought all public businesses had to comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act as long as it does not create an undue hardship.  Tell me Saw Tim Cauley there one time. We played billiards and darts together then we picked a song out on the jukebox. It was fun "It's a typical dark and smokey dive bar. I don't say this in a negative way. It is what it is. Drinks are reasonably priced. There's a jukebox and darts. Fun crowd  friendly staff and nice patrons. Everyone seems to know each other but they aren't rude to newcomers. It's within walking distance from my house so I'll definitely be coming back!"  or other large gatherings - they do events as well.  The sandwiches and burgers are very heavy and caloric.  Beer and wine selection are not huge."  darts and of course very big TV's. If you can't make it to a football game or want to watch the Illini basketball team win this is the place to go. The food is pretty good too!"  or perfect ambiance for quiet conversation and an American meal. Tons of food for the money. The parking lot is riddled with deep pot holes  and usually pretty good servers.  Lots of eye candy abounds.  My usual place to watch sports.  Former Coke bottling plant building in town  as they have CLOSED due to the emergence of downtown Champaign as the nightspot of choice (to paraphrase the News-Gazette article that announced the closure)."  the Black Crowes...keep going.  Good hamburgers and cheddar broccoli.  Also a great black bean burger.  Excellent place to grab lunch.  Reminds me of Southport Avenue in Chicago."  you heard me. There should be a reason these were so cheap (I guess around $7)  and the peeps are chill as hell--and most likely you're not gonna run into many undergrads ;)"  then they expanded it and all types hang out there. Just your basic  I would definitely recommend this place.  The only problem with sitting outside is that you do not get to throw your peanut shells on the floor- you have to bring a bowl outside for the shells... ah well...  On those cold winter nights I can throw my shells on the floor inside."  the TV sound may be off and the jukebox may be playing an eclectic mix that span the genres reflective of the patron demographics. Other entertainment options "Esquire rocks. The place is dirt cheap and the food is simple and good. 1.50 pints of old style and 3 dollar grilled cheese sandwiches make this place my cheap go to in Champaign. They also have free peanuts which are good when you are too cheap to buy the cheap food  and our waiter chimed in that he thought Bentley's had it-- and actually CALLED over there to make sure! It was a wonderful experience."  and that happens with any bar in downtown on the weekend." The feel of the bar makes it acceptable for both 21 year olds and 60 year olds.  You never feel too young or too old here  what an experience. I will NEVER go there again! TERRIBLE SERVICE! SO SO FOOD! NOT WORTH IT ONE BIT!"  my favorite bar in Champaign (if not anywhere)!" "Esquire pretty much kicks ass. I first discovered it while I was working for the city across the street and would come over for lunch quite a bit to get a steak sandwich while I was in the process of packing on the pounds.  I've since lost weight and now I eat the black bean veggie burger (absolutely delicious).  Esquire has grown and changed (a bit) over the years to accomodate the changes in downtown Champaign "The staff is extremely friendly and attentive. The food is cheap and is great I wouldn't necessary come here if you're looking to get all dressed to impress on a weekend night  I am giving a 5 star rating. The cheap food and beer is an added bonus. And I almost forgot  I got to work on honing my pool-skills (or lack thereof =P)." the only reason i am not giving this place 5 stars is because i haven't tried the food. once i do  and I'm still kicking myself for only checking this place out now. Plus free peanuts! I LOVE FREE PEANUTS. Now  Esquire is a down-to-earth place with good prices and good food." Good spot to get your grown-folks drink on.  Did I mention the most reasonable drink prices around?  Three pints of PBR under 5 bucks for the win!"  nice atmosphere with a wide range of customers. Will come again."  and definitely not traditional bar food. That said  and there is a wide selection of drinks available."  but the fact is that this place is not stand-out awesome in any particular way. If you want to take your friends from Chicago to visit 4 places in downtown Champaign that are all different from each other  most endearing things about this bar is its all-around friendliness. I often go here by myself in the evening with whatever book I'm currently reading  great for a late night snack or late meal."  the only reason this one hasn't gone out of business has to be the location." I only went there once but I really liked it.  I have never been to a place where it felt so comfortable.  I got a burger which was pretty good and reasonably priced.  They have free peanuts and the atmosphere is great.  I sat outside and it was just a really comfortable place to be.  Everyone there was friendly and just relaxing.  Service and atmosphere is the best part of the place.  and $4.75 pitchers of PBR? ... Can't go wrong here!" pPWre8lbVAssER6CN0uWMw  but it's a pretty fun place to go to for a hang out with friends." Delicious pineapple margarita and burgers. Can't go wrong! UPDATE: The jukebox is now gone. I am not happy."  Friendly Servers and a welcoming atmosphere." Surprisingly good bar food. Good sandwiches and bag of chips. Cheap beer. "We were looking for a place to eat and grab a beer with little kids after a long drive. We were also looking for something with a ""college"" feel considering its a college town and we are about 10 years out of college. Nostalgia gets me every time. This place had a much older crowd (on a Monday)...think 45 year old regulars  uninviting service.  The crowd in this place is 40+ and unless you fall into this category  which is understandable because the food is amazing. I tried the steak garden salad and the meat was cooked to perfection. Most restaurants serve bland salads or poor cuts of red meat  and I LOVE wings. These things had enough salt to turn Lake Michigan into a salt lake. They were awful.  I would not go back at all. I'll eat diner food  PBR and Mediterranean pizza from the Esquire anytime!  Best bar in town!"  great considering the fact that they're putting up with a lot of drunken shenanigans. Also  a staff member came and started screaming bloody murder at us. I was stunned and asked my friends what was going on. From how she was acting you would've thought someone had gotten killed. Turns out my friend forgot to pay for pool. She was out her damn mind yelling at us like she was crazy! The way this woman acted was completely rude and unprofessional. There are numerous ways she could've dealt with this situation and the way she chose was completely and utterly unacceptable. Honestly don't know how this place is still in business. Wish I could give this place 0 stars. Yeah The servers were nice but the atmosphere was too load. I wont be back here but that mostly has to do with the lack of food options."  great prices- nice relaxed atmosphere.  Esquire is definitely a place to be visited when in Champaign!" "Just got back from a great party at Esquire. The food was fantastic!  Their fried chicken is out of this world and they also had really good Greek salad and potato salad. They have a good bar selection too...I had good German beer. It's just a friendly The food and the men's bathroom share some compelling similarities- they are both occasionally necessary  but at Esquire it's the whole package that keeps me coming back. That and those peanuts. For real."  not perfect.  Though the goods far out way the bad.  An institution in the downtown Champaign area Love this place. I eat here at least 4 times a week. It has it's own charm and staff are all friendly once you get to know them. pPWre8lbVAssER6CN0uWMw This place seems to be a staple of downtown champaign." Mostly great venue.  Beer selection is good.  Easy to get to.  Food is ok.  Salmon is awesome.   Just a few times there was an issue with either too much noise from the TV or jukebox so I couldn't hear the person next to me. But the bathrooms...avoid the bathrooms."  there is a nice energy throughout. Staff is great and service is prompt and friendly. The News Gazette has an Illini-based sports talk radio show there on mondays that is always a good time." "Atmosphere is fun and a great place to come out and shoot pool with friends but I can't stand coming here for lunch. I don't know why I bothered trying a second time. So my main complaint about the lunch dining experience is sanitation. I ordered the burger the first time and a hot dog the second. I guess some people don't mind having a communal condiments station but I have a problem with this. The fresh produce like pickles Great prices on drinks and food. The thin crust pizza is delicious. Good selection of draft beers.  they have PBR pints for a dollar on Sunday." My favorite bar. Great mix of people combined with the best thin crust pizza around (love the garden pizza) and topped off with a Crooked Tree on tap. I've never left disappointed! Two thumbs up for Esquire! Will definitely be back next time I'm visiting Champaign" "Their pizzas are pretty good -- thin crust. Get the BBQ chicken. The food isn't amazing but it's pretty good for a lounge/bar. I've tried their sandwich as well with pulled pork. This was very tasty! Had it during lunch time when it's not too busy. Apparently they have a buffet lunch or something. Cool "Came on a Friday night and it was really packed. Our waitress was really busy and it took her about 20 minutes to ask us what we wanted. The seating area is kind of cramped; chairs were often back-to-back. Their pizza is good  this is our go to. The menu is surprisingly diverse and high quality for the prices and you can't beat the free peanuts. Their drink specials are pretty great and they have a pretty impressive selection of beer. I wouldn't make a special trip for it but if you want a cheap place to meet up with friends or find yourself hungry in downtown champaign  talk to them even when you r so busy & suggest items. Let's you drink a little before. killing u with ordering ..at the bar!!!!. She is awesome!! And will be on our 40% tip group. We may be in our 50's but we're in bar biz & know what one should expect. We spend money  that's not a big deal. I guess I'm just not used to this feel. I personally think their drink menu is shot. The positive: this is the only place I've found near campus that serves chicken tenders! Kudos."  (as I do) they allow smoking out on the patio which is always fun on a warm summer night. The people that sit out on the patio are always so friendly and the staff is quite attentive to your needs as well. This place is situated right in downtown Champaign which is such a nice place to be Great alcohol. However I was with a group of 3 and we ordered multiple drinks because we are all semi alcoholics and they told us we could only have one drink each. You all have lint butt.  and has lost the knowledge that the customer comes first." They have a surprisingly good beer selection and infuse their own liquors.  Seriously a must-try in Chambana." So me and my husband go here all the time and we gambell if we got it..seldom drink more less eat and run..most the time my husband orders same pizza everytime depending on who takes his order if it comes out right and i flip flop between pizza a hamburgers with fried broccoli..i most the time i have a great experience when everything pans out...  but they serve good bar food in a quiet little restaurant. The super relaxed environment is definitely part of the appeal for me. My wife and I were able to go out for a cheapish  nice crowd mixed between the locals and the (typically grad) students.  Super convenient location near the terminal."  and a nice atmosphere. Service was super fast. Salad was surprisingly fresh (and only $3.50!). Pizza was great. Throwing peanuts on the ground was fun. Overall I wanted Pizza - I wanted Good Pizza - Lady Di posted a picture of her lunch on facebbok - and the picture was PIZZA from Esquire Lounge! It looked DMN Good! So on Saturday I ordered one --- Sausage Cheese and Mushrooms..  I have traveled from Coast to Coast - my dad loved tasking me to a place in chicago and spending upwards of 80.00 on what is known as Chicago's Famous Pizza ... Can't touch Esquire Lounge Pizza --- Too Bad I don't drink... So (5) Star!   When I walked in the female bar attendant ingnored me TOTALY - Then a kind gentleman from the back came over drying his hands - all smiles and was California Kind! Sorry I did't tip him... But the female waitress had me SHOCKED! This is 2015 -  THIS PLACE WILL SEE ME AS OFTEN AS I WANT A SNACK! LOL! HAPPY !  and they handle the crew very nicely.  Crooked Tree is always on tap! Why not five stars?  Cause the food isn't free? not sure." We visited due to the outstanding Yelp reviews  you have to come here. They have a tomato bisque soup that is incredible! Definitely a most go to place"  they also make really good flatbread pizzas. There is always seating because this place is huge including an outdoor patio area. Service is always great and I have honestly never gotten a drink that I disliked. Just for that  especially when it's not busy. The food is typical casual American fare Why not 5 stars? Every time I go the service is horrendous. Absolutely terrible. Not because the server is inherently bad at what he/she does but the place is understaffed and our server was most likely a bit overwhelmed." 6U94ybDpNd0fTL7TIzb5Kg I can't wait to go home again now that C-U is smoke-free. I will be able to enjoy this place at times other than 2 PM when there are actually other humans there."  all at good prices.  You can't go wrong with Jupiter's if you're in a pool or pizza kinda mood." "Excellent pizza (full disclosure: I was a cook here) and decent beer selection. The pool tables make it difficult to socialize at time Thank goodness the Blind Pig had no room for us and we were able to make a stop at Jupiters. This is a great stop towards the end of the night. Still one of the best pizza places in town. Great place to play pool. And drinks are quickly refreshed since it doesn't get as crowded as some of the other places.  nothing aproaching green street bars though.  Nice segueway bar on the transition from ""college"" bar patrion to normal bar patrion.  Sadly many don't make this transition."  nice beer selection.  Perfect for watching sports and playing pub games."  thin crust.  Best Pizza in town IMHO (not a big Papa Dels fan). Beer selection is so-so."  especially at their new location! More seating! You still can't get in on weekend nights -- but that means they'll be around for a while!"  especially being a block out of the way from the other downtown restaurants... I am still a fan."  though I have no idea why.  I wish we had a Jupiters or equivalent in California. My favorite is their sausage "Great F-ing pizza.  That's it  I will sing your praises on the harp  and the smoked salmon pizza just sounds too interesting to pass up!"  but back in college I used to show much love to the BBQ chicken as well. Tuesday nights - half price large pizzas! Everything here seems cheap compared to my current location of NYC 6U94ybDpNd0fTL7TIzb5Kg I've been here only once as of yet and I loved it!  I love their pizza menu.  The combinations are interesting (or you can make your own) and the crust is very good.  I had a mustard base sauce pizza that was awesome!  I loved it.  Nowhere else could I go for this pizza.  We had three pizzas at the table and I enjoyed all of them very much.  I think the environment is a lot of fun also.  The price is fair.  It's 6.99 for a personal pizza which a good size!  I'm looking forward to coming back!  Friday and Saturday can be very slow for service. Also  and sometimes it is just nice to get away from campus restaurants and bars! I would definitely make a trip to Jupiters the next time I'm in 'paign." They also have drink specials just about every night. It's a fun bar for playing some pool "I like this place. The pizza is good enough; if you're one of those people who loves adventurous toppings on pizzas  fun atmosphere. It's definitely one of my favorite places to go in downtown champaign. I recommend every U of I student to check this place out with friends there before graduation ."  fantastic pizza and reasonable drinks."  the servers are great and the atmosphere is nice  and the pizza is similar to Monical's thin crust pizza if you're curious what to expect.  There's a BIG arcade room with pool tables and video games  it doesn't really do anything for me To this day it is the only bar my friends have ever been kicked out of for being too loud. It was a Saturday night and we were kicked out of a bar for being too loud." "Great pizza and friendly service.  The place is plenty big  thin crust that paper thin with a crisp bite to it. 10 larges on Fridays. Pool tables are in good shape which is nice for a bar. Don't really have to wait to long to get a pool table"  not to mention the games. 6+ professional pool tables and pinball arcade style games as well! All I can tell ya is whenever I'm in town I will stop to catch a ball game or eat some awesome food and drinks!!! 5 stars!" Came in here after a ball game to relax and watch some really good pool players. Man was I surprised by the excellent food and great service! Bartenders are super friendly and serve up awesome drinks at great prices! Love the pizza cant wait to try the sandwiches...will definitely return! Pizza is served California Pizza Kitchen-style. Some people play pool during lunch. Don't play pool unless you're at Brother's. pizzas are solid. hawaiian is my go to. a normal person could easily down two of these bad boys Just your average sports bar. My girlfriend enjoyed the thin crust pizza so that was good enough for me. Pretty large venue with plenty of seating. Friendly service. Very college-like.  they have great service and they do a fantastic thin crust pizza.  My personal faves lie in a dead heat between their ""margherita"" and ""fajita"" pizza.  Though this isn't the only place to offer these selections  beyond decent drink specials The decor is nice and makes for a nice ambiance. Good beer selection and pizza. Pool tables are some of the best in town. Overall great local place to go.  thin crust that is awesome.  The specialty pizzas like Pizza Pesto is great.  Can't go wrong making your own as well.  They come in personal The service is always a little hit and miss--it'd be nice if the wait staff knew the beers better and had a better sense of timing (waiting for the check seems normal). But staff are usually friendly. For a place to get a chill dinner downtown Good pizza.  It's thing crust with nice crunch.  Normally I'm not a thin crust fan but this was surprisingly good.  The place had a bunch of pool tables which were cool but it limits seating.  Luckily we got seats at the bar.  the waitress asked if we wanted anything else. We said no and assumed she would bring us the check. But didn't and we sat there for like 10 more minutes. Had to grab her attention and then ask for the check. We weren't drinking or anything so I'm not sure why she thought we would want to just hang out. Minor inconvenience though so it's whatever."  comfy atmosphere! Prices arent bad! Good service!! Convenient location! I like to make my own pizza... Cream sauce  and this pizza is thin! Fun place with friends" We'd go back but mostly due to the lack of quality pizza places in town."  most hostile waitresses I've ever interacted with. Just awful. I'll never go back." Amazing thin crust pizza!  We moved to CA and cannot find anything even close!  Good salty meats and delicious sauce! worth the half off tues. guys... real cheese in those shakers. nuff said.  but clearly they focus on beer and drinks as much as pizza.  and they had some nice christmas stuff up so it didn't feel like a creepy bar.  i will definitely go back and take other people who have never heard of it before!    definitely on my list to recommend to others."  and the beer selection is kind of lame (all the domestic Big Three bottles you can drink!) "2 things I love. Good pizza and billiards. And this place has both. Jupiter's is a great place if you want to unwind from a busy week or simply...you need something to get your mind off an exam. Overall "I would have given Jupiter's 4 or 5 stars for the pizza. But they probably have the rudest waitress in Champaign. The other Jupiters location is much better as a restaurant. If you want a drink or play pool Pizza is soso and pricy."  I guess a lot of people like crunchy pizza I'd go back if I were looking for a late night bite "I bought and paid for one beer. I get home and they had charged me 25 dollars. I called them and they told me it was standard to open a tab and the difference would be reimbursed. Would have been nice to know BEFORE they did it. Epic fail on their part If you're judging in terms of flavor and thin crust crisp "A very consistant pool bar with great pizza. My family loved the atmosphere  BUT the crust was terrible. Someone from Brooklyn a few reviews down has it spot on--tasted like a cracker. This not thin crust pizza. Any random pizzeria in NYC would have had infinitely better thin crust than what these pizzas had. This was cardboard crust pizza. I know this ain't exactly NYC  good beer. Will be back again soon for sure! I recommend the prosciutto di parma pizza and the BBQ chicken pizza. Yummyyyy" My only complaint about this place is the speed of service. I've been one time when the waiter forgot to put one of our pizzas in "The service was just okay; our server wasn't the most attentive. The pizza was good  with every single sports event you can think of. The pool rates are inexpensive at only $6 per hour. The only sketchy issue I had was that there was a back entrance which led into a room where horse race betting is going on This place is a nice and just the downtown place where you want to spend a weekday evening for a drink and some nice pizza. The atmosphere is generally good. They have the best pizza! They are the thinnest crispy pizza. We go to Tuesday's half off pizza day. "This is my favorite thin crust pizza in the area. I've brought numerous friends and family to Jupiter's and everyone seems to love it. The place is almost always empty so the service is pretty quick. Even after an early football game Great variety of pizza.  Great beers on table.  Pool tables everywhere and readily available.  What's not to love?  or extremely poor.  It's just a run of the mill bar in downtown Champaign (though  is when they don't care what price they put on the menu and the servers will throw some extra on there because they're careless. Just not cool. Bombay Grill did this but their food is actually good enough that  what they call pizza is so thin it might as well be flatbread. Yet if you want super  a good offering for a thin-crust style. My favorites are the Preferito and BBQ chicken. I find them to be a tad overpriced  but decided to give them a call anyway to check if they can find the receipt. And guess what? They said yes - it will take some time to pull up but we can definitely help you. Half an hour later they sent out the information and I was able to submit the receipt. Thank you so much for such an awesome service and good food!"  and just great times with so many great people. This is one of those highly subjective reviews where I can't quite give a rational justification of why this place gets 5 stars and not just 4...there's just a feel to this place that makes it such a breeze to have department shindigs  very dark.  Hard to get service. Ordered a house salad w/ no cucumbers & no croutons.  Salad came w/ a mountain of cheese.  Menu did not say anything about cheese.  Salad #2 came out with no onions.  I specifically asked for onions.  Trying to flag down my server was difficult. I told her to take it off my bill.  Pizza came  a great place and great service!" It's a perfect place to go when you don't feel like getting dressed up or impressing anyone. It's not like going to TT Roadhouse where it's packed and everyone looks at a non-regular like they are an alien. It's also not like going to Jugheads where it can be dark and scary if you're not a regular. Breakroom is the kind of place where it's just really easy to walk in as a non-regular and belly up to the bar and order a pint. Don't let the crackwhores and pimps scare you off. And don't let the fact that it's a bit of a dump turn you off... or do." Only thing unique and vastly different about the Breakroom is that their patrons are bonafide true-blue people probably dealin' with real-life issues - not broken nails  at 5:30 PM.  There were lots of blue collar workers just getting off work and relaxing.  Everyone seemed to just be enjoying their Friday night.  Some other reviewers said they didn't exactly feel safe I probably won't go back for karaoke unless Max (bevy of beauties in tow) and/or my Mafioso cousins from the Bay Area are with me."  but its at 48th Street and McDowell and its a Dive Bar. As far as dive bars go... it is definitely a 4 in  my books."  but it has always been a good time and is consistently our fall back should karaoke somewhere else suck or be canceled. 4 stars."  so I'm not sure what other reviewers were expecting. A towel valet perhaps? The toilets flushed and there was hand soap and towels so I consider myself lucky."  & 2 gay guys I was the only other white person there. It doesn't even matter though. The vibe is crazy drunk happy. The women are large & in charge! They all sing along to the karaoke songs they know. No  and I will bump it up to 5 stars if it happens...... SHUFFLE BOARD!!! Bring in a shuffle board and all will be well!" "Thats right 5... One of the best dive bars I have ever been to... Food is awesome and  CHEAP!!! Free pool during most days  a good one i think not. Im a strong believer that if you dont feel comfortable then trust your gut. And thankfully mine was talking to me. I will give it credit as being more of a melting pot than i thought it would be. One night I went and from what a friend that stayed told me there was a gun pulled about thirty minutes after I left. That only backed up my initial thoughts because when I pulled up I was actually a little hesitant to get out the car because of all the activity in the parking lot paired with the stares and glares. Inside though I agree that I was impressed with the wide karaoke spectrum and talent also. The guys shooting pool were no joke either!!! Service wise my only gripe was that the bartender tried to make my drink so strong it wasnt what i ordered anymore. I appreciated the gesture and tipped accordingly but politely asked for another with less of the previous gesture lol. I didnt try the food but if i ever go back i surely will." $1 PBR on Sundays! And other really great specials throughout the week. *** and they even have hooks under the bar for your purse*** totally won me over with that... such a necessity but such a hard thing to find in dives." Nice crowd never been when it was packed....its  johnny's eastside now  I don't know why I haven't made my quesadillas this way (topped with mushrooms must read!  4-stars for sure "My coworkers and I were in town from Buffalo for a work conference and were at work events all week. We were celebrating my 21st birthday and in search of a fun Karaoke bar and we found The Breakroom!  The staff If you want to just relax and post up to a bar Friendliest place in town....I've never seen a cook come out of the kitchen and ask if you would like anything and be so polite and fix you whatever. What a proactive place! Service is great. Everyone is so friendly and always checking up on you. For sure a place you would want to check out. Service was great...The staff was very friendly. I came here to grab a bite to eat with some friends and shoot some pool and we had a great time!!! We just happened to show up on taco Tuesday and the carne Asada tacos were great!!!...I will definitely be back Love this place!!! Reminds me of my favorite dive bars back home! Food is excellent too. "Great dive bar! Polite bartenders and some interesting drink specials. The food is phenomenal and portions are extremely generous. Only dive bar in Phoenix serving Pinot Grigio :-) Drinks and food are reasonably priced. Four well-kept pool tables "Great vibe and good times! Was here on a Tuesday of all nights. Karaoke and pool. Great group fun or if you single and ready to mingle. Gotta eat the chicken wings  the food is delicious and very reasonably priced! Don't miss their wings and reuben. Great place to watch football - plenty of TVs W41CEzdKJe8wdDB-Rd6KJQ  good stuff here. definitely not for people who are used to quiet bars though" Had a awesome time. Adrian was a very sweet bartender and we had no problems with redeeming our coupon. The cook was great and the vibe was good. Even got to know a few people. Everyone was friendly. Only one bad thing we had so much fun I am paying the price today. Lol We will definitely be back. "Not only do I love this place the ""7days in a crack house"" made by Krystal is the sh*t. The wings is the truth to. Everything you order is amazing." "Best pool hall in town... The service was exceptional!! Krystal is the best bartender EVER!!! I will definitely come back to this bar! Oh and btw Nice pool Hall with exceptional service. They were having karaoke which was quite entertaining. Played a few rounds of pool with some old friends and had some reasonably priced drinks. When I make my way back to Phoenix I will definitely stop in here again everyone was very friendly the bar staff was awesome!! The food was great but it was very frustrating that the drinks and kitchen are separate. It does not make sense that we could not pay for everything on one tab. The business needs to figure out that one of the companies pays out the other...etc.  cheap games but I wouldn't recommend eating here. Roach dying on floor. The bartender saw them but didn't say anything. (You should of seen her eyes) It's a dive bar so it is what it is. I still go here but don't recommend ordering food. And at least it was dying right?" Business owner reached out and was extremely apologetic/will fix the issue. 5 stars for good service The bar service is good. What sets this place apart from other bars is the kitchen. Junior hooks it up! The wings are amazing and everything else from the kitchen is amazing. I have never had a dish at this place that wasn't very good.  so were in search of a great local bar. This place is awesome. Casual A little bit of a dive bar but I come here primarily to shoot pool. A little rough around the edges but supporters of O-sports (Ohio State and Oregon) hang out here so it feels like home in some ways. "Possibly the best bar I have been to in Phoenix. If you're looking for a chill hole in the wall place with friendly staff P.S. They have a touch tunes jukebox you can control from your barstool. BAM!" "Meghan and Jason are the best things that could've happened to The Breakroom!  Jason can cook like no one else. No matter what you order it will come out legit  it was early they had just opened. Jason asked if we were ready for breakfast and we ordered the #2 breakfast. 10 min. later he put 2 giant platters in front of us. WOW what a meal  This is the second time I've been to this bar while on business trip. Service is always amazing and although we rent a place in Scottsdale we will always come here. Krystal is a great bartender and never left us hanging. If your in AZ come for a drink and great food! Great place for a burger and beer. Friendly staff and fun atmosphere pool tables and regular people having a good time not pretentious in any way.  sweet bartender with a fantastic sense of humor! My first time here with my out of town friend. She has been so hospitable and friendly. Kitchen was closed when we were thinking of ordering but I cannot wait to try the wings!! They looked and smelled SO good!! I am so glad we came here. I will definitely be back and will share this welcoming bar with everyone I come across!!" "It's all about a good bartender!  Latoya will make you feel at home from the minute you walk in!  And they have a great cheeseburger too!  Highly recommend this place for a chill evening of dinner The bartender Mandy was top notch...the cocktails were expertly made & she was pleasant...not bad to look @ either! Plenty of tv's to watch the games...we had a nice time for a reasonable price. It's a friendly dive bar. Pool and darts and beer no extras. I have never eaten here. The bartender Krystal was great!  The cook even came out and talked to me.  The place made me feel like I was welcome and home.  The pool tournaments they have have on Monday  Wednesday and Friday are great!  I had a great Time! Stopped in here bc it was listed on the Crafty Bastards list but when I asked the bartender about it she had no idea. They do have a few local beers in bottles. Couple on draft but nothing to really applaud. 