This place only accepts cash although there's an atm nearby.  My mom had a fit because when they bill came they had rounded up with a difference of less than a dollar.  I would give this place 4.5 stars (10 20 13 Although the food stayed consistently good it's not quite the same now that hostess Monique is gone.)"  it's gone now and I haven't been to one of his places since until last night when a friend suggested we try this little oasis located on Spahr St.  This place is the opposite with respect to atmosphere than Baum Vivant.  It's in a converted garage with a few outdoor tables.  It's cash only and BYOB.  It's very informal and I got away with wearing tennis shoes and my ""Super Size My Foie Gras"" fruit of the loom t-shirt.  Don't need to get dressed up to enjoy amazing food.  The inside of the restaurant garage has a high ceilings and an eclectic mix of non-matching tables that I imagine were collected from Thrift stores.  The service was awesome  and the service was good.  And the food was good too.  But for the price  cooked to perfection!  Deserts by Becky are always excellent.  And who would have thought such excellent food would be served out of a redecorated garage?  (It's lovely in the summer when they open the garage door.) The ambiance can be described as funky and eclectic Great artsy atmosphere with friendly staff. Like previous reviewers have said  one server handles the floor.  Minus points for the lack of alcohol  but they said they had an ATM closeby."  it is mighty delicious.  I love the personal service.  I love the corn bread.  The starters are phenomenal One last thing - it is a Cash Only restaurant  you won't regret it." "Lamb burger was outright bad(tasted off and charred). We shared and together only ate half. The filet was decent but not $25 worth of decent. Waiter was kind and the ambience is romantic but at the end of the day the food just wasn't that good. There are lots of great byo's in the city and in my opinion "Great food! The meal starts off with their corn bread (not like the corn bread you get in the south)  or starve either would be a better option" We left a big tip. She obviously didn't mind. And it's places like this that make me miss home!" "I've been to Cafe Zinho at least 25 times and I am sure to go back again soon.  The dining room is a funky garage space that has been converted into an eclectic Europen bistro.  The food is very good and the atmosphere is relaxed and Bohemian.  The puff pastry appetizer is always a winner.  The chef   decent food - and love BYOB! Entrees weren't out of this world Call ahead because there can be a wait and the place is small and intimate and diners enjoy European style eating that is not rushed l_Wey2YC6NvVUIH8vTygGg This place was a hot mess with slightly cold food I am so glad I went to Cafe Zinho finally and would happily come back here again."  maybe with some Portuguese phrases in hand to banter with my adopted foreign mom waitress." Atmosphere and service was great. Appitizers were good. For dinner We ate the pork tenderloin and a ravioli of some sort.  Both tasted good with the pork tenderlion being the best.  was missing some of the food options of NY. Not any more. She had the lamb burger with feta cheese. I had the seafood stew and my wife had Chilean sea bass.  All fantastic! Thankfully we had just enough room for tres leches dessert. If anyone knows of a Portuguese restaurant this good in NYC ... or even in Newark Ironbound I'd love to hear about it.  We will definitely be back!" Cons:  Ambience (it originally was a gas station) and there is nothing fancy about the funky decor I might go back once more with a bottle of wine for appetizers only but for the price I will dine on entrees elsewhere." "Moved to Pittsburgh from Philly a year ago. Our standard for restaurants is ""if it were in Philly would be go back."" The answer for Cafe Zinho is YES.  One of the only excellent restaurants in the City (along with Salt and Dish). If you find the Big Burrito empire restaurants and their coy cats lackluster and are looking for something outstanding  but was not - to my hidden horror. I ate a bite - in front of my clients & colleagues - for good measure [and to hide my naievete] "My boyfriend and I have gone two years in a row for Valentine's Day to this quaint and intimate restaurant. The decor is beautiful and the epitome of cozy This is an excellent find... I will be back.  Soon."  he thought better of his outburst and removed the comments...along with mine.  He ultimately offered me and my wife the opportunity to return to the restaurant at his expense.  I thanked him for the offer l_Wey2YC6NvVUIH8vTygGg  and the staff members were all super kind and professional. Make sure you make a reservation  but no more $25 disappointing entrees for me."  and very invested in their food. The ambiance is very intimate: a small place with a seating capacity of no more than 35  a little bit disorganized but the taste of the food definitely compensates. Pricy Had a great dinner here. The Portuguese corn bread was delicious   The salmon with beet sauce was perfect. We enjoyed our dinner here- cozy and welcoming  atmosphere.  Don't forget dessert we had bread pudding and cookies and cream. We went on Valentines weekend so the price was higher than usual. Also like Byob although they charged 5 dollar corkage fee it is worth it to bring your own choice of wine. There is also fee for sharing plate but again worth it.   Will definitely go again.  the food was very good. The main entrees were quite pricey. You're likely to be spending at least $30 per person." To sum it all up: good food NOTE: Cash only.  They do have an ATM inside for your convenience. BYOB"  the food was great! We had chicken livers and octopus for appetizer. For main dishes Recently dined here for the first time and can say that I was pleased with all of the food choices we had made at this establishment. The cold prickly pear soup was certainly a good choice of appetizer. The service was acceptable and the staff very welcoming. The only downside to this place is the atmosphere. It can get extremely loud at times (especially when you are sitting next to a party of 12) and it becomes rather difficult to have any table conversation. "Had a wonderful experience with a large group of friends on a busy Labor Day weekend. We brought a few bottles of wine which we paired up with various apps and the dinner. Corkage was an extremely nominal fee which left room in the wallet for more delectable food. The service was smooth and very friendly. The atmosphere was inviting with a small European-style cafe restaurant vibe. Food was fresh and tasty according to all of my friends and was simply amazing from my perspective.  The sardines app and the Portuguese Mariscada seafood stew which I had shared were cooked perfectly and flavorful. Chef Owner Toni Pais's back story and his culinary skills are inspirational. He came out to eat afterwards and was very humble when he was given a round of applause. This is truly an underground spot worth finding when in the Burgh "What an absolutely delightful and special dining experience!  Our family of four went there for dinner this past Friday night.  Brought along  two  bottles of wine  and made thoughtful recommendations for each course.  I selected a roasted beet and goat cheese salad as a starter and crab cakes for my entre.  Neither disappointed. The salad was a tower of carefully combined goodness and the crab cakes were stuffed The food here is really amazing. We ordered stuffed cornbread and vegetable soup as appetizers. For entree we had roasted duck and pork loin. They both taste really Portugal with a hint of sweetness. The downside of this restaurant is that they ONLY accept cash.  and the insides were almost fully cooked). The duck breast which people raved about online were tough and the sauce was too sweet. The seafood stew lacked flavor. The lamb burger was also overcooked."  but never intrusive.  Loved the shabby chic decor and the oddly shaped dining room.  Must be lovely in the summer with doors open in this quiet corner of Shadyside.  We'll definitely return to find out!" I still feel like I'm not done with Cafe Zinho  but everything I tasted left me more satisfied than the previous bite. The smaller seating area allows for an intimate dinner whether you're coming as a couple or bringing the whole family. Bring your own bottle We will be back for sure"  the food and the service. Just is a little small and expensive. But if don't care about the price is very good recommedation. Especially their bread that is free. I love it!!" "Awesome BYOB Portuguese restaurant. Reservations are a must. Great service and atmosphere. Many times we have gone it has been for a selection of appetizers "My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Always wonderful  my 'foody family' gave this 'gem of a Portuguese Mediterranean restaurant' an ENTHUSIASTIC THUMBS UP!  And  a reservation is necessary and make sure to not show early. There is no space to wait unless you don't mind sitting outside. I typically wouldn't but as the weather begins to turn it becomes increasingly difficult to enjoy the outdoors. It seems that breakfast or brunch could be a smashing hit here but after my dinner  THEY ARE CASH AND PERSONAL CHECK ONLY.  I want to point that out as I am someone who usually has little cash on hand.  The ingredients were very fresh.  We had the pheasant tartine - I've never had tartine before - kind of like a pate - Cash only.  I don't carry that kind of cash around regularly and it's annoying to have to make a special trip to the ATM before dinner."  LOL. OMG this is one of those burger that ALL other will be judged by. This was one of the specials of the day so if you want to try one call ahead to see if it's on the special of the day menu or request one in advance with Chef Pais. You will not be disappointed. Wife had a veggie plate that looked very tasty but I was busy with my burger. This restaurant is very eclectic and personal. It has a very nice atmosphere and they play music in the restaurant which is set at the perfect volume for dining. You will have no problems hearing both the music and your dinner company. Looks like you will not get any microwaved food here The bottom line for me is that I would head back to Cafe Zinho again in the future.  I absolutely loved my appetizer and the fact that it was BYOB and thought that my entree was pretty good as well."  but also just a little flat. These dishes just didn't excite me when they came to the table. Couple this with the Coca Cola glasses and the rickety chair.... we left feeling just kind of blah about the whole experience." 