"Just your typical small town post office. Service is always pretty quick & the lines aren't entirely too long. They have all your mailing needs along with post office boxes as well. So nothing special  but I got over them. Some employees do their job well and some don't. It's the same anywhere you go. Although even the good ones act like they hate their jobs and life - like the USPS is sucking the life out of them. I can relate. As I wait in line I dread the woman saying ""For $68 you can have it there tomorrow. No? Priority mail is our 2-3 service which includes tracking and....blah Service is slow and they don't work all day (so it's very inconvenient to get there and see its closed). Would love for it to be open 8 hours day like all other offices. Hopefully my RSVP and my letter make it to where they are going... Gotta wait and see!" Conclusion: drive down the street to the main Post Office or walk down to the one in the basement of the Wells Fargo building. They are much nicer." This is definetly one of the better USPS vendors I've been to. Usually the ones I've visited didn't know what they were doing and acted like they were just  playing store."  the service was done swiftly and with a smile. One of the packages I received got wrong postage because the sender should have used a flat rate postage. I had no idea about this and they were supposed to charge me $5 but they let it slide mainly because I was clueless to the whole process. Now that's nice service." never been out of there under 45 minutes after 5pm. I go about once a month or so since they opened as I cannot get there earlier. expect to make your visit part of your evening .they usually  have 1 clerk and a dozen people in line "So if you have a choice do not come to this post office. 2:59 apparently is the same as 3pm. It's sad that I was in before the actual shut down time  which never happened.  They never called me and I still don't have my package that was delivered.  They did nothing to help and showed no initiative to help or solve the issue.  No help at all. Not that hard to deliver mail.  Not only did my package sit at the facility all week I am appalled with her behavior and the pharmacy's service." "This awesome pharmacy is a throw back to the good ol days before the big box shops took over with their huge outlets and lack of personal service. I love CVP! They remember your name Have been using CVP since it opened in the 1970's. The service is fantastic and the people are outstanding. Since I moved to North Scottsdale it is not as convenient but I still would not use another Pharmacy!  I found Camelback Compounding Pharmacy in my own backyard! Wonderful and so helpful even on a Saturday!" "Very unique boutique. Found some cute boot cuffs! Some of the items there are a bit pricey but great & friendly service. Yes  but welcomes dogs?! I guess there are humans that are dumber than dogs." (They're located on the north facing end of the strip mall I have a box here and like the place. Easy in and out. The customer service is personable and efficient. The people who own this place treat you life family when I check my mail box we always talk about something. If you need a mailbox their prices are good and can't beat the customer service anywhere. 