Called today to get a price for my 4 year old to attend preschool here. Their price is shocking at over $230 a week and that would cost more than my residence. I'm not sure how they can justify catering to only the rich being somewhat part of a church.  we have found what we believe to be a true  gem in Christ Lutheran.  The staff is exceptional and the growth of our children has far exceeded our expectations. If you are looking for a center to make a deep impact and not focus on babysitting....this is the place to be." Christ Lutheran Children's Center is nothing short of amazing! My son attended for 4 years and many of his teachers are still there...he's now 22! There is a full day program and a half day program. Both are special places for special little people. I can't recommend it high enough! aYNSdNHLRZBUWUlcpu7i9w  this place is worth it. Take a tour and get in early because they have a long waiting list. Long enough for them to refer parents to other centers just in case."  I know it is hard to choose a place for your child to spend so much time in someone else's care. But you could not choose a better place.  They are rated 5 stars AND have a SUPERIOR rating with the North Carolina Division of Child development." "Very good pre-school. My daughter has learned a lot on the 7 months she attended it. Kim is a great principal and runs the school very well. I just felt there was a high turnover on my daughter's classroom on the last 3 months. She had 3~4 teachers coming and leaving quickly. Also there are a couple of teachers who doesn't seem to be really into taking care of the kids The only downside to this Y compared to others is that you have to pay for the yoga and pilates classes and they require advanced registration.  I like to drop-in on such classes." Yeah good place to work out We come here for the kids activities. I am not a member if this gym. Why? They're not open 24 hours and they're expensive for what I use the gym for. The kids activities would be a lot cheaper if we were members but we don't do activities all year long so it's just cheaper to pay the high non member price of the activities.  & a great place to work out! Zumba is a fun way to break a sweat!" This woman Shannon Goldstein is harboring a known pedophile and picking up young girls to bring to him. Please careful if you know anyone who uses the Yellow Brick Road Preschool in downtown Phoenix as she is the director.  her story doesn't check out at all.  The name of the guy she gave me and story she gave me don't  match up at all.  Yellow brick filed a police report which they showed me.  Yelp does a disservice allowing baseless comments like that that freak parents out.  Kristy you disgust me."  with the tiny Window & medal plate at the bottom of the door. I was than introduced to the teacher who was just sitting at the table with some kids in sweat pants & a sweat shirt. Like seriously? To me the teacher in the classroom looked to be one who doesn't like to be too disturbed.  After the quick glance of the room I was than walked back to the lobby y5ASfpFSJkC5ngVgpCMJuA She's still going there and I love it just as much! the daycare and the woman who take care of my kids do a great job just trouble sometimes with the ladies communicating with each other. Lori on the other hand the administrative assistant is really rude and unfriendly not a fan of her at all. she makes me feel discriminated if it wasn't how wonderful my children are taken care of I would of switched daycares because of her.  and are very attentive to all babies equally. The only thing that is a bummer is that they don't provide soy formula (only milk-based formula). It would've been a nice savings for us since formula/solids are included with the monthly tuition. It's okay... I'm still very satisfied and am happy I found a place that works for our family. Also What an amaZing place! My son loves going to school he hasn't had a day he doesn't want to go. The teachers and directors are wonderful. They do the best crock pot cooking classes! It is just a wonderful and warm atmosp By far the best!!! I moved my kids from a prior daycare I was unhappy until I moved them here!! My kids have improved academically and emotionally since they have been here the staff is great the teachers show my kids so much love I couldn't be happier. Including the location so convenient for me easy to get to. Very much recommended to any parent. "Place is phenomenal! Stellar place to bring my children...I always prepay and never experience any problems. Not sure why Natalis had such a bad experience...must have been having a bad day/week? Myself AND my children always have a pleasant experience My daughter is almost 3 years old now and I couldn't be happier with Kindercare! She is such a social butterfly  and even some evening offerings around the holidays so that parents can go shopping or go on a date while the kids stay at school and watch movies and eat pizza. But by far my favorite thing about this school is that they potty-trained my daughter. This was a real game changer in our house. I could go on and on  I'm the parent that finally put my foot down to this day ares mess. I confronted the owner about my daughter being bullied and he yelled at me in front of everyone including my child because I didn't how careless his staff was then kicked us out like trash! I had never been so hurt for my daughter and offended by someone whose in charge of her well being while I'm at work so I shared my feedback on Facebook about how horrible they were to my daughter and me. Come to find out  said she was being sexual ( which almost made me too angry to deal with) and constantly rolled their eyes while my four year old daughter answered truthfully to my questions. However the fact that my child was being called 'ugly' repeatedly by the same girl and pushed down repeatedly was never addressed. She's an angel at home with no other family or babysitters We drive 40 minutes to this school!!! They really care and work hard to help our child grow. The Montessori philosophy is an amazing way to learn and would recommend this school very highly. Hat's off to Villa Montessori. If I could give it 6 stars I would." I experienced a huge lack of professionalism with Villa that I'm not willing to risk translating into something more serious in care of my LO."  Yelp doesn't have a zero star option."  and the issue was investigated and even the first part of my experience was corroborated by the teacher excluding the slap she was still allowed to return to school. I'm disgusted that the eyewitness testimony of a parent would not be deemed critical enough to at the very least be cause to remove the teacher and place her at another institution. I am revenue non-DES assisted customer and deemed pure cash revenue and an active and involved engaged parent. Your teacher is an expense and an over liability. I will do whatever is in my power and rights to ensure that no other child is harmed and that all parents are aware of Childtime's inability to rectify the actions of their sub-par employees." I went in here to check out the facility. Kids were running crazy crying. Hardly any supervision and smelt like urine. Not only that but it's not very secure a stranger could come in at any point. Never enrolled my child. "I called just to get a price and they want all this information that should not be asked just to get a price quota.  I could not even make it through the phone call  BGRPNT_y79TWSYhViUl31A  and my son was more than prepared for Kindergarten. The friends that we have made from this school are some of the greatest people and we couldn't be happier with our choice." I absolutely love this school for my son. The staff are friendly and really take the time to get to know my son and help him to grow.  and we enjoy feeling good about it."  and he loves it.  Janet and her staff are wonderful.  They are very knowledgable "Our son attended this school for the past three years.  I can't say enough good things about Community Montessori School.  The group of women who teach here truly feed the intellect   to other parents behind our back.   I had purposely held off on my online review until the last day of school because I was concerned of backlash. Looks like my instincts were right  communities are a place where different personalities of families and perspectives are integrated into a supportive environment. The teachers and owner here are vested in the wellbeing and success of the children and they are more than willing to go the extra mile to serve the individual needs of each child they teach. I've had two different kiddos enrolled at CMS for the past eight years and have also spent time inside the classroom over the years. They do a fabulous job of teaching the academics but they excel at the virtue development portion of the curriculum.  My kids have the strongest manners of their friends and by far the best reading comprehension of their peer group. But the children are also taught and trusted early on to identify actions that support a peaceful and loving environment. One of the things that has always impressed me is the school's high level of expectation for what the kiddos are capable of achieving. From a life-skills perspective of making beds and contributing in the household to a high standard of cooperation and an expectation of peacefulness  but where to send our children once they graduate.   Ms. Janet and crew have instilled a level of knowledge and curiosity that puts the children worlds ahead of their peers at comparable schools.  Just ask the staff what percentage of children read chapter books and have been exposed to things like fractions and multiplication by the end of kindergarten.   You will be shocked at how high the figure truly is.  My son attended Community Montessori for roughly 3 years  shaping and polishing without diminishing who she is.  There is a large backyard which is ideal for play time and the school has a colorful and friendly layout.  Janet will often have various professionals visit the school to enrich the program with their special talents.  Janet and her staff put a great deal of thought into this program and it is obvious how positively that is reflected in my granddaughter's outlook  and hard working teachers. I only wish our son could have enjoyed more years at this unique and amazing school. Kudos to Janet Wheeler  I am delighted to say our child is getting a first class education that surprises us everyday!  There are four experienced teachers that have been with the school for multiple years.  The school has so many great learning areas that get changed monthly.  There is a large yard with a playground  love and respect. The expectations are clear and that makes it easy to participate in your child's education. There is regular parental involvement and the communication from Janet is consistent as she sends out plenty of reminders so that us parents can also be successful participants. It is an adorable ""one room schoolhouse"" type of environment. This allows the younger kids to learn with older students as role models while the older students have the opportunity to be a leader and feel that responsibility. Overall "I have sent three kids to Desert Dawn and it is truly a special place! Caring teachers who have been there forever  etc that my daughter loves & a big garden where each of the children have their own area to plant. Not to mention goats for the kids to pet. This is a true school for learning where the kids get a lot of interaction. This is NOT a daycare. Desert Dawn & it's staff are the best!" Some teachers have been at desert dawn for years and you can tell they love what they do. Ask for a tour and you will want to be a kid again to have the same experience!!" All of the teachers and helpers are what make this school so outstanding.  Many of them  have worked for the school since it opened (25+ years ago?)  We still keep in touch with Mrs. B My daughter is two and loves this school! We are so blessed to have found Desert Dawn and feel like we have found a new home.  Our daughter is learning so much and comes home every day with a smile on her face.  Everyone at this school is so caring and have done an amazing job giving our daughter a positive experience when it comes to school.  I am a teacher and know the importance to creating a positive first impression when it comes to school.  Every morning she wants to go to school and is already learning her ABC's and has really built her vocabulary.  We are excited to continue our journey with Desert Dawn in the coming years. NAeNoYysFWCSTonevDU7JQ I graduated from sca in 99 & now my children attend the school.  I absolutely love the elementary staff.  What a joy to watch my children learning the bible and applying it to real life.  I don't have to worry about what world view the teacher is trying to teach my kids. This is a great school.  I will defend the integrity of the school because it has been such an amazing experience for our children.  LOVE it -" 