 and test a lens. There were several other customers in the store and he did his best to provide attention to everyone  but unless I'm in a pinch I'm probably going to order supplies online from now on."  Bruce created a customer for life.  I am in their debt.  Don't walk.  Run to Bernie's.  I can't wait to go back to visit Pittsburgh again so I can walk in myself and meet Bruce and see the amazing selection they have first hand.  This is customer service So I think the kind of experience you get depends entirely on the person you run into. I can see how someone would be put off by the dark haired guy I ran into first "Up-charges most of their products that you can find on B&H for way less money. Sales person treated me like I was a very inexperienced. Not a bad place if you're in need of camera gear without a moments notice Zhrz3u8oBwwc2MTeMK5mYA  and they charged me an extra 4 dollars a roll for no reason.  On the website they say $8 but they charged me $12.  The owner is very pretentious and rude.  When I told him that it says 8 dollars online he didn't care at all.  When I dropped my film off the high school kid didn't even tell me the price because ""it is too much for me to calculate""  Also  this is the only game in town. Makes me glad I live in New York City. You would think a store in a dying industry would thrive to provide better customer service  heck they even pointed me in the right direction to get a job (I just moved to Pittsburgh) all in all  showing that they are not elitist but inviting about photography. They know their stuff and are very helpful.  The best part about a store like Bernie's is that potential buyers of usually expensive equipment can actually get a look at and feel for products before they buy them.  You just can't match that type of experience online and I am proud to support their business." "I gave them a film to develop back in May.  They gave me a nice receipt.  One week later I call  not a great choice. I was once a frequent customer and now I curse this establishment. For the only 'real' camera shop around  they basically told me to go elsewhere. You would think in a dying business you wouldn't turn away potential customers - especially someone who was being pleasant and polite. Even after being a dick I don't generally give out one-star reviews.  This is my 500th review and only my 12th one-star review.  I'm not giving details because all of the billing issues aren't resolved "I have lived all over the US and even globally and I can honestly say that in my opinion FairPoint is the WORST telephone company I have ever dealt with. I moved in 11 2009 and they are still holding my credit balance refund hostage. When I called to request information Since their latest foray into union-busting here it has only become worse. We in Vermont very much hope that our public service regulators will go after this mountain of corporate grift will all guns blazing: we've had enough of southern corporate carpetbaggers making promises they are systemically incapable of delivering on." My 97 year old mother who is blind moved from one room to another and the company said it would take a week to change the phone because it was a holiday.  After the week was up they said the work order was extended a month because they had so much new business.   I escalated the issue.   The said they would get back to me within 48 hours.  No response.  Some company!  they will give you a hard time.  Watch out this company." I knocked off a star for pricing - can't someone find a way to bring down the costs of cable TV and internet access??? - and because TW doesn't yet offer home phone service in my area." Time Warner over AT&T any day of the year... If you are lucky enough to avoid using them -I suggest you do so !" "I was a customer for approx 16 yrs.  Only because they were my only option.  Came home one day to find out they had cut off my service because I had a balance of $28.00.  It was gonna be $150 and 2 wks before I could get it turned back on.  Needless  take to look into another internet cable provider.  It is not worth the hassel or the headache." So I haven't had TWC in 3.5 years and have heard nothing from them (I live in area of SC that they don't service).  Today I get a collection notice from them for $48.  Stop spending money to name every arena in the nation and hire some people who know what they're doing.  I ended up telling them I never wanted to hear even their name again.  4wks later and I still had nothing hooked up and they cut the main cable line to my condo property and at&t's line when trying to bury some new lines for me.  They have no idea what they are doing and you get a different story each time you call them.  They better never even step foot near my door again.  Horrible !!!!" "AT&T phone bills became horribly expensive: the old tv broke and we got a new one with HD: plus I had wireless installed for my laptop. All of these factors convinced me to ""bundle and save"" with Time Warner Cable. So far the service people have been pleasant and we're saving a lot on bills. However Need to get the twc hotspot adapter..........  and they don't call every month to see if I want to add services." Buyer's remorse? You bet."  but as of now I'll just sulk over my newly negotiated monthly rate." vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og  since we had a 3+ hour Internet outage this morning) to see about getting my bill lowered.  Surprisingly  I'm going to tweet to their Twitter handle first before waiting on the phone for an obscene amount of time. Yay technology."  I had been dealing with a remote that started losing function after function and could no longer deal with it.  I went to the TW office on Morehead and after waiting behind people who seriously had no clue why they were even there  I somehow agreed to keep the service for 6 months at a significantly reduced rate.  I then recieved  the bill the next month and the price had no change.  I called and they wrote in there notes some  othert agreement.  I asked to speak to manager and they denied me.  I told them I want my service canceled now and that I was not going to pay the bill.  They said no.  I asked for the manager he said no.  He then said if I ask for manager he will need to hang up.  He hung up.  His name is Jesus and will not give any other identification to me.  He is in the retention department.  If you are the manager of this employee  but I hope I never have problems with my service that involve a visit back to the office. Talk about unpleasant."  and then when called to set up appointment to install service I asked what I would be charged and was told $34.95. I then called customer service to discuss what I would be paying and was told the $34.95. I explained that I had been quoted less vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og "I feel like nothing beats Road Runner for speed so I guess that is the only reason I stay with them. Other than that  but that is not an option.  The only way to cancel is to call their number wait forever and pray you dont get cut off.  If you are looking to subscribe look at other alternatives first.  I read somewhere that Charlotte has the highest Time Warner rates in the country.  Avoid this company if you can.  Once they have you they make it hard to escape."  and perhaps that is why they really don't care about losing customers."  I'm an accountant and even I can't figure out their billing system. It should be illegal the way they bill people. It doesn't help that they have a monopoly on almost all downtown apartments in the Charlotte area. I have bugged AT&T U-verse about offering in my area  the techs have been terribly pleasant (with one exception that I got my pepper spray out for just in case - he was an odd bird) TWC is the worst cable company I've ever dealt with. Each time I've called for Tech Support I was on hold for at least an hour. Their only response is to unplug the box.  I'm on my 2nd DVR box in 2 months & channels go out randomly.  If you can get cable somewhere else do it! (DIRECTV before & after TWC is a god send)." I have tried repeatedly to get this company to refund an incorrect amount charged to my mother who died.  There is no email and I have spent hours on the phone.  USE any other service if you can.  this is a failure to draw funds because their billing department is complete and utter garbage.  Their services are sub par and they over charge for this shit service because as previously stated they run the only line available for entire neighborhoods and small towns through out the Charlotte area." "I do not like this company! For years I have been forced to work with them for Internet and cable and have been consistently dissatisfied with the customer service. Inconsistent billing  and there are next to none free movies on demand.  TWC is horrible in comparison to Comcast.  And the cherry on top is that there is no more CBS or Showtime???  Are you kidding me Time Warner?  CBS?? It's one of the main networks!!  To deny your viewers access to a main network is insane.  You should be ashamed of yourselves and need to stop blaming CBS for your total incompetence. For both CBS and Showtime  what is the point of having cable? Seriously folks. They are getting out of hand and this takes the cake. I pay i have say and i say screw them! If everyone cancelled maybe they would rethink their decision. I have nothing else to watch"  I have only worked with them online and over the phone.  I also wish that I could provide them with ZERO STARS.  This company is the worst to deal with.  It started off with my order being processed twice due to an issue with their website.  So I chatted with an analyst to have it resolved.  She then had to call me because she said my credit card was being rejected.  After about 45 minutes she realized she was entering it incorrectly.  Then the day they should have been coming out to install I found out that they changed my street address in their computer when moving from the ordering system to the installation ordering system.  Therefore they installer never made it to my apartment.  When I noticed the change on the emails I received I called immediately (about 15 minutes after my scheduled install window).  The woman on the phone told me that she corrected it and contacted the driver who confirmed the new address and would still be coming.  After waiting another 2 hours with no contact I called back and the new person told me that it isn't possible to just update an address and that she had to put in a whole new order.  Oh and my specific apartment unit was not in there system so they would have to send someone out to survey before the installation so I couldn't set up another installation for almost 2 weeks.  (Mind you they had every other apartment in my building and when I originally placed the order they had no problem finding my address and signing me up)  The analyst also submitted an escalation about my issue so I could speak with a supervisor (after waiting for one for about a half an hour on the phone) within 24 hours.  Waited the whole day and no call back.  So I chatted online again and was told the escalation process takes 2-3 days not 24 hours.  I then said I just wanted to cancel any pending orders that I had in the system Moral of the story: If you want to do ""business"" with TWC I wish Yelp had zero stars because this is what TWC deserves. The monopoly they run has run its course. I have used their services for many years until recently when I finally tossed in the towel. Horrible service! I was considered a premium customer (can't remember what TWC calls it) yet still always received the worst service. Every time I had to call for some problem (very often) I would be placed into their web of transfers while having to explain my issue to the next service rep each and every time. Not fun. It's a circus at TWC. I vote Time Warner Cable the worst company of all times. I spent 30 minutes on hold tonight trying to find out why my bill has gone from 29.99 to 55.00 per month and I can not see any change in the quality of service. Their website will only allow me to increase my cost but offers no suggestions as to how I might save money. I guess no one has ever told their management that it is cheaper to keep a customer than to try and get them back. Don't get me wrong there are other bad and good companies. I love American Express they are the best company in America. Uverse is the second worst company in America in my humble opinion. Tmobile is 3rd worst company and Direct TV is the 4th worst. After that I would say Sprint is the 5th worst. By the way I have Dish for my TV and have been pleased for the most part with their service.  If you have other ideas please add. "Went in to exchange my cable box. Got in and out in under ten minute even though there was a bit of a line The only reason I have to give them two stars is because I was stuck for years with Comcast and that was MUCH worse."  and certainly not worth the pain you will experience if you ever need to contact them for anything. Worst customer service of any business I've ever dealt with."  lost Internet three times because TWC turned it off; and still got overcharged by $40. They say they have it fixed now. I am not holding my breath here."   so your only option is to take time out of your work day. AT&T is much better. Avoid TWC like the plague. They'll never stop nickel and diming you."  wireless isn't available unless you pay an extra $11 monthly fee for the router. The technician (a very nice guy) advised me to purchase my own router  while I normally gave 4-5 stars regardless of service quality. The worst service came from TWC. Took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done. All they did is to transfer the phone call to another representative after telling me ""I can't do this Step it up Time Warner!!!" The best DVR they can offer customers is a model that can only record 2 shows at a time compared to other companies that now have models that can record up to 5 shows at a time. The only reason I am with them is because they are the only provider for my home at the moment and satellite is not an option."   I had no information guide and could not control the volume. After being on the phone with them for SEVERAL hours vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og "I love how they just sent me a letter to inform me about their price increase while saying I am still enjoying their special promotion.....I have been a customer for the past 7 years  but we're adding it back for football season. I am spending my day off waiting in this absurd line for a cable box so that my husband can watch the Panthers. If only we could get ESPN on our Apple TV... I can't wait until we can just stream everything" An absolute horrible company and it upsets me every month that I pay them for ""service"" because there is not another cable provider in my area."  but what did not know until I talked to a customer service representative that it cost 10 dollars a month to use it. I did not have internet for about a month. I call tech support and I was told that the router could be bridged and I could use my own router. So one month 3 tech support calls later I got this information.  Wow!!! Why!"  but I actually enjoyed my visit.  The man I talked to (I believe his name was Tony) was extremely helpful.  He assisted me with everything I needed and more.  I was pleasantly surprised by this visit Time Warner Cable is the worst!  Never in my life have a dealt with such an incompetent and frustrating service provider. Stay away from them like the plague if possible.  When Google Fiber comes to Charlotte I will be switching my service to them. TWC has the worst reliability of any company I have ever seen. The first winter storm and the cable and Internet is out. Let me add that this is a mere few hours before the storm hits our area. No way to find out what is going on. Stay away from Time Warner. They are never there when you need them.  then they transfer you around from department to department despite the fact that they are told up front what assistance you need. I am SO glad that I am moving out of state and will not have to deal with them again EVER! TWC is ridiculously expensive for what services you do get  I would.  absolute thieves and liars."  etc.  I will be changing cable companies after this last round. Uggh: " What a contrast to the arena which earns the city bragging rights.  Hate that I'm returning to them for my cable after years of great service with Direct TV.  Double ouch." "A sea of humanity waiting to be helped and only two employees. I wouldn't have to be here but they only ship digital adapters They're not all bad! :)" Poor customer service." This is the worst branch in the history of branches!!!! Service is so slow...long lines and a bunch of customers who can't believe they actually use Time Warner Cable!!!  with this company!! Always double check your bills. Not to mention the constant slow internet. Should you have a problem  we were promised unicorn farts and rainbow sprinkles. What we got was extremely limited channels and Internet that is by no means top speed.  Plus the ""guaranteed price"" is code for contract. You'll never get out unless you die." Terrible customer service. We have been waiting for days in a row for s technician that they promise is coming every day. Can't wait to cancel service.  Jordan promises the issue will be resolved which has not happened. I agree with CNN that TWC customer service has fallen tremendously. Do not give people your money who does not have time for you and promotes people with bad manners to superisors (who by the way "Just know that they have horrible customer service and technicians. It's unfortunate that they have a monopoly  in the city. No one ever knows what they are talking about and problems are never resolved.  If you can help it Back on the phone with these dipshidiots for more empty promises. Seriously TWC SUCKS." "Came to this location after work on a weekday to switch out a bad router. Was in and out in less than 5 minutes  desperate grab for market share--in light of Google bringing fiber into town soon. I have zero loyalty to TWC and will bail (even if I have to pay more for Google) at the first opportunity I have.  Good riddance  please be Warned. Save your time. Save your sanity. JUST DON'T DO IT!!!!!!!"  I get a bill in the mail.  A bill for $250! Insane.  Apparently the promotion I signed up for was not what was entered.  So now I spend an hour on the phone negotiating my bill.  They aren't able to get the exact promotion I signed up for #thisisacrime #Googlehelpme #Iwanttopunchsomething" "Ironically they have a commercial out right now that claims you no longer have to sit around all day waiting for a technician to come. I had an appointment setup and sat around waiting for the technician to not call or show up. Another appointment was setup My internet went out for 8 hours yesterday for Sunday football. Today it's been freezing all day after I got a call saying it had been resolved. Worst company ever. Can't wait till Google comes to save us. vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og  now its in collections- I will be disputing it. They seem very disorganized and its a shame- my internet was fast and enjoyable...Just be careful If you are moving  Time Warner is going to sink like a led weight in a still pond. They are out dated and their customer ""service"" is non existent. They don't care about anyone."  in addition they have added and increased their fees. They are advertising about their new great efforts to improve their customer service and product however nothing has really changed. If they truly cared about their customers they would have offered good affordable service quality from the beginning; not only because their is some competition coming to the area soon." 3 words. Time Warner Cable. The worst everything. You name it. Worst ever at everything they do.  they have horrible customer service and the equipment comes and goes. Example: A no-show TWC Tech on a Tuesday morning at 8am and they won't reschedule until Sunday afternoon with no comp to service or fees waived. If they weren't the monopoly of Charlotte "I hired Kevin Barnett 2 weeks ago to take care of multiple tickets for me.  I will recommend him to everyone I know.  His office is in a convenient location and he is incredibly easy to work with.  He has a great assistant KSy9KjeG0zuUWKNMgoMAQw  Mrs. Duckstein is the first and last call you need to make. Her attention to detail of your case  then go with Sonja! She will go above and beyond! I'm pleased with her services and wouldn't trust anyone else." Think you don't need an attorney? Shouldn't you know? Call her." I am a worker's comp and SS attorney here in Phoenix. I know Sonja and she is a fantastic lawyer - for both personal injury and criminal defense. She is very responsive and caring to her clients. I highly recommend her. "Sonja Duckstein is the epitome of a client first mentality.  Her work ethic is unmatched and her knowledge of the law including our rights as citizens is top notch. I trust to refer my family  and patiently answered my questions. They really treated me and my friend as more than a client and took a genuine interest in the overall outcome of the case. I can't thank you enough for your kindness and determination." oPPecxrC9rdgFxeufagGSA former president of Kings Ransom Hotel and Kings Ransom Inn" http://www.universityclubphoenix.com/"  Karen and their staff. The food is good and the  enviroment is charming. this is a lovely alternative to a commercial event space."  I have a wine group and a cigar group and have hosted events there for them both.  First of all the food is very good there and the setting is beautiful and quaint at the same time. But the Manager and the staff are what makes this place excellent. They work very hard at making your time there great while making you feel welcome. I feel like a friend when I go there instead of just a customer. Thank you to The University Club of Phoenix for all that you do! As long as I am welcome We' were greeted warmly at the entrance.  We were given a private room for our party of 6 .started with beef barley soup which was hot and very hearty with lots of beef and vegetables.  Co use two was their egg and chorizo burrito.  The meat was  n not greasy and had a nice blend of flavors.  Service was great This is an old established  place . The food  is good home cooking and sizable  portions . The staff is very friendly  had their  French dip . And fries . I like their steak size fries.  They will customize  your order I had my wedding and reception here in 2012. We were married a few days before Christmas and the staff was so accommodating considering it was holiday time. It was beautifully decorated and dimly lit in the outdoor area with white lights strung throughout. The food was amazing and easily the best I've ever had at a wedding and luckily it was mine! It was served buffet style and there was a ton of food for all the guests. They helped make this a special night for my husband and I. I highly recommend this place for any catered event. "I had some questions about my S Corp paperwork and Michael took a look. He explained what everything meant and which was like taking a Greek language lesson but understanding it immediately. He pointed out the important parts of the documents that were there and why they needed to be. He made some suggestions but was not pushy about additional services in anyway. I would highly suggest Michael for any and all Business Michael was great at getting our estate planning in order. Everything went smooth and very timely. I have a great sense of comfort knowing all our papers are in order. If I need anything else in the future I will certainly use Michael Tucker again. "We reconnected with Micheal after 15 years and it was a wonderful experience. We will be using him for all our estate planning and wills. We have an unusual family dynamic and he's is very receptive and understanding off all our needs. We felt very comfortable with him and his amazing staff from the beginning to the end of our time in his office "I had a couple of immigration questions and thought it might be best to seek for an actual legal advice than google. I went for this law office because it is closer to my place and they offer free legal advice. Secretary was very friendly. Office is a little bit old but not too bad. The attorney was about 30 minutes late and although was a little friendly  mom and I with our immigration court case. He's known my sister and I since we were little Excellent attorney! Laid out the process for us in terms we can understand. He was patient with us and was by our side through our interview. Couldn't have asked for a better process. Everything went smoothly. He will be our go to person from here on out. "I don't have enough words to describe how amazing the experience with Mr Robert. They work very hard to make sure you have winning results. I could not have asked for better services. From the moment I first called until my case was over "I came across the Law Office of Robert E Coughlon Jr through google searching immigration attorneys in the phoenix metropolitan area. I was initially drawn to this office because of positive google reviews and his personal education which is detailed on his website. My mother and I met with him because of his free initial consultation offer. Let me just tell you he surpassed my expectations when it came to being friendly  it's with absolute honesty I share this to save someone money and aggravation of ""shopping"" around  dedicated and truly cares about his clients.  Jason has an edge and intelligence that gives him an excellent perspective when working on a case.  Jason spent a year working on a family member's case and we are very pleased with the results.  He has also provided amazing follow up with any further litigation that can and has arisen over the next year.  I know that when I speak with Jason I am going to get the truth and not a false sense of security.  He knows how to explain things to those without law degrees while handling the court room and prosecutors antics without flinching.  He produces outstanding results and is well worth the money.  There were other attorneys we interviewed and actually retained.  They staffed it out and others always called or followed up.  Jason does not work that way and always was on point and knew the specifics of the case  there is no one else I would trust. Thank you Jason "Met Jayson today. He was great. Very knowledgeable and interested in the well-being of my family. He was really approachable and gave me the impression that he would fight hard for my case. As you speak to him  Powers of Attorney.  Sam was referred to me.  Sam did more for me than my GA. attorney and for less.  What a great guy.  Took my elderly father to see Sam after my dad's wife died and Sam helped guide our family through some estate planning and produced only the documents needing to be changed rather than everything.  I recommend him without any conditions or reservations.  His office staff is FIRST RATE too." "Consulted him for setting up an estate plan.  First meeting was free  don't ya think? I gave Joe my request. Which was pretty unique. I needed decals applied to a tinted window on my patio. Something to spice it up. We tried ourselves and those little decals bubbled more than a flapjack on a hot griddle in Atlanta in Julyyyy! I've never been to Atlanta or referred to pancakes as flapjacks. Something I just channeled so it seems. The work  buddy"" here). Joe WILL get your name right and take an interest in your business. Just the right balance of professional and jovial. Extremely fair pricing. I thought this place might be sketchy because there is a very angry anti-congress sign out front and the bright colors on their own sign are hideous. Don't let that fool you. You will love these guys. They will love you. And they told me if my sign didn't work DJ and the guys were able to accommodate a special request and they did it blistering fast time. They suggested the best materials for the job (unlike FastSigns) and they went the extra mile to get my project done quickly and within a reasonable budget. I will be coming back! Thanks guys! Craig Talked to DJ for some signs. Real nice guy with willingness to help. Highly recommended Disclosure: the firm drew up the blueprints and colorboard for our condo in the Biltmore area If you are in need of a great visionary then Hayes Inc Architecture and Interiors has to top your list." Absolutely love Victoria she made my BK as pleasurable and easy as it could be. This firm goes above and beyond for their clients! I'm very satisfied with this Firm! e2cUD-bchQKNNIChk2saWQ  than all others combined together! Thank you very much for your professionalism and patience! I would recommend them 100% to all my friends!"  and most recently settling my offer in compromise with the IRS. And get this ... My offer in compromise was settled for only 1% of what I owed ... YES 1%!!! I seriously don't know what we'd have ever done without them!!! I'd highly recommend them to family  more so since the Orange and its kin moved into the neighborhood. They have quality products and are professionally competent "Yep. David B. Once again the wise sage atop Mount Yelp. I called another locksmith who never returned my call. I called Stagecoach and they said they could help me tomorrow. That's cool. I had a safe in my office and the batteries died and I was unable to open the safe. But you have to open the safe to put in new batteries. Suckky I know! Stagecoach called back and said they can be here in an hour. YEE HAW! Stagecoach to the rescue. I expected a horse and buggy with a rugged Michael Landon (post bed wetting problem raymond at stagecoach was awsome i brought 7 commercial locks in and they had them done in an hour and 1/2.its great to have people that will try to help when there are busy thanks guys... "Very pleased with these guys!  Locked ourselves out of the house & gave them a call.  They are just down the street so they arrived within 5 minutes of the call. He had us back in our house in no time.  The locksmith that helped us out was very polite and knowledgeable.  He even showed us we have a programmable doorknob "The man that did my locks was extremely unpleasant.   He acted like he did not want to be there and talked to me like I was stupid.  I can't stand that people that are that mean n miserable are dealing with the public.   There was another man that I got the time before who was very personable and really sweet.  So he's great.  But this guy working nights that's on call  Great place. Has been here forever. They always cut a good key. Cant say that for ACE or Home Depot.  and they were able to help me out and get me back on the road!  Thank you for the help!" "Had an emergency & would not give me time of day. Used in past but would never  and quick to respond. I would highly recommend them for assistance with understanding and complying with the AZ Tenant & Landlord Act and eviction matters. They make my job so much easier!!" "I have used scott Clark law office for many years. They are very knowledgeable and are always available to help by phone  when I have questions.  Their services are excellent  and they try to be fair and follow the law.  What a great group!!!  They always donate to events when asked ;o ]" "From the time we walked into the door the staff was friendly and considerate.  After checking in we were offered water or soda and shown the location of the bathroom.   The lawyers we meet with were very professional  understand and are very knowledgeable and up to date with the legal system or trust matters.  I use them for all my legal needs  his staff is nice and are waiting for give you bottled water or coffee.  I had certain expectations on how Mr. Brown conducts himself in court vX9CfSkN-L94l9ToLskgAA "Stereotypical unethical lawyer who took advantage an old lady and her inheritance. Untrustworthy 