Note: this is a review of the baseball club Plus the perogy races are classic!"  and my Girl Posse.  My dad and I will still have our father-daughter nights out here.  But like the parents of that sweet little boy in grammar school with the failing grades We're over .500 so far this year!  Whoo-hoo!  We're actually mediocre!  And for once the Cubs are keeping us out of last place instead of the other way around!  I think next year we'll hit 2.2 million and a playoff!"  Washington Wild Things http:  www.yelp.com biz washington-wild-things-washington#hrid:BWXqf9Wwj9YVaueqHdm8jw src:self ).  We like baseball too and the women's sizes fit us way better than the men's do.  My folks gave me one for Christmas 'cos my old one (in a man's size) wore out.  The new one fits well and looks great!" Now let's see if we can keep the momentum going for the rest of the season and finish with at least a winning record for a chiange.  Oh well  I always find myself happy to enjoy my meal and watch the game.  Gotta love them battling bucs.  Please just let me see one round of Playoffs in Pittsburgh before I die.."  Pittsburgh Pirates.  I feel like telling you I'm done with you guys.  I'm no fair weather fan Go Pirates!!! That's all I can say. They've made me love baseball and Pittsburgh again. They're only going to get better. Overall I really like what I see from this Pirate team and management.  Yes I would have liked them to sign a few guys over the off season but I trust they know what they are doing.  They are relying heavily on their farm system to carry them through this year.  They might have to make a trade or two if this plan doesn't work but they have a good young core in Pittsburgh that should allow them to have another successful 2014 and for several years to come." They only cater to new business full season ticket holders for post season ticket sales Awesome park beautiful views and great firework shows!!! The ambiance is to die for if your a baseball fan and make sure you do the river walk at the stadium priceless!!! Pirate merchandise is available both online and at PNC park and let's not forget our mascot the Pirate parrot! Go Bucs and here's hoping you can come from behind in 2016"  natch. Food and beverage options are a plenty and seats are pretty comfortable. If you're lucky enough to score some box seats you may enjoy some tasty buffet and super sweet service. Who doesn't like the VIP treatment? For groups and interests of all ages and sizes  I'm a fan if the Bobcats. They're beginning to put a more entertaining product on floor every night and tickets are not too expensive. The arena is nice and there's really not a bad seat in the house. With the light rail dropping you off right outside the arena and the Epicentre across the street  Bobcats for being such a fun team and treating your fans!"  dancers and other entertainment during breaks. Unfortunately the Bobcats have never had that one star player that makes you want to go see a game just to watch him but I think they are doing there best to get to that level. At this point and over the years their play has been very mediocre. Naturally a part of it is the fans fault. If more fans would attend the game then revenue would go up and the Bobcats would then not only be able to afford a marquee player but also attract them as well. I give the bobcats four stars but they are honestly at this point 3.5 stars. If you rate the organization overall three stars simply would not give them enough credit."  a few turns and we were out of the post game traffic and back on the freeway headed out of town.  For a low hassle The venue itself is very nice- and we even got to see Michael Jordan!" Overall I give this an overwhelming thumbs-up! If you haven't been to a Bobcats game "Was at the bobcats game last night and it was alot of fun.  The only thing i would have to say is that it felt like you were out of the game experience sitting in the suites.  The T-shirts didnt make it to us  even if the game isn't.  I went to my first Bobcats game last year and have been to about 10 since.  While the team they currently have isn't faring well  renting out Suites at NBA games and even throwing in a little TV airtime. Hi Mom! Thanks Nicole I hadn't been to a game in a while and was pleasantly surprised by the size of the turnout.  5 stars for time warner arena  go to a Bobcats game." Support your Bobcats!"  many fair weather fans here.  Go ahead fans shout DE-FENSE.  It's ok.  Guess i'm used to MSG." Overall though I will be back to cheer for the team. Go Cats!"  this time game was great we had tickets in the founders sections with the meal. Staff was new did really have their act together also rushed people out at the end of the night even with people backed up at the exits" The team is worst to watch in person. No high lights team mood doesn't make you feel like being into the game unless they are winning and this doesn't happen often. I worked here as the Pastry Chef this season and I have to say the Arena is nice. Good parking around the facilities (with fair market pricing on event days) and the Transportation Center across the street you can't beat that. Now only if they can put out worthy entertainment other than the Checkers. nRdpk6Azj6CYkqPrH0Nr7A I'm looking forward to next year. Maybe I won't wait until the end of the season to go to a game?" 4 5 based on how nice this arena is and the props given for the good selection (gluten free stand for my fianc is great!). Tickets are cheap for even the big games which is a plus bc the team offers very little on the court right now. Fan engagement is alright but could be so much more. Overall a great value for what it offers.  no more Celtics visits until next season.  See you then."  the Bobcats are a good team and I'm still very happy I was able to see them play in person!   =)"  I would highly suggest seeing the bobcats play at least once!" As for the ""Lady Cats"" I referenced in my earlier review... they are now the ""Honey Bees"" and they're just as cheery now as they were then."  What an Awesome way to get to the game."  I thought the Hornets were going to win. Hornets 90 Hawks 92. Not too shabby! I'm not a sport fan I always have a blast at the games from court side to upper level the fans are extreme for the Hornet's. You have to love the games when they handout bobbleheads as you walk through the doors. This season "This was my 5th NBA game. Charlotte Hornets vs. Oklahoma City Thunder 1 2 2016. We finally went to our most local NBA arena. The arena seemed kinda small compared to the Quicken Loans arena in Cleveland and the Verizon Center arena in Washington where we has been before. We had serious nose bleed seats (Section 209 Row Q).The Time Warner Cable Arena doesn't know how to put on a show or make the fans feel great. The Hornets arena is updated and the staff is really nice but time outs and half time need some work. My favorite NBA arena is the Quicken Loans arena in Cleveland where every time out is a festival of sights and sounds. Please people of the time Warner Cable arena put your mascot and announcers to work What can I say????     Im a Tampa Bay fan.  But i live in NC.  So now that my boys are in the playoffs Im all about Carolina!  I had my fun in 02 when Tampa took care of Oakland in the Superbowl.  Now Im trying to find tickets for the secound round!!  700 bucks?  I think Ill tailgait and watch it in the parking lot!!!  Go Panthers!  Go Steve Smith -  best reciever in the league!  Go D'angelo Williams.  The toughest motherfucking rb in the league.  Wake up NY.  You got some ballers coming your way.Best game of the year coming up. I do love one thing; Coach Fox likes to call the onside kick at the most unlikely times and they often work."  Wharton - Go Gamecocks!  Go Panthers!"  one child aged 8 or under gets in free until the stadium is full. Bragging about a ""91 game consecutive sellout"" streak is a joke when a quarter of the seats are empty at the start of the game. This is the time to build our fan base for the future The only reason I DINT give a 5 star was becuase the atmosphere at bank of America  is mediocre . We as fans could do a lot better . But. Facilities are top notch .parking cheap & nt very far & prices inside the stadium are very reasonable!! 4N4ItWft6Y4Y0h1qwm0BUg "I'm a Fan... Again!  You know what that means right???  I'm not crazy about any Sports so if this is not my Team I have NO team!  I'm not going to be looking for another team!  After last weeks WIN I'm excited  they're not that good lately. And I'll cheer for them. But when the Dolphins come to town The most dramatic 55 seconds in sports I've seen at BofA stadium."  lower deck and I love it.  They keep my heart on the edge most every season.  I love the venue - of course drinks and food are overpriced which is typical of every pro stadium arena field I have been to. I am looking forward to the renovations this off season."  yet there were no signs or information warning about this until you got to the doors. A bit of a pisser for A LOT of people." I just wish they didn't always sound so out of breath." Another plus here is the people watching factor.  You're sure to see all types of people at any game.  I'll leave it at that and let you see for yourself.  Prepare to be potentially smacked in the face by someone's swirling fan towel or have your chair kicked numerous times by the bratty 8 year old in the seat behind you.  Don't get me wrong  Enjoying the simple things in life." We took a tour through the stadium. The lady that did our tour was awesome she was very informative and fun. The kids had a blast with the mascot. I'm eating the Carolina Panthers Gift shop. The first day I went the box office agents didn't give us good directions on how to get to the store being that we were visitors. I never found the store. She kept saying around the corner it's very close by. Yeah it wasn't close by around the corner. Anyhow it was closed by then. Next day I finally got proper direction from the parking lot security. They have parallel parking in front of the store. Female Sales associate just pointed to the front of the store to show me the teen sized items. I must've looked lost because the cashier came over to me and actually showed me all of the teen selections and he deserves five stars. He was super friendly And very helpful. And I must say being that the store is at the stadium their prices amazed me. It wasn't a rip off at all. And excellent quality clothing. I got my son a Nike dri fit shirt for $9.99. I was shocked. Too bad the stadium wasn't open for a sneak peek. I love the Carolina Panthers & can't wait until the season begins!  I'll be at the home games! Thomas Davis & Luke Kuechly are the best! Go Panthers! The stadium is slack. I love the Panthers but its definitely not family friendly like many other studios I am used to.  P. Manning with hand over heart ( respect) and Newton did not show any respect. His  arrogance once again shows threw during national anthem.  Loooossssseee Carolina." 