In fact due to our experiences I'd steer clear of even buying a property they've listed or using them to as sellers agents. One employee actual told my wife and I that she doesn't check her email but every few weeks."  I was able to smoothly close on the house and become a homeowner."  as I have had a great experience working with a buyer's agent and a mortgage broker from the Squirrel Hill office." An additional positive: they did shovel the snow up to our doorstop." NEVER AGAIN WILL I RENT FROM THIS COMPANY."  but some of my envelopes that appeared like they had valuable things inside were sliced open" - I haven't got my deposit back yet and I have moved out for two weeks!" - Chuck the driver for the shuttle is cool."  but the response to repair work is amazing." I don't think this management company is honest or responsible at all!"  the management office at Walnut Capital worked with me very patiently to take care of all follow up business as I relocated twice before all final business was taken care of."  we were charged cleaning fees which we did not expect. On the flip side  unhelpful and unprofessional.  The agents do not listen to budget or move-in dates." No way will they get away with this. Do not rent from these Losers! How do they sleep at night" "I went to visit this place to see if it should be considered as a prospective place to rent. Bad decision. As soon as I was taking the tour of the property a huge huge waterbug was spotted in the model. I could only imagine what the other apartments looked like that were being lived in if a huge waterbug was seen in the model. Omg! I'm terrified of those things. So the lady showing me the model picks it up with a prop inside of the model FIRST OF ALL..... these apartments are NOT IN BALLANTYNE!!!!  This place has changed dramatically since I first moved in. It used to be quiet and peaceful. The genius who decided to design some of the apartments to where their bedroom is literally in the hallway of the building....Smh. I can hear EVERY...SINGLE...CONVERSATION that goes on in the hallway. You complain about noisy neighbors...they won't do anything about them. I have called the police multiple times on neighbors fighting I NOW HAVE ROACHES AND MY APARTMENT HAS ALREADY BEEN SPRAYED ONCE. I'M BEYOND DISGUSTED." It appears that cortland is reinvesting in this property in landscaping. My previous review was premature.  Tom "This place was awful since MOVING DAY. We go into sign the lease and they give us news that our three bedroom renovated apartment isn't ready . Of course. So they move us into a two bedroom for a week. Once we finally move into the apartment we were supposed to have the toilets didn't flush Nice place to live and good friendly moving staff. quick closing service request. Need a little more of customer service..But otherwise everything is super good :) will reccomend with no problem!!! :) Ask for Florie she's the best..  Thank you!! "Affordable and newly renovated. We really liked our Leasing Consultant Mike Reed he is very kind Never renting with them again... I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT!" I would say steer clear of these landlords." "By far the worst service I have ever had in my life. Miscommunications with this management company led me to a situation in which I was living out of my car for several months while attending U of I. I have worked in the service industry since high school and understand that sometimes Yelp is a place that people use to lash out on people and businesses based on a negative encounter that may not reflect the business in an accurate way. However  bad landlord even by the abominable Champaign standards."  who considers it reasonable to charge you for making phone calls to ask about the process. It is unfortunate that there are companies in this town that don't care about service Staff is not friendly. But otherwise the apartment on 5th and Springfield was clean  the worst landlord I have dealt with. No repair for at least several weeks if there is an emergency so I had to stay with my friend for a few days... But that's not the worst part. They start to show your apartment 2 or 3 month right after you sign the lease(If you don't believe me  I highly recommend it :-)  All the while reaffirming the useful message that anyone in their right mind should stay away."  and reps try to sell you on falsely representative units. You get a lot of space for your money  the security deposit situation sums up any relations with Barr: you get screwed."  leasing agents and maintenance men are always coming into your apartment to show it. One time I was resting in my bedroom and a maintenance man came into my apartment without knocking! And then today  but we were charged for them to be cleaned. That is outrageous and appalling. They even charged for items to be cleaned that were not included in our 'things to clean before move out' list. I would have cleaned it had I known I was supposed to." https://picasaweb.google.com/110253500433385469135/510SMattisApt107MoveOutPictures?authuser=0&feat=directlink"  one of the better large management companies on campus. People might know this because their apartments fill up fast.  Consequently there is usually no room for negotiation with these guys.  I will consider them for future apartments."  we pushed the office several times and they came up with several excuses. There was even a crack in the wall  JSM? Why are you doing construction in our units WHILE we are living here? Couldn't you have waited until a break and not impose yourself upon exams and busy schedules? Where are we supposed to sleep and eat and live if there's paint and sawdust everywhere and nowhere to walk? What are you supposed to do as a resident if you have severe dust allergies? It feels like I'm living in the Dust Bowl. I can't stop coughing and my nose burns. I read about you guys pulling this trick in the Tenant Union records  we found dirty carpet at move in) and a $60.00 maintenance charge to change the lock on the front door.   I'm sure they paid someone way less than $275.00 to clean an empty apartment!  Contrast with Tower at 3rd for a $40.00 move-out carpet cleaning."  it's clear that they never vacuum or clean the carpet.  I am very upset with not getting a full security deposit refund even after being an easy to work with and clean tenant." Who does long construction while people are living there? Where are we supposed to go? JSM staggered the floors so that there is perpetual construction for a semester. That's just not right." BzmMwgLV32zeQPwNaUUbtg  I put in countless requests for pest control as the roaches were swarming my unit. JSM has not responded to a single one. It is now the summer and they have yet to respond"  construction-free building. I'd rather live somewhere with a dirty laundry room if it means I won't be booted out of my actual unit nor have to go through the grueling process of destroying egg sacs and cold-treating and spraying and plastic bagging appliances and squishing and sweeping roaches and plucking them out of my bed."  IL.  Everything was ok after move in although the furnishings were dated and quite worn.  Considering it was college living we let a lot of things slide.  I was a bit disappointed at the cleanliness of the elevators and common areas as there were often broken beer bottles and garbage strewn about in the hallways and atrium.  Upon moving out and doing much of the cleaning ourselves to assure we'd receive the majority of our security deposit back ended up not being the case.  Although the cleaning check list was very extensive and honestly quite ridiculous we spent several hours tackling a great portion of the list.  Much to my surprise we were charged for the majority of the cleaning that we performed along with carpet cleaning and furniture cleaning (the same worn out couch we met at move in).  The real kicker was they charged us $75 for a fob and the rekeying of the front door  there were some SERIOUS mold on walls and carpet was disgusting. The apartment itself was disgusting'!! I fell sick the first week. Not to mention the place is infested with spiders! They do renovations in the apt in the middle of the semester which is UNACCEPTABLE they call themselves a ""convenience"" for students because they are near the university but they are not convenient AT ALL especially to move a student during mid semester while exams are going on! Not to mention  live  at one of their apartments. The maintenance staff is actually very nice and gets things done in a timely manner. The management office staff members are extremely rude and inefficient with their duties. Never do they apologize for something they had clearly done wrong- such as By far the worst place I ever loved at in my life. Do not live with them. They do not care at all about you. If they want to do construction they will do construction and by construction I mean 7am weekdays  and on Saturdays. If you want to be able to study and sleep on campus I advise you to live with another company. "Beware of a residential property being represented by Osselaer. They slow with inquiries and paperwork and will nitpick you on move out with a good amount of fees. Seriously I would give them 1 star but have been happy that Karen typically returns my call within 24 hours." "I own a property managed by the Osselaer for a little over a year now. I have had problems with my landscaping and have addressed my property manager for the sweetwater vista's as well as a letter to their president. The result? Nothing. It is like I am a joke to them. Their policy? As long as you send in your quarterly check they can go on ignoring you and downsize your simple requests. I am really..how hard is it to trim some bush's and turn on water trips. Sure I do not mind doing those things  yet they continued to send to that address.  Finally I got a letter from an attorney's office stating that there was a lien on my house due to unpaid sewer and HOA dues.  What morons I WOULD STRONGLY RECOMMEND AVOIDING THIS COMPANY AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  hopefully I don't get shot at.  I don't understand why this management company does not take responsibility and continues to not enforce the CC&Rs.  For nine years they kept sending me warnings about my garbage containers being exposed on my yard and a few weed warnings which was not true I will never again buy a property with management by Osselaer. this has left such a  bad taste in my mouth that I  will probably avoid a sudivision under any HOA"  high prices and a bad attitude at every level of the company. The solution is to work with your board or to get elected to your board and fix the problems yourself. If you permit a lousy vendor to make your life unhappy  nit picky thing and then when you go to pay online guess what? They ding you again with another 10 dollar online payment fee! And god forbid they would have a phone payment option. Update your technology and your slow unhelpful staff. Stay away from this company." I have a home in Osselaer managed subdivision the neighbor next-door has two cars that have not moved in more than three years and the management company refuses to help our neighborhood take some action. I believe we all move into management companies with the belief that they will help protect our home value.  In my opinion this company does not care about our home values.  I personally was sent a letter by an attorney that represented Osselaer saying in very stern language to not contact the management company about these cars anymore and to only contact the attorney herself. Very weak management company in my opinion. Steer clear of Mutual Managements community's. You will not be satisfied as an owner." Finally Greg has explained several times that I should not be concerned because the roofing tile doesn't protect my roof."  the Vice Presiden is nothing short of a liar and a bigot in my opinion.  I had many email conversations with him where he promises he would address it and later on does nothing about it. Lates is telling me I do not understand the English language due to me having an accent. This company needs to be out of business." "This is the worst company to deal with. I had a mold issue in my apartment and I emailed the CEO twice and left messages with the person in charge of my building and neither ever returned my calls. I mean If you are planning on moving into one of their properties dont. The woman named Celena Rodriguez is about as useful as the tooth fairy."  EVER again rent from any complex that is ""managed"" (and use that term VERY loosely)  won't return calls or emails. They were suppose to set up a web site for our community and that turned out to be a joke. One of the homes on our street is a total pig pen 