r1sLMV2DfDfJZ8HJMzKhow They have quality therapy people and many good and solid people working there that have a genuine concern and compassion for the clientele they serve. The problem is that it is not adaquetely staffed in numbers in the units. NURSES are more concerned with having power and control because they can rather than help. The administration is more concerned in the financial matrix rather than support their staff and that is both Nurses and Techs as well. Sadly there is a minority number of people on staff that are basically lacking of social skills and professionalism that bring down the quality of the work environment. I do not enjoy giving this rating and the caution to NOT work there but for the small minority that bring it down I have to give this low score. I hope that soon it can become a place that is a recommend work environment to work in. When I was released I looked like a totally different person. Like a beggar. I ran out of there as quick as possible. They tried to get me to fill out a survey but words cannot describe or a survey cannot say what a horrible experience I had in this place." Always had something condescending to say. He was arrogant as well and spoke down to every patient. He has NO business working with mentally ill patients. I am only brushing the surface here with this guy. I will never ever go back to this horrible place."  ""How is your day?"" or ""How have you been?"" Worst patient treatment. They never seem to keep things on record for the life of them. I came with my mom only for a referral for a skin doctor and have already waited 20 mins to get taken back "worst doctor's office I have ever been too. They let the  answering machine answer calls for days on end and never call back! Left 5 messages. Prescribed me a medicine my insurance doesnt cover and 3 weeks later still have not changed it This is my doctor and he is the BEST. He listens and does not push medication down your throat. He is involved and truly cares. Seeing a psychiatrist is new for me as I've only had one prior to Dr. Bueno due to moving. I heard Dr. Bueno was great; he is! He and my prior Doctor are like night and day. If you want off your medication; Dr. Bueno wants you off your medication too and he will help you along the way! Horrible! My son was referred to this guy and he seemed ok at first but then when my son called to get another appointment the dr wouldn't see him and they would give no reason and waited until only a few days prior to the appointment instead of letting him know at the time he called or soon after.  it says so in their on call service and I could hear someone in the background saying ""I'll fax in their prescription."" Yet they REFUSE to fax it simply because it is an online ordering service rather than a brick and mortar one. Absolutely disgusted with this practice and will be encouraging my wife to go elsewhere." 