 I'm an atheist and wouldn't buy anything for ""spells"" or ""rituals"" but they offer beautiful and interesting items for decoration." "Nice selection of incense and interesting decorations  make a point to visit!" "Fantasia is easily one of my favorite ""new age"" stores in the Valley. The staff is always helpful and glad to see you and the selection is amazing - it's hard to find stores with such a wide variety of statuary. The jewelry and stone collection is also impressive. The attached Northern Winds store has a great selection of books on all topics as well as jewelry and ritual items you can't usually find. I always start here when I'm looking for something."  this place will likely have it for sale Wonderful smelling incense is sold at this place but that's not the only thing they sell.  I can still smell the essence of the incense at home even days after I burned it.   When you walk into Fantasia  you're greeted right away and everyone is very helpful and friendly.  but I cannot comment more on the topic as that wasn't my main interest for going to the store.  I would say it is definitely a worth a look though  friendly staff. Overall a very pleasant experience...but too easy to spend a ton of money due to their great selection!"  willing and wanting to help. Prices are extremely reasonable.  The only thing I haven't tried is one of the readers or psychics but I have heard nothing but amazing things about them." "I love this store. Great crystals "I have been going to this store since 1992. I had moved here from NYC and was used to going to great crystal and magic stores who catered to serious pagans and other healers in the 1980's. this store is the best in phoenix. If you're looking for books Good to know it's there and I'll definitely be sharing the info with friends!"  I go here for the incense. Sometimes I grab so oil since there a bit cheaper here. They always greet you when you come in and have some palm/tarot or whatever reader on duty. I guess its seperate but there is also a tiny bookstore inside. Once in awhile I'm in and out but with all the things they have you can't help but browse it all."  including some herbs. The staff will typically have very good answers to any questions you may have. There are classes available. There are psychic resdings. I keep going back I went here for my first time today and it was beautiful! Staff is easy to talk to and super friendly. They have so many cool things. Great shop for anybody following a spiritual path. They also offer a wide variety of classes that I can't wait to try out. Reasonably priced and comfortable atmosphere. "This is my spot to get some crystals and other metaphysical items.  They have great loose gems and some pure natural essential oils too!  Love the incense and the chakra gems.  Beautiful figurines too - Buddha "Absolutely amazing customer service. The woman there today was so helpful and I really appreciated it! Great selection  and willing to teach me about the extensive collection of minerals  make a point of stopping in and checking it out."  and willing to teach me about the extensive collection of minerals This is a great shop!" SI3pSSDeGcuY2PyJ0BII5A  CA this thanksgiving and enjoyed stopping here. Wide array of spiritual and magical goodies and tools...i did particularly enjoy there used books and crystals as well as there sweet staff. Great energy here" Great place and reasonable prices. The staff is really knowledgeable as well.  so be forewarned! The more expensive stones and decorative pieces are behind glass display cases; and there are some beauties!. They have a great selection of music  and much more. The prices were very reasonable "This place has a very friendly atmosphere. The workers were so sweet and helpful when I was asking questions. They were also very friendly with everyone that came into the shop. There were tons of books to choose from "Great selection of stones and crystals in all shapes and sizes. Knowledgeable staff. The only reason that I'm not giving a 5 star rating is because I wasn't treated too well upon checking out. After being helped with questions about their items by 2 very nice employees  unfortunately on Saturday the poor counter woman was dealing with a rude customer in a busy store. They could use more help. If you go be patient." "Great place for collectors of Egyptian and Norsk items.  They also have great psychic reading specials 20 minutes for $15.00.  I had a female that was struck by lightning survivor give me a reading.  Unique perspective and did not feel like she fed me a bunch of crap.  She also claims to be a pet psychic This is my favorite metaphysical store by far in the state of AZ. Even compared to the shops in Sedona - Fantasias selection of stones and prices can't be beat in my opinion. The staff is super knowledgeable and friendly. They are not pretentious like many other metaphysical related stores can be. They also have a nice magick herb section. I feel good about spending my energy and money here. I can't say that about many other metaphysical stores. "This was a cute and fun place. The staff were extremely helpful and I found great sage sticks  all of which fairly priced.  This is my go-to store when I am looking for a specialty stone or need a large quantity of stones for grids and gifting.  It is also the only place we were able to find amber teething necklaces for my nephew.  They also have a variety of other items 