 I also really like supporting the local organization that's responsible for Uptown's development. If only there was a PBR festival...!"  but I appreciate that they try to bring Charlotte together (as we're a large group of transplants). In addition to the events George & Dragon!? Go home  but I just don't feel safe on it. I used to take the metro bus from Gilbert to Mesa every day for a while and I felt safer on that then I do on the light rail and the bums who ride the bus don't ask me for money either." One star...I don't know what the public transportation solution is for Phoenix but this isn't it."  greener (even though we have a hybrid) and no parking hell to deal with.  That is a beautiful thing now that parking downtown is so expensive.  This is awesome and today marked the grand opening.  The trains are running on 19th Ave and it's really kind of nice to hear it a couple of blocks away when outside.  Calming."  and the representative was super pleasant and helpful. I strongly suggest if you don't want to deal with parking issues with the downtown location If you're coming for a new or replacement social security card you need to go to Suite B NOT the main office. When you pull into the parking lot turn left and follow the road around. Suite B is located in the back left side of the building. The security guard will search your belonings so leave your guns and drugs at home. The staff was very friendly and I was in and out in about 45 minutes. If your changing your name like I was you will have to wait 48 hours before you to go to the MVD to get an updated licence to allow their system to process the change. I was told I'll receive my new card in the mail in 2 weeks.  once my name was called to get a new SS card ordered for me in said last name. I pray that I never have to come back to this place again after that crazy experience. Plus it was FREEZING! What the crap?"  and all in all it should be a quick visit!!"  and your phone must be kept on silent.  You may also want to call ahead to check their hours as they close early on certain days of the week.  Good luck!" I recommend coming later around closing time cause no one is really there especially on Friday. Also I brought in my passport and other IDs. They don't really need much. They will just ask you a few questions." "Pretty clean facility. Fast and prompt service. Very friendly staff. I just got married and needed to change my last name on my social security card. I was in and out of the office in less than 5 minutes "People who works there need to be more happier and have smile on their face.  Overall services were quick  other than the fact I had to ditch my coffee as they don't allow you to bring any liquids into the building.  It would be better if they at least had a coffee machine inside  just know what side of the building you need to beat the heat!" "I thought it would be a long wait. I went two years ago and waited a few minutes outside then a couple hours inside before being helped. Today I had to go again to update my status from resident to citizen. I got there at 8:30am (Friday) and waited outside in a long line. At 8:55 they started letting people in. I finally got inside just after 9am. I just sat down when a lady directed me to an open window. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes. For the wait outside In and out in 10 minutes flat (On a Monday at 10AM). Took me longer to drive there. Needed a new card. The security guard was friendly (and adorable!) and the agent who assisted me (Gloria) was just the sweetest! I didn't even make it into the door into sweet b. The Security guard was highly disrespectful. I decided to go to the south Phoenix location instead. I would rather wait longer than deal with that so early in the morning.  so I went home and collected everything I was told.  The third time I was again told I needed different paperwork and to bring the kids with me.  The fourth time everything was finally processed - it only took an hour.  This was an hour once I got to a window  you're not shoulder to shoulder with a bunch of people. I got in at about 9:20am and was out by 9:40am. Only if every government service was this easy."  waited in a short line and got seen within 30 minutes. The security guard was super nice and so was the lady that checked me in. Granted I was here for a name change 