 or none.  And I found that it's safer to take a bus in the snow  it's a transit system.  It's job is to get you from point A to point B and PAT does reasonably well at it.  I ride the 61A or the 61B (whichever comes first) to work.  My husband and I also use it when going to the Pirates or Penguins games or to the theater.  It's cheaper than gas and parking."  the unions need to stop strangling the cash out of the Port Authority. I mean seriously......bus drivers making 90k a year? Something is wrong with that."  which are pretty cool if not old."  $75 for a Zone 1 pass is a LOT of money when you're paid minimum wage--which I'm sure is the case for many passengers."  and MTS 992 bus in San Diego.  what i like about it is that its got its own busway...which makes a lot of sense when there's so much traffic.  and it links you up to all the major areas in the city."  a pretty good system."  I've found the buses to be dependable and convenient. Pittsburgh has punishingly complex topography- it's full of craggy valleys  and the state and county's perennial budget problems have caused several funding crises in recent years." Learn from the CTA. I have a new appreciation for Chicago Transit Authority."  etc... its not going to run as efficiently as areas that are built on a grid system that makes logical sense - its more difficult to get around everything. Gotta give them some slack!! and The bus drivers have always been great too!" Fares keep going up. Another service cut this month. I think I'd rather walk to work in the middle of the night! 2.  Bus drivers could adjust their driving speeds to avoid bunching." But my absolutely best memory of the Port Authority has to be my first day back in Pittsburgh in 2006. I had decided to skip staying in the dorms and opted to go even cheaper by renting an apartment nearby. I had just arrived and was getting to know my roommates. We went for a walk around campus and ended up somewhere just NW of the school. It started to downpour and as we were scurrying for cover  for saving me from driving."  we live in Pittsburgh.  It's cold or raining or miserable most of the year.  I would gladly take fewer stops in exchange for heated bus shelters.  It would also be nice if these imaginary shelters could have bus arrival information.  Pitt's on the right track with their bus shelters at the Cathedral--take note."  it would take me the exact amount of time to drive in out to work.  So honestly ... I treat PAT like I treat Airplane travel.  I get there when I get there ... as lone as I get there safely the on-time part is something I have learned to stop prioritizing as long as I'm riding a PAT bus.  ((Seriously tho  I'll be hoofing it across the East End instead of buying a bus pass.  It will be cold I don't own a car so it's really my only mode of transportation since we can catch cabs here like in a normal city. I'd be lost without it  my main complaint is that they do not have a designated area for luggage on the 28X bus.  I understand that these buses weren't made to go to the airport P.S. I didnt even want to give it ONE star."  the 28X doesn't pick up passengers coming from downtown into Oakland (or drop them off in the reverse direction.) Very frustrating i visited pittsburg for 3 days and rode the metro      problem is im 74 yrs old the sign say seniors with medicaid card or state id ride free    they would not accept my new york state drivers license this has my birth date on it    person in booth was very rude and also i think he could not read    this left a bad taste for pittsburg    you need fo revise your signs The bus drivers are a miserable bunch I bought a home over 3 and half years ago because it was on a bus line. One  year after they cut that  route after being there over 50 years. I think the way they operate is beyond poor and every year there is a far increase now i have to drive to a park in ride. You never know what you going to intale every day on teh bus. Ive been taking for about 10 years now and i think ive seen everything to the pee smell to no air to no heat to arguements between drivers and riders. If they continue on this path there will be no service to downtown just people who live in the city. They crossed out the suburbs. It should be the port authority of pittsburgh not allegheny county. The only thing is can say is the port authority drivers do a great job putting up with what they got. Oh and did i mention i cant tell you how many times they have broken down. Now they have a federal grant for the connectcard about time. Its only been in new york and dc for years!!! I am sure there will be lots of bugs in this system to  the fare doubled in a decade and the service was cut in half.  The county refuses to fund it.  Getting on and off is confusing.  When to pay is confusing.  The schedules are hard to read.  The service isn't frequent enough.  The subway system only goes to one neighborhood from downtown.  This is horrible and it's one of the main things keeping Pittsburgh from being as great a city as it can be.  Call center people are sometimes rude and mostly unresponsive.  What else?  The buses smell like urine.  Sucks TIP: Download the Tiramisu app for real-time bus tracking. Worked great while I was there I stood outside for waiting for the 71c outbound scheduled to come by around 4:50. At 5:05 I decided to walk into a coffee shop to keep warm since the bus didn't show up until 5:10. I can go on forever..."  reasonable fares and friendly service you will need to go somewhere else.  And no place for children as the language on the buses would make a sailor blush.  And in 14 years of riding Port Authority I have never seen a uniformed Port Authority officer riding a bus."  you have to wait like a whole hour for the next bus to come! They also cut back bus services and lay off all these bus drivers. Pathetic!!!! ALSO MOST OF THE BUS DRIVERS ARE PLAIN RUDE AND COMPLAINING TO PORT AUTHORITY DOES NO GOOD! WHY DO THESE IDIOTS STILL HAVE JOBS IF THEY DON'T KNOW HOW TO TREAT CUSTOMERS? VERY INCONVENIENT! IF I HAD A CAR  I hope this complaint will help injured parties make a case for negligent retention or negligent supervision against the Port Authority." 000 people would be in downtown for the 4th of July.  I wish someone had informed the Port Authority of this.  Maybe then they would have had more than one bus running every 20 minutes after the fireworks.  Every single bus stop in downtown had about 300 people waiting for the already overcrowded buses.  If a bus actually did stop (some were so full  the T (light rail) should be expanded to run east-west along the busways  but can't update their online system for smart phones to be able to determine where a bus is located at? I waited two hours today in the freeZing cold to get to work. Had to call off it was just to cold out!" I wish there was a better transit option in the Pittsburgh area or the infrastrucure of the city (roads  I'm disappointed as a new resident without a car to have discovered Pittsburgh to be such a car-centric city when there are so many ways the Port Authority could be improved and expanded. As I write this I'm half an hour late to work due to a late 28x - if you need to be somewhere  I'm disappointed as a new resident without a car to have discovered Pittsburgh to be such a car-centric city when there are so many ways the Port Authority could be improved and expanded. As I write this I'm fifteen minutes late to work due to a late 28x - if you need to be somewhere "The Pittsburgh bus system finally has real time tracking.  Be sure to download one of the apps (PAT Realtime Tracker or Transit)  thanks to it being free.  I wouldn't pay to use the bus.  And speaking of paying It's good if you want to wait 10 hours for a bus or trolley which I had to do all day long it gets worse you can't get wifi connection ether also the bus drivers are sometimes jerks  and we didn't have to hire a bunch of taxi's or Ubers to get around." Big league cities need big league transportation.  Get in the game Small station.  Outdated for the volume of traffic handled.     But a nice gentleman volunteer opens the door for you. The Station here in Charlotte is one of the most charming Amtrak stations I have had the pleasure of traveling through. History is what you find awaiting you as soon as you enter. Step back and absorb the true rustic details of character as you transition on to your destination.  the low hassle and freedom on board totally outweighs any of the seediness that comes with this form of low income travel."  but it certainly is functional. I'm sure I will be seeing it again in the future!" Not my favorite Amtrak location.  It's kinda dingy and in a not so nice location.  I will continue to use this station as it's the only one in Charlotte.... but it's nothing to write home about.  I give 3 stars.  Parking is atrocious and the taxi cabs keep you from picking up your passenger in front of the station.  This is a big problem for our seniors!  The station is always clean but when it is crowded I love riding Amtrak and the Charlotte station does their best to make it a good experience."  he was in business class so they gave drinks and they had some food options for him. He liked being able to get up and walk around and having all that freedom...he said he will definitely recommend it! So since it's dad approved...see ya soon  Amtrak!" "Took Amtrak from Durham to Charlotte to see the Panther Saints game. On the return trip we were stopped by a broken down N&S freight train on the single track around High Point. We didn't move for an hour and a half. Several weeks later I took the train to see the Panthers 49ers play.  The return trip was delayed because earlier in the day the train had run over two people in Durham and Greensboro. We were supposed to leave Charlotte at 5:15. By 6:30 they couldn't tell us any status about when the train would arrive. ""Could be 8. Could be 9. It might never show up."" I had to spend the night in Charlotte and catch the next morning's train. On the return we were 15 mins outside of Durham when the train came to a halt. There was a sensor issue that had to be investigated. Never Accessibility notes: Doors open in. Ramps are plentiful. Well-lit. Braille signage. Ticket counters are high." Terrible train. Take a flight if going from Charlotte to raleigh. Drive. Megabus. Whatever.  Staff are totally rude.  No southern hospitality whatsoever.  #government  Amtrak is managing with what they're forced to work with at the moment." "Nice people doing a good job in a really dilapidated facility. The Charlotte station is badly in need of a major renovation. For those of us using Amtrak frequently  and they definitely made the experience better. I just wish that the visuals and the feeling I got from being there were more positive."  but be prepared to mortgage your house to buy one. Pretty positive experience. I honestly don't know enough about trains to tell you if they are more or less prone to delays than airplanes. Thinking about taking the train next time I travel!"  I would not want to leave my car here.  One great thing about this station though is the view of Uptown Charlotte from the platform  there doesn't seem to be a ton of people which is nice. It's a little rundown as people note. Parking is also a frustration. However it does serve its purpose which is to intuitively bring passengers to their destinations." You'll find all the accommodations for the actual train that you would at any Amtrak location 