"I have said it on other sites and will repeat here. You MUST try their burgers. They are juicy and delicious with a bun that is perfect. Another must are the fries with Guinness gravy and if you haven't had enough go for the ultimate sleeper  but the beer was cold and the food was amazing.  I would recommend paddy's to anyone."  Smithwicks and Harp on tap..."  I would. I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy  that's not what this place is about.  It's a town Irish bar and it serves great solid Irish fare and suds to the locals.  And it does it better than anyone.  I go back again and again."  that they had to keep that same curmudgeon of a bartender that ruins the experience. Can somebody notify me once they get rid of him?"  they have cold Guinness. And Irish music.  And fun patrons." First stop on the Munhall Beer Crawl 2011. It was just a local dive with local beers. No microbrews or imports." With all of the other options in the area Very friendly local dive bar. There is nothing special going on here but friendly folks and cold beer. This is exactly the kind of place I like to hang out in.  and fair prices-- nice casual place. The service can be a little slow due to how popular the place gets at peak times." They have a ten dollar minimum for credit cards  only good. Justin was satisfied with his meal. Its a good place to eat if you live in the neighborhood but I wouldn't recommend going out of your way." Great Bar in the up and coming Homestead area.....Highly recommend"  and this has become a favorite. I've had the Hot Roast Beef & Fries and the Corned Beef on Rye Stopped by on a Mon evening after trying to dine at Smoke Taqueria which is closed Mondays. Parking on street in front or behind off Hay St. Super friendly bartender. In warmer months they have huge outdoor area & big screen & upstairs cornhole game area. Okay draft beer selection and big bottle selection. Tried the italian club which was really good - two of us split one. Also tried sweet potato fries - amazingly good! Home made chips w bleu were overpowered by sauce. Bathroom was in need of plaster and wall repairs & was grossed out by toilet brush holder on a shelf near toilet at eye level. Bet it's a fun place in warmer months. Awesome wings and pubgrub! Great beer selection and fun bartenders. This place is overrated. A friend and I were looking forward to a beer and some good bar food- instead the wings were terrible and the beer was good but overpriced. There's nothing wrong with this place I just don't understand the clout around it. There should be no clout.  but the food was average at best.  We were there on a Pens Playoff night and there were 2 people working all the tables in both rooms.  Our food came to us cold and unimpressive at that.  Our orders were somewhat mixed up.  The potato skins used a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing.  I tasted a slice of pizza  and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders (ie I'll definitely be back since I live in the area." "Duke...the owner...is the man.  He's a true Pittsburgher and he loves everyone from Pittsburgh.  He looks like he'll beat you up but he's a softy with a big heart.  Look for the bald guy with the raspy voice and make friends...he'll hook you up.  He's also totally into the development of other Pittsburgh businesses and he hosts events for local startups.  Ask him for a tour of the old Eat n Park next door...I believe his intention is still to turn it into an incubator of sorts.  Fortunately I'd say Duke's is a good place to drink "Food is good here. Great beer selection on tap. Sometimes the beer is on the pricey side. What I want from a neighborhood bar is a neighborhood special. Pinkerton is one of the best sandwiches. Good place to watch football  I wish I could purchase it. I am not a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great & reminds me of a fatheads sandwich. Food portion is great. The only complaint I would have if any is the craft beer is a little on the pricey side "Came back tonight after a hiatus and missing out on getting food from the Franktuary truck at Voodoo Homestead. I was going to get a burger until I saw on the back of the menu that they do prime rib on Saturday evenings. For $19 you got a large cut of meat Was not over fried. The French fries were hot and also very good. We will definitely be going again to try something different." I've always been treated with a welcoming vibe from the staff and I don't have any complaints."  is the vast improvement in draft beer selection. I counted 46 beers on tap. If you are a beer head and are at the Waterfront shopping are I find it frustrating to read bad reviews about great bars and restaurants that are based on almost nothing. I eat and drink here about once a month and everything is great. I have eaten here around 50 times and never had a bad meal. Great draft and great service. This is the best bar in this area. I am looking forward to returning to Duke's this summer when I can sit outside and enjoy some craft beer and those delicious wings." The chili dogs rock!  The portions are huge so come hungry.  Big selection of appetizers that go beyond the standard bar food list.  Great selection of draft beer.  Noise level is good for lunch but may be loud for dinner. Love dukes and love the food. I wish i could figure out the closing times or i wouldnt plan so many after work gatherings. Their food is amazing never had a bad meal and their prices are standard for crafts and actually pretty cheap for domestic  and the staff! I highly suggest it to everyone who likes good beer and good food!" My youngest son had chicken tenders. They looked a little over cooked but I tasted one and it was good. The coating was crispy and the chicken was juicy. My older son ordered wings with their house made sauce. It was good but not spicy enough for him. I thought it was good and would order it the next time I go." Onion rings were horrible. Extremely breaded and doughy. Greasy as all get out. I hope the chef will take the hint when all of the breading comes back What a cool place in Homestead. Love the environment and the food was really good. Stop here then head to the Waterfront to see a movie. It will be a great night.  steak on the salad was ice cold even though we were asked how we wanted it cooked so I assumed it was cooked to order and would come out at least warm. The inside of the place was clean and neatly decorated so that is a positive. Really loud place inside. I'd come here for the awesome draft selections but might pass on the food."  good prices and selection on beer and solid service. Geographically not in the most convenient of locations though  but tasty enough.  Pleasant atmosphere and bartender was very friendly.  Would like to go back when the weather is better and the back deck is open.  Overall The transformation of this place is beyond amazing. If you haven't been there in a while you owe it to yourself to check it out. Clean and consistent. Friendly and fresh. Hands down our favorite place to eat in the area. Decent beer selection. Waitress was very pleasant and attentive. Bar staff not so much this visit. We were ignored until I grabbed a table in the back. Neither of us weren't very happy about this. Possibly a no standing policy since there was only one empty chair at the bar? At least say something acknowledge the customer that has been standing clearly in your view for 10 min obviously waiting for a drink."  the outdoor section is also really spacious and great for warm weather days. Beer selection is great and the bartenders waitstaff are ALWAYS on their game. When I come with large groups I find that the waitresses are always very attentive and quick on their feet. If I had one minor complaint it would be with the food. Some people might like it but when it comes to appetizers I just find that they go wayyyy overboard with the greasiness breading. I would highly recommend Duke's to anyone who is looking to mix it up."  carnivores.  Top notch beer selection and specials.  enjoyed a lot of good bands here too.  nice people My husband and I frequent the Park House on game nights.  The crowd tends to be friendly and social  I was here to check out the place after the hospital mentioned it was a cool bar.  I think all the hype from my colleagues was not justified.........Not a great menu  especially the Middle Eastern selections." This is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh. They have  been getting a lot of bands to play. Especially font of the Wednesday night Blue Grass jam night. The hummus is great. The staff is exceptionally friendly and knows my name. They have a great beer selection too.  the edginess of Ireland and the heart of folk all bended together (for 2-4 mins depending on the blender) and you my friends have the Park House."  this place is on the small side and it isn't loaded with  tv's (though it does have two small ones above the bar.) This is a great bar to get together with friends YRDKsBFYP7G0E8BLJKIkvA  with interesting patrons. The drinks are super cheap - and I was pleasantly surprised when I got my bill. There are peanut shells all over the place It's definitely a great place to chill out with friends on a Saturday night  we landed at Park House. Load me up with some more drinks and the free popcorn and peanuts (which you can just toss the scraps on the floor). I'm sold!! The beers were reasonably priced and this was the type of place where you can gather with friends and just hang out. No pressure at all. The lighting wasn't too dark so it felt intimate where you were sitting. Seems like a neighborhood bar where everyone knew each other. If I find myself in the area again I would head to Park House though there was the occasional creeper but I guess you can find them anywhere." I haven't completely written this place off.  I'll just try again during the week." Downside?  It's a little pricey  but I will absolutely join my friend in support of his quest for the mug." "Really great place to go. There was bluegrass music playing when I went which was a pleasant surprise. It wasn't too loud  combined with the groups of jolly patrons at the surrounding tables and it's no surprise this is a popular I like that this bar is really low key and has a great selection of ciders. I reccomend it as a nice out of the way place or a way to get into the Norhside if you haven't already.  and enjoy the friendly atmosphere at the Park House!" Love it there and would encourage those interested in a bar atmospher with a twist to try it. You won't be disappointed." Over all it's a great bar the owner is a nice guy and you're going to have a great time."  which is the best in town. But I just had the Golani the other night and it was astounding. It's a spinach and cheese patty Bring your appetite and your friends down for a night of great company and amazing atmosphere... I'm fairly certain that you won't be disappointed!"  Wednesday night is banjo night which always draws a crowd. Definitely a hipster bar. Food is fresh & worth trying. Get a dish that includes the house humus." All in all The Park House is a decent spot to hangout! I will definitely be back!!" I would go back just not for the music."  and decent service will keep us stopping in whenever we're in the area and looking for a small snack and a few drinks."  this bar would be my first suggestion.  It has a much younger feel compared to James St. and Max's  especially with his food. Everything he creates is right behind the bar freshly and carefully prepared. If you like any type of Middle Eastern   Mediterranean food including hummus "I was here for the well-known bluegrass night on a Wednesday a couple weeks ago and had a pretty good time. A friend met up with me here and we were able to enjoy the live music close to the bar and actually meet a few of the locals. I enjoyed the crowd- it seemed to mostly consist of 20 and 30 somethings If you are in the area  always good beers on tap and great Mediterranean food.  I started coming here because a friend was bar-tending and it's become one of my favorites on the north side.  I recommend the gyro if you are eating...or anything really." The bar ambiance seemed cool though. So if you are looking for a bar atmosphere "I went here for Bluegrass night following Banjo Night at the nearby Elks Club. What a fun night!!! It is a very fun  and instead of typical bar food they lean towards Greek dishes. The blue grass jam on Wednesdays is a lot of fun and not too loud to still enjoy a conversation. Decent beer prices Hope you enjoy the hole in the wall as much as I did!"  and the live bluegrass on Wednesday nights is totally worth coming out for alone ($2 Yuengling specials for a girl on a budget does not hurt  good menu with not just the regular bar food. Recommend."  so that was fun. The staff was incredibly nice. Only complaint was the prices were a little high. But maybe that's because we're from Wisconsin. Maybe it's normal for here? Either way YRDKsBFYP7G0E8BLJKIkvA Wednesday Bluegrass special  9pm-Midnight $2 Yuengling Drafts" "I hesitate to leave this review simply because I'm afraid my favorite local spot will get too popular! The Park House is awesome. The food is simple and tasty and the beer selection is great. Not sure what you want? Jeremy or one of the other super friendly and knowledgeable bartenders will give you a taste and help you decide. Not hungry enough for dinner but want some snacks with your beer? Peanuts and popcorn are on the house. Trivia on Tuesdays and Bluegrass on Wednesdays are both a great time. Finally YRDKsBFYP7G0E8BLJKIkvA I love you Park House. You're always so good to me. You treat me right. Your spirits warm my soul. Your beers fill my belly. I've taken so much and all I can give back to you is this shitty review.  tout  l'heure.  but in the future we will pass on the food." "Gyros are delicious! Called for a pick up order and it was ready in 10 minutes. They also have a nice beer selection. Bluegrass night on Wednesdays gets pretty crowded YRDKsBFYP7G0E8BLJKIkvA All I can say was I was disappointed. But I have been here when there was a band "This place is a dump. Being new to Pittsburgh we bought a bunch of Groupons to try new places in town. We decided to check out the Park House for a bite to eat and a few drinks. What a joke. Even though the Groupon included menu items "Went to see a friend's band play and grab a bite to eat. I haven't been here in a while and don't remember the menu having a Mediterranean flair. I ordered the Savvy Serbian which was perfectly grilled with swiss cheese and a roasted red pepper spread on a challah roll. (I think that's what the roll was called.) Either way Peanut allergic people: note the mention of a giant bin of peanuts." Awesome joint for some good light food and some amazing beers. Owner does a great job offering some top shelf beer on draught and in bottles. Free peanuts and popcorn thrown in for great customer service. The place doesn't ever say they offer 4 star cuisine so don't complain when you don't get it. Grab a drink and relax in an awesome old school bar.  but The Park House has been quietly serving up the best falafels in the city for years. The menu is eclectic but accessible - nice mix of worldly Middle-Eastern fare alongside classic pub grub. It's clear that the owner - a gregarious Israeli man who goes by Z - takes a lot of pride in his food  carnivores. Top notch beer collection and specials. Loved lots of great groups here also." "Wednesday night is bluegrass music night. Awesome vibe and cheap $2 yuengling drafts until 11. The small stage in the back is right next to the free peanuts so you can throw peanuts at the performers.  They like that !  lol  they have hot dogs too...soooo many choices.  I came with a group and we all easily satisfied our hot dog cravings.  I had the veggie dog with cheese  it just seems like a neighborhood place with a twist.  A coronary twist.  So good....." "This place was great! I was a little bit let down by the Chicago hot dog as it had too much mustard. That said Something about it is gimmicky to me but I'll let it go. Might as well stop here first before going to see a movie across the street..." Last time I was there someone said the pizzas looked good. Next time." The hot dogs?  None of us were gushing about them afterward.  But they're ok.  4 stars for the beer selection."  depending on the server you get. The place is very relaxed. The food isn't particularly memorable. I enjoy the fish sandwih. Fries are good. It's great for groups. It can get quite busy."  but the beer options and good prices help to make up for it. This seems like an easy-going neighborhood bar good beer selection- both on tap and in the beer cave. located in a nice neighborhood.  the chili cheese dog is fantastic and so are the fries!! "D's is a family friendly bar with a great selection of beers "Their chicken BBQ pizza is among the greaseiest I've ever consumed  imported and otherwise. Service has always been decent and better. Sports agames are often on the TV so get ready for that. Atmosphere is pretty neat- there's a weird mural in the larger seating area that's worth a peek and a air duct in top of the room that's cleverly painted like a wooden beam- can't get over that. I am a fan. Go here- then go catch a movie at Regent Square theater up the street." I will visit this place frequently."  but you come here for the sheer selection of those beers. An enormous beer cave makes one feel like a kid in a beer store. Unfortunately "Very very VERY good beer selection. I liked going into the ""beer cave"" and finding a wide selection of Belgian beers including ones that I hadn't seen since studying abroad in Paris. Hot dogs were excellent  I've seen mostly families taking advantage of D's great prices and groups of friends chatting and sharing drinks.  It's definitely not a place to go to see and be seen Sick tap selection.  Better than anything in D.C. where I currently live.  I was shocked.  So many Stone beers as well as other breweries that I rarely see.  Went here twice while visiting Pittsburgh.  I liked the scene here.  It was low-key and people were polite.  The hotdogs were great.  I had the Chicago dog.  I loved the peppers they put on the dog; not sure what they were.  I definitely recommend this place if you like craft beer. "Even though they were out of the first beers we asked for (the Dogfish Punkin) this place hit the spot for a junk food craving. Vegetarians: the veggie dog is awesome  but if you're looking for the best bar food- this is it. If you're looking for the best beer selection- you can't find anything better. Good selection on tap and amazing variety in the beer cave (they say it's ~1000 different beers). Some say Sharp Edge has better on tap...but their food is terrible."  D's Chicago Dogs are one of my faves on their menu.  D's also makes a mean chili which is good on your dawgs or pomme frites.  Not to mention the plethora of beer!! They have almost every beer imaginable (unfortunately not on tap). D's is a local favourite and is definitely worth a try when visiting Pittsburgh." "D's is a legend in beer in Pittsburgh. The selection can't be beat and the food is unique and a style all its own. Thanks's for the years of beers This place is family and group friendly  it's got cole slaw and french fries on it."  and the beer cave...mmmm.  My only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!" "One of the few reasons I may miss Pittsburgh when I go to grad school. The hot dogs are piled on high with the best  I would have totally sampled some of the fine brews they had stocked away.  What I did enjoy was the friend zucchini.  It was hot from the fryer when it got to our table  stocking without pretense; Miller and Unibrau.  The hot dogs are good.  The beer is unfortunately not so cheap; six packs aren't much cheaper than just buying four or five beers.  Bad for groups more that four people; great for two or three." Beware of the yellow mustard though. After several washings Hot dogs with mac n cheese on them."  and a cheese sauce. It oddly worked and I enjoyed the meal before I had to hit the road. The fries our table shared was also a winner as they were crispy and uniformly cut and fluffy potato goodness in the middle. Definitely a great cheap eats spot." Awesome beer awesome dogs. Hm.. hungry. I'm going there now." 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g Oh! And did I mention the beer selection isn't too shabby? Watermelon beer in the summer...mouth watering." Terriffic neighborhood place for a small group to grab some terribly unhealthy food and try some new beers."  I would definitely come back again and again." * and by ""good"" I mean ""good for PA"" where liquor laws are an absurd kafkaesque mess and a lindeman's geuze is about as interesting as it gets (for like $15 You can't beat their beer selection. Make sure to visit the beer cave while you are there and their section of take-out beer for an even larger selection."  I usually get 2 of their Chicago dogs and a couple orders of chili fries when I'm with a bunch of people. The best part of D's is their beer cave. It is packed with beers all over the world. This was the only place I could find Perkuno's Hammer before it got retired. You can find bottles of literally anything here. The best part is that you can grab a 6-pack and just fit any 6 beers in it to go or have them for the table."  let's just say that there are more selections than you can imagine (... they claim 1000+!!!)"  go here if you want a great beer selection and good bar food.  It's always pretty busy and the service is good!" I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is in the Pittsburgh area or anyone who is crazy enough to drive 7 hours for a hot dog." (The Monroeville location is better  all the right high-quality toppings and a fresh-tasting bun. The pub fries sealed the deal though - a huge pile of fries with generous helpings of perfectly-melted cheese and just-soft-enough-just-crispy-enough bacon. My friend and I could have shared the large order of Pub Fries and been just fine. I saw someone's sandwich across the bar  though they've opened the ""loft"" upstairs that seems to have a full bar - I haven't been there." "I think their beer selection is much more impressive than their hot dog selection. although  it is awesome.  All the Belgian beer a girl could want.  And the wings.  And oh  and it seems like the servers congregate in one place and leave the other vacant at any given time. Very nice people though."  I'm not sure why anyone would go to a hot-dog joint and expect good service.  So ignore anyone talking about hot-dogs and come here for the beer. Finally Cons: Sometimes crowded and loud" The service can be a little hit or miss due mostly to the sheer amount of business they do on a Friday or Saturday night."  help and general vibe of this little joint was spot-on. If you're in the 'Burgh  its resulting greatness in D's. This probably has the biggest selection of anywhere I've been and the food is great too. Every loaded fries that passed hooked my eyes like I'd been celibate for a year. Take a dollar off for take-out beer too. I love the descriptions in the menus and how every hot dog is the same price." Amazing. One of the best ever for bad to the bone great bar food. Sidenote: I highly recommend D's Sixpax for someone's 21st birthday to pick out a six-pack from their epic selection of brews. (Also  buttery. So sorry but this weenie came up flat too. I did like the Mason Dixon! The crunchy-ness of the coleslaw made a huge difference but the meat was still chewy and too salty. Could it be that I am too picky when it comes to my meat? If I am shopping for picnic eats I do go for Smith hot dogs WITH the casing or the large sized Hebrew Nationals. Now those are the mouthwatering crowd pleasers I'm talkin' about!"  but they seriously do something very special to them that I cannot figure out." Draft Belgian beer and a Mason Dixon dog. This place is magical."  which is cool. I am not a beer drinker but the beer cave is so impressive! I'm sure I could have found something special but wasn't in a browsing mood. Another thing This place is pretty good! they serve a selection of creatively topped dogs and some of the best greasy fries I have had in awhile. enough said!  Time to go drink some beer and devour this dog!  great beer and root beer.  amazing election of bottled beer.  Staff is nice and this place is super kid friendly.  Order the veggie Chicago dog. Yum and messy too so watch your feet."  stop by in the afternoon on a Saturday or Sunday for a great local vibe."  bring a growler or buy one of theirs. Prices are reasonable and the selection is outstanding." n7DOwcTqsJ5LGc_L9nr-Zg  but I'm tired of the abuse from waitstaff who look annoyed that I'm even there.  If this was just a once-in-a-while occurrence  and there's an awful lot to like. My favorite dishes are the Big Ben Hot Dog or the Balboa Chicken Sandwich  on the other hand...inedible.  Stick to the dogs and the za "I go here a lot.  I think most folks who live in Regent Square Swissvale Edgewood area do too.  And it's probably not because the food is so utterly delicious.  It's because it's a groovy little place with young hipster (and some not so hipster) bartenders and waitresses that serves up an endless array of beers in a funky loud space.  I love Regent Square and always saw the potential for the grand old days of Hippy Free Love lying dormant in her quaint shops and family eateries ... until D's sprang to life in a former dry cleaner gun shop space.  Oh yes  relax and enjoy the goods.You won't regret it.  D's is definitely not a rush-in D's still remains the gem of Regent Square and is worth the pilgrimage to Beer Mecca if you have never been." Food was decent.  Typical bar grill menu.  We ordered up some Pub Fries and Wings.  Decent  their service:  Really lackluster.  ""Entitled"" is the word I would use.  It pains me to give them 15% If you're visiting Pittsburgh and anywhere close (heck...even if you aren't close) head to D's and grab a taste of a great local bar" "Best burger and hot dog bar in town.  About 25 unique beers on tap.  I like the Chicago Burger And you have to take a stroll around the beer cave.  It's not quite as impressive as I was hoping  but the food keeps bringing me back! About 25 unique beers on tap.  I like the Chicago Burger Try the fries with chili or cheese! or the pimped up Pub fries!  Yum!   They have other food but I tend to get a dog All in all as a Regent Square resident this is our go-to place to hang out and bring friends and visitors."  including a mix your own 6 pack deal and "D's is a fantastic place with food! Reasonably priced and a nice atmosphere! Can get crowded but that's because it's soooo good! I love the selection of beer "Amazing beer selection on tap as well as bottled. You can get beer to go warm or cold and do mix and match six packs. Also  I don't care) & the most incredible fries around. I live in Regent Square & I'm thrilled to have a local go-to place for a quick dinner & a beer for very reasonable prices. They often have a $5 dog & fries lunch special that I gratefully take advantage of. Yum!"  I am huge on add-ons. This is where D's comes in. I totally recommend the chihuahua hot dog. It has avocado!!! The wings are delish too. This place is a must go for beer lovers. I am still the light and sweet kinda beer person  the hot dog selection is great for both carnivores and vegetarians. My two favorites being the Chihuahua dog and the red alert dog. Spicy The wait staff is always friendly and helpful.  Check it out!" I feel like a restaurant that serves cheese sauce like a food group should have a warning label on the door 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g  and parmesean.  They were all decently meaty.  The parmeseans with a side of the spicy mayo were good stuff  don't get me wrong... but I find parents here tend to let their children act out a lot Regent Square is a really cute little area that has a ton of great bars and restaurants.  Highly recommended."  it is a hidden gem. They have one of the largest beer selections I have ever seen! The staff is helpful and friendly and the food is great!"  good bar food.  Great hot dogs." D's is just one of those places I love going to. I can't get enough of picking out my own 6 pack of wonderfulness. All amazing beer. The food has never let me down. The service has always been good. This place is just awesome.  I really wish I could give this place more than five stars."  and you can also take the bus here and then see a movie." Also this doesn't really bother me i still ate my food but the guy cooking the food didn't wear gloves and did touch the food with his bare hands often. If you're OCD maybe just get a beer or don't sit at the bar where you can see this. Don't worry he didn't pick anything up off the floor and put it back on plates  which is good since I don't eat drink anything with gluten in it!" The dogs are good.  The fries are decent.  The salads are good.  The wings are good. The pizza is good.  Even the burgers are decent.  Their draft selection is awesome.  The Monday night 35-cent wings are now the Monday night 50-cent wings.  They could have at least gone to 40-cents first... best. beer. selection. hands. down. We waited almost an hour for a table but the bartender was super attentive the whole time and was on point with suggestions. It was def worth the wait too! We ordered a pizza and a few apps which were so good. No complaints here - we will totally be back.  but the Mason Dixon with its slaw and chili was killer. The fries and barbeque wings were just as good. I also liked the atmosphere  ""That place is really cool."" I had a bottled microbrew Yum! Great little find just outside of the city....especially if you are Chicago dog fan The sad part is that D's closes fairly early--the bar closes at 11 on Sunday-Wednesday and midnight on Thursday-Saturday. The kitchen closes an hour before the bar." Side bonus for me -- happened to hear music from a local band from Denver (former homestead) while dining.  Made me homesick." Their hot dogs and fries are affordable and good but even though they have like 300 different beers in bottle their beers are over price and will triple your tab. That and yet have a limited draft menu.  the restaurant was fun and we smiled laughed and jokes through a rather mediocre meal."  but I wish they had a better selection of gluten-free beers. There are lots of tasty ones out there  my sickness impaired me from imbibing and I actually spent the latter half of the time there barfing in the bathroom (not to the fault of D's) while my friends shopped for a bevy of beer in the cave. Also worth mentioning is how friendly everyone here was. Lots of helpful staff members and even the other ladies in the bathroom who were concerned with my hurling to the point where they wouldn't leave me alone and I had to lie and say that it was no big deal  I don't dislike D's I.  Quite the contrary.  After all  etc.  Hot dogs are one of their specialties and I'm not a huge hot dog fan but the bratwurst I had with bacon and mac-n-cheese on top was amazing! I also had the fried zucchini appetizer which was cooked perfectly and the sauces were very tasty (marinara and a spicy ranch-like sauce).  I went on a Wednesday evening post-happy hour and was surprised how super crowded it was So the food is great and the beer is excellent and I've found the service to also be right on.  These folks are extremely popular so at peak times it's mobbed.  Do yourself a favor and show up off peak and you'll eat and drink much more quickly." If that isn't enough to get you stop by D's then you're missing the point and probably shouldn't anyhow."  what more do you need to know!...Waiter made some excellent beer suggestions and I rarely stray from the ""off the rack"" Chicago dog but his suggestion to add the bacon was spot on.  No trip is complete without visiting the beer cave.  Some hard to get gems can be had.  Many of the choices can be found at Giant Eagle now for less.  Their selection of Mikkeller offerings was an unexpected bonus.  Walked out of their with some great hard to find titles...see you guys next year!...." I like it. Veggie friendly too. 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g I hope D's is with us for decades to come." Had the scorpion dog with Mac and cheese. It made my day.  I usually come for the beer cave. Best build-your-own six pack joint in the city!" New menu! Check it out! P.S. There is also sit-down service in a room between the bar and Cave that seemed more family-friendly. I noticed several tables had pizzas and burgers  so either come early or be prepared to wait for a table if the big game is going on." I had the barbeque chicken pizza the first time and it wasn't bad They also have a beer cave with over 1000 beers!" "I'm subleasing an apt across the street and have been in a few times now.  Hot dogs are good and cheap but the burger options  and I will definitely take any of my beer-loving friends here." I love this place. Hands down my favorite place to grab a beer in the east end. They have a great draft selection that changes often in addition to a beer cave of cold bottles. Staff is efficient and friendly and they play great music. I also love their wings...D'sWing Dust (dry rub) is my favorite flavor. "Great place for grabbing quick eats with an excellent beer selection. Their ""Beer Cave"" is awesome if you enjoy creating custom six packs. There also is a nice bottle chiller "While living in Regent Square I went to this place way too often! It has a great selection of beer and the food is pretty decent - they probably serve the best fries I've ever had. It feels more like a restaurant in the sense that you wouldn't sit here drinking all night Quite an interesting place but worth the visit in a little town." Hot dogs were delicious and fun to mix and match toppings. They do fried dogs too and it's great. Beer selection is obviously fantastic. Check our their beer cave!  my fiance would have proposed to me at D'z. We truly regret not waiting to go here but time was of the essence. D'z you truly are my favorite spot to be any day at any time and you will always be the place i wish i would have been proposed to at!!!!!!!!!!" "I enjoyed my evening experience here last night. The bar was really busy but service was still fast. They only serve beer and wine downstairs. If you want a mixed drink you have to go upstairs. We ordered a large supreme pizza I eagerly await my next trip to D's!"  if I have a few more of the Mac'N Cheese hot dog and Fries combinations  knowledgeable service. Part of why Regent Square is so great." This is a great spot for some craft beers and bar type food." best beer selection ever! it was hard to pick just one beer out of the beer cave. The food was really good. Big fan of the fries! D'z dogs is the best. All the employees seem to want to be here. Nothing is better then when your food provider is excited about what he she is doing. Come try a scorpion dog.!!!!  innovative burgers that'll blow your socks off I try to hit this place at least once a year." Love this place. Awesome selection in their beer cave. "This is a beer lover's dream and one of my favorite spots in Regent Square.  Great place to go to watch a game.  It is also kid friendly as almost every time I am visiting this place there are families with young children enjoying themselves.  The biggest decision is to pick a beer off the draft list which always has a great selection or pick one from in the beer cave. I usually try a draft and then head into the chilled beer cave. There is also a larger section of single beers for purchase in the back that are not cold. If you want to drink them while at the restaurant they have a chiller-so cool!!  My past visit I was impressed by the large selection of pumpkin beers. I tried a bottle called Baked by Lancaster Brewing-tastes just like pumpkin pie!!  To go with it I ventured from my usual Chicago dog and ordered the Angry Tikki-pineapple "D's is a great place!  Its unique as far as quasi-bars are concerned insofar as I go with a friend and have some dogs burgers pizza wings and a few beers  which I felt gave me license to have a (delicious) hot dog washed down with a few great beers. I can't wait to return!"  down-to-earth place where you can kick it back with a beer (or in my case a cider) and enjoy company with friends. It was a perfect ending to our movie night at the Regent Square Theater. With smiles planted on our faces after watching a dark comedy  and this is a good spot for larger parties (5+). The french fries are excellent and very crispy  and they consistently have proven to have great food and service. Oh byW028BfkDNkEXpINimbmA "This place is great.  Excellent beer selection.   The best fries in town  you'll get a spot and you'll be happy you did. Don't like hotdogs you say?  Well   and awesome homemade chipotle hummus.  They even had veggie dogs for my cousin! Everyone there was so nice.   If you drink good beer the beer cave will awe you. ..hell I drink Miller lite and I was in awe.   So many beers!"  and I'm looking forward to heading out in the spring time and enjoying some hot dogs in the warm air!"  and the beer selection is among the best in the city. I'll keep coming back. For sure!"  its a damn shame they dont offer a gift registry.  Because I would register for beer.  I would.  No judgement." The last time I was there we were having fun upstairs playing darts and racking up a tab. The bartender was nice enough to actually stop us and point out that it had started to snow  buy one if you're feeling spendy or simply don't have a place like this anywhere near you."  which was a large helping of french fries smothered in cheese and avocado with a side of ranch. I had the Chihuahua hot dog with a veggie hot dog and added grilled onions and my partner had a specialty Octoberfest hot dog. Both were large and delicious. We did not have to wait long for a Friday night and the service was excellent. The space tends to be crowded so this is not the place to go for a quiet fancy dinner  filled with beers from all over the world.  They also have delicious pizza and fries.  So if you are in the mood for bar food Cons: I was here after brunch to catch the hockey game and they had NCAA basketball on instead; not a big deal The food is great and service is just fine." If you have never been here; I recommend it."  or just experimenting with a new Belgian brew Definitely will be back for more :)" "I love this place! Vegetarian options are good and the atmosphere is great. I also love the beer selection. It's really a great place to go for lunch  even if my heart now hates me in return. 4.5 Stars."  and it seems that this is true from the crowds I have always seen here. But fear not fellow 20 single somethings: this place can be for you too! There is ample room at the bar to chill with good beers to watch the game  make a trip to D's. It's definitely worth it."  and next time I'll make it a point to try the food. Judging by some of the other reviews  a lot o beer selection. Simple food. I watched the World Cup here and was very nice with the front open to the street for outdoor seating. Good fries."  the power went out temporarily and workers and patrons alike kept on going like it was -no big deal- I honestly couldn't be happier with my experience." They do have some vegetarian options as well The most amazing food ever! Had the blue cheese burger and sweet potato fries and it was best I ever had!! Even the ranch was out of this world ! Service was amazing! Courteous and so friendly !!! Definitely coming back! What's not to like here? Best hot dog in town with a variety of different toppings and styles.  Amazing selection of beers in the back.  Great place to go with friends on a Friday night! 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g I love this place so good." "D's is a great place to drink to your heart's content with any darn beer you please! They have just about any beer your little mug could possibly conjure up. The service is quick  head into the beer cave. I like that you can find a crazy variety and try new beers. Always busy  and the rotating drafts have something for everyone. I had the pulled pork dog which had just the right amount of hot dog I would definitely recommend you give this place a try." "Best fries around and a really good beer selection.  A little bit of a drive for us Mac n cheese dog is incredible.  This place is small and gets packed so be prepared for a long wait and no personal space.  and this is the perfect place for a night out or even to get beer for a night in. My boyfriend is obsessed with the create your own six pack from the beer cave. We ate here on a friday and the place was packed but we got sat right away and our food came out fast. Amazing specialty hummus of the day ( i think it was chipotle ranch) and great sandwiches. The portions are huge and you won't leave hungry."  and we like to drag our out-of-town friends here as well. This place is honestly one of the best things about living in Regent Square. The staff are friendly and efficient and the food is always hot and fresh. The beer is of course outstanding. What more could you want in a neighborhood bar?" I agree with others that the beer cave is wonderful.  I could stay in there for hours!  The pizza ain't bad either!  people poured in.  Families with little kids and groups of older adults standing in the crowded doorway waiting for the opportunity to eat mediocre food.  Hmmm....makes me think a new restaurant in Regent Square is in order because there is clearly a deficit."  and the beer cave is a happy place with one of the best selections in the city." "I have to echo the sentiments of others on the service here...it is always friendly and quick (but not suspiciously so). Plenty of beers to choose from on tap The verdict?  I would come back here for a Chicago dog and ask them to boil it to prevent the risk of a singed dog "Just stopped in for a beer or two before the Pens game. Bartenders were very friendly  happy ambience.  The food is nothing spectacular but not bad as well - even though the hot dogs are pretty good.  It has a large selection of drafts and there is also a back ""room"" where you can buy pretty much any beer that exists either for taking it to your home or for having it with your dinner.  The service was fast and helpful.  I am sure I will be visiting this place again in the future but just do not expect something spectacular." "Great selection of beers and Would I go back? Definitely." Seriously average food with above average prices. The waitstaff all seems to think highly of themselves. I'm wondering if a prerequisite to work here is to feel that you're better than others because you know all the Belgium beers.  don't care about their customers.  What happens when the owner values money over ""being there"" to oversee the business.  I'm a local and have been going to D's since they opened...but that doesn't matter any more....with the exception of Eli  so occasionally you might have to wait a bit to get a seat."  $14 for a 12 oz bottle of Wulver and $25 for a bottle of Angel Share! Whoever is actually subjecting themselves to those outrageous prices are literally getting robbed. You can find a $25 four pack of Wulver and a $10 single of Angel Share at Giant Eagle.. In fact  try the Chicago dog or the Bug Ben!  Incredible beer selection too." This place is a must try. I would say it's a bar you can bring your kids to if you have any. The service is great the food is better. Me and my girlfriend got pub fires with cheese and bacon to share. I got the Angry tiki and Chili dog she got the Pot roast and Big Ben  all on beef franks. The food came out in no time and with a bill of only 35$ including a beer it was a great price. They also have a massive beer cave in the back. Next time I stop in here I have to bring a group of friends so we can all try one another's food. "Over 200 reviews and over 100 photos. What more can I say other than I've been coming here for over 15 years and have never had a bad experience. True beer lovers love D's.  Oh  my husband and I make it a date to spend an afternoon in Regent Square and finish off with a good late lunch at D's. The beer selection is amazing." "D's is perfect for those not so fancy afternoons. I love sitting outside with my dog and people watching while sipping on one of their unique beers. the staff is always so helpful with suggestions on what to drink. the pizzas are decent  and were quite impressed with the selection--now CM has a neighborhood go-to spot the next time he needs to bring a six pack to a party!  With the City Dining Card "Superb beer selection. Great hot dogs. Super fast and friendly service! They ask work as a team. I had everything and was done in less than half an hour "Usually get the bacon cheddar dog which is awesome but tried the pizza tonight.  It was great!   Good quick service Also a great bonus - you can grab your own beer from the beer cave in the back and chill out."  a group of us from Pitt come for the large one-topping $10 pizza night! The waiters and waitresses are always so friendly  onion and cheddar hot dog. Amazing. I also got the D's wing dust wings and it was quite possibly the best flavor of wing I have ever had. It tasted like a bbq chip with a kick crushed up for the flavor. I highly recommend that." Very nice when the weather is good and the garage door in front is open. Otherwise it is a bit dark and dingy." "went for a late lunch with friends. I'm a new single mom with a 7 month old and my friends had a 2 year old along as well. our server was extremely attentive and incredible about the kiddos being along. he brought crayons for the toddler and was one step ahead of our needs which was amazing and unique... it's not always easy to go out with a kid in tow where you can get great patient service AND good food and beer. I had the Cuban dog (pretty terrific) and sweet potato fries. one small order could probably feed 2-3 people...good to know for next time. the beer selection was super. I've been looking for barleywine style ales in this area and most places I've tried haven't even known what I was asking for. these guys were able to help me put together a cool sampler of a few different kinds to take home and try. this was a great visit and D's will definitely be on my beer and food radar in the future. also loved the open air bistro feel for summer. the price seemed a little high for hot dogs but the dogs were really tasty and after it was all said and done This is the ultimate in bro style  service best suited to half loaded  college students or anyone with low expectations of service at a bar and grill." I love this place.  Every trip to Pittsburgh (about twice a year) I stop in for a great dog and a choice of many  beers.  I suggest everyone stop by and enjoy a wonderful dog and beer! "The place is kind of small and disjointed a bit but they make up for it with their beer selection and great staff. The food is mostly bar food with a twist Great pizza! I recommend the Cin-Ds pizza sub red sauce! Fast and friendly service! I would come back here again. Fries are good too. Good beer selection. The best is at Patrick's day breakfast...or any other time you chose to patron the establishment." We come here often for their beer selection and spend too long in that cave. Go to Franktuary. It's a million times better in every way."  but nothing to write home about. Getting a seat can be a problem during lunch or dinner time particularly on weekends." The beer selection to make your own sixer is incredible. So many beers from all other the U.S. And international. The crafty hot dogs were incredible especially the angry tiki dog. I'll def be coming back here.  and great on tap selections of microbrews." "Amazing hot dogs. LOVE their DOM (Dog Of the Month) Its always something crazy. For September 2015 is the Greek dog. They have great burgers too. Somewhat crowded  great selection of beers and their bites are among the best I've tried in Pittsburgh. Go for the Chihuahua or Bacon Cheddar dogs My husband and I came to Pittsburgh for our 4 year anniversary. After eating out for two days we were about to head home but decided to stop here on the way. So glad we did! After having sub par service for the past 2 days the guy waiting on us was great! He checked on us often and the food was so good. One of the best burgers I've had in a long time. Also found some great beers in the beer cave (some that I've been trying to find for awhile now). Will definitely go back here if we are ever in the area. We will definitely be back. Hopefully on a Saturday again so that we can go for a Bloody Mary and buy a 6-pack to go."  everyone was super nice...maybe I just caught them on an off night and everyone was frazzled.  Either way..the food was good One of my favorite spots to grab a dog. Fantastic beer selection (check out the beer cave if they don't have what you want on tap!) they'll let you sample the beers on tap if you're unsure. Favorite things here are the hot Valentine dog and the angry tiki! You can add anything you want on their extensive list of toppings. I will definitely come back again and again!  especially at a time when it's tough to find great food for a reasonable price in this city. The best feature of D's is their beer cave to the rear of the restaurant. While your dinner companions peruse the menu "Best ranch dressing in Pittsburgh!  Good beer selection  and ambience is slightly better than average. Beer is fresh and kegs are rotated regularly. Highly recommended! Can be crowded at dinner lunch times."  this isn't the place for you. Unfortunately it's just a bit out of the way for me to come in here just for a mixed six pack unless there's something really special that I'm looking for."  but i was excited to just get some and try them out. I ended up only choosing 2 of Hofbrahaus' Hefe Weizen (my fav!!!!) Bobby picked out 4 others that i will try. They had soooo many different options. I was excited to find beers from Hofbrahaus & Fat Heads. how cool."  I went in for a growler and found a similar situation... Very few IPAs to choose from.  So I am wondering which keg kicked first tonight... The IPA or one of the many Mad Elfs....  sorry for the rant...it is just disappointing to me...."  1 hot dog and a handful of fries. Not a good value in my book. Probably won't be back." Staff are always friendly despite the busy and controlled chaos."  but in the beer cave... although I did snag the last sad can of it in the cave. That's okay The main draw for me is their huge beer cave. You can feel free to walk back and wander around and pick any beer that you're feeling. They have a refrigerated section and a non refrigerated section. They also have a small chilling stand that you can pop your warm beer in to get it cold enough for you. They also always have a lot of good unique beers on tap." "What can I say? I love this place! I live in Regent Square and I'm here weekly. I secretly bought my house because it's walking distance to D's. The beer selection is awesome. The food is great. The staff is amazing - they always make my family feel at home. The kid LOVES the mac n cheese. Being vegetarian Next trip I'll be adding Mac n cheese to my chili dog.  Why not combine the two toppings  have a drink and most importantly have a hot dog.  Very friendly bartenders and wait staff.  The menu sports a variety of simple to gourmet hot dogs along with other items.  They have several TV's mounted for viewing of games at the bar and they have loyal locals who frequent the bar.  Outdoor seats are nice for a sunny day.  Be sure to ask about hot dog specials!" wide variety of beers on tap or on shelf or in cooler... (warm&cold) 6-packs to-go... and great waiting staff...  for being a small but great shop in Swissvale... always busy but that only means their doin things right.... great food and beverage" "My friend and I come here often on Sunday nights and sit at the bar. Great draft beer selection and consistently good food. My favorite things to get are: the Cuban dog It was gooooooood chilly cheese fries and hot dogs what else can u ask for ? They have Tons of beer for the ones that want beer. I was here at noon so we did not have beer. It was reasonably priced the staff is good. Hands on. Music was great ! We will come back  and D's was one of my favorite spots. At the time I had a 3 year old daughter (who loved hot dogs) "Stopped in here for a beer on a Saturday night. Great selection of beers and the food looked good. Very busy on a Saturday night Suggestions: Go on Thursdays - Great dogs and fries special."  tried one of their hot dogz with jalapenos and cheese. It was really great! They had a nice selection of craft beers and even offered some options for brunch (besides dogz). So you could totally eat there for breakfast. The 6 pack shop is connected and has tables you can sit at. I was really impressed For a meal and 2-3 beers look to pay anywhere from 25-35 dollars even at happy hour."  groups of friends. All different ages. French fries and hot dogs are staples. Chicago dog is what I usually get. Nice beer selection. It can get really busy and the staff is always on their game." 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g  service was awesome.  Choice of beers was exceptional!" D's will always be a five-star establishment to me. Rating it any less would feel like a deep betrayal to my family! :-)" It's honestly hard to go wrong here with such a great selection of beer and food!"  and affordable! The service is always friendly and on time...I believe they value my time.   We both got our favorite dogs and the best French fries in Pittsburgh.  The server also signed me on for no wait app which made our checking out and paying sooo easy." Dining at D's was a great experience and I recommend it to anyone wanting a casual meal with great menu choices." "I'm not much of a beer drinker so I'll focus on the food. My girlfriend is vegetarian so I'm always looking for a vegetarian-friendly menu. It's rare that she has almost as many choices as I do  so I'm not that amazing of a listener! I do try and make sure I eat healthier than my disgusting smoking habit but we stopped into D's on our way back into town and I was still in vacation mode! I ordered a chili dog because I am not insane and their spicy cheese dog! Both were delicious! The spicy cheese dog had pepper cheese and pickled relish on it and I love anything pickled! The chili dog was also really hearty but I did wish there were jalapenos on it. i suppose I could have gotten them and am just lazy. Either way "I attended a fundraiser here this past weekend for two local men who are currently serving in Afghanistan. I have also been here several times to drink and watch the hockey game. Every time I have had a wonderful experience  you'd want to move next door to this one. But you can't  Bud beers are cheap. No food. Just drinks." Sunday funday $1 tacos are awesome." Very fun to go here for St. Patricks day festivities!They are smoke free now which is a a major plus! "A great neighborhood bar in the strip with authentic tasting Irish pub food. I'm a fan of going early (though it's so empty and lonely looking early in the day) for a brunch of bangers They had some live music (a guy with a wee guitar singing eclectic covers) which was decent and ended at 1am.  We were the last patrons before closing at 2  relaxed atmosphere.  The staff is especially pleasant and very friendly.  H&F is an excellent place for the end of the work week.  They have nightly specials during happy hour Which lasts from 5pm to 7pm. H&F also has live bands playing nightly.  The acts range from up tempo rock music to laid back acoustic guitar acts.  Overall  like the cover charge that happens for every single event. Great Guinness Toast (where you had to use plastic cups!)- $5; St. Patrick's Day Parade- $10!! We made it for breakfast on parade day I don't get pissed over things I can't control so I ignore ignorant people who like drama. We did have some excellent BBQ pulled pork nachos! Maybe an event there would be different but my experience...Yawn" We started to leave just as a few musicians came in.  I think I'd enjoy coming back here for a drink and an appetizer during some live Irish music!  Service was a bit slow  and if you're in the mood for some fish & chips you're really limited to two excellent options in town: Piper's Pub or the Harp & Fiddle." All this place needs is a good wash. Let me know when Excellent atmosphere and friendly service.   Food was great.  the service is always spot on.  I really wish there was a place like this in my neighborhood in Denver."  but the food is very good. My Shepherd's Pie was outstanding. The whiskey bundt cake we shared was also rockin'. Our server was a cute chick with awesome hair. Only Piper's Pub makes better Irish food than this place." Tons of travelling entertainers and bands  it is a fun time. The musicians have been pretty good whenever I've been in. I'd like to go in more but I can only manage their happy hour - unfortunately the place is too expensive for anything else. I had my first and last full night's drinking there a few weeks ago and we were all pretty shocked when we saw the check."  we had the deep fried pickles. Quite okay. Quite a decent Reuben sandwich. Would like to see a better beer selection. One of the few places open in the strip district after 5 pm."  I sent my meal back to the kitchen. The Corn Beef in the Corn Beef and Cabbage tasted really bad and felt like I was chewing gum. Avoid that plate at all costs" "This is the most authentic Irish Pub you will find.   The food is good and plentiful and the beer selection is impressive.  I have been several times to the Ceili  dances on Tuesday night TWO STARS BECAUSE THIS PLACE IS DIRTY.  Its very dirty.  So dirty.  Maybe they  dont notice it at night during the bulk of their business.  Inch of dusk on the window sill.  So gross.  Please I didn't stay very long. We had the journey back to Beaver County. But I liked the look of this place. Would be a good place to have a nice chat with some friends on a Wednesday night." The crowd tends to be a little more mature which is nice!" "I have only eaten at Mulaney's once and drank here twice but I hope to come more often. I had a traditional Pittsburgh steak salad that was pretty good but the real draw is the music. The first time we came in  the consensus was we'd go back."  I was craving a salad and have little time for lunch.  I asked for medium cooked steak and it is BEYOND well done.  It is actually crispy.  The French fries on top are rock hard but are not burnt which seems to me to be recooked from yesterday.  I cannot eat this.  I will certainly walk the extra few blocks from now on to get food that is prepared properly.   Never again for me."  the worst quality greasy ground hamburger and canned crunchy onions (on a Shepard's Pie?). I ate less than half and am debating if I will allow my dogs to eat the rest or throw it away.  The potato soup was so salty I chugged water afterwards to feel relief. I was physically Illl from the grease and butter. I mean that literally. The only thing Irish about this place is the name and the Guiness on tap. Other than an ill mannered and intoxicated uncultured college student no one will like this place. I have had better experiences at the Giant Eagle hot food counter. Sorry guys you have got to do better if you ever think ill return." Wanted to like this place as we haven't explored the strip district because of the touristy feel and crowds..wanted to explore different areas of the city. The fish was kind of slimey and didn't have a good taste. The fries were really hard and had been cooked until they was no potato within them. The Shephard pie had instant mashed potato taste some crumbled hamburger and plain cheddar cheese on top with small shreds of carrot. Not much better than a KFC bowl and the onion rings were just the frozen food variety. Not sure why people like it so much. If we had been drinking we wouldn't care. Maybe they had a bad day. I would recommend paying attention to cook times and to get rid of the fish. Maybe use fresh or in store made ingredients for Shephard's pie "I love authentic Irish pubs like this one. Probably the best tasting Guinness I've ever had. The food selection is a little limited but everything I've experienced there has been very tasty. My friend and I went there and he had the wings We've heard both good and bad about this place.  My wife loves corned beef and cabagge so we had to try it. The atmosphere was great as was the entertainment.  The food was a bit of a disappointment.  Her corned beef was dry. I had a Shepard's pie. The chef had such a heavy hand with the salt that I couldn't taste anything else. This is probably a great place to listen to music and grab a beer. The food? Not so much.  as one of my friends had previously done and told me to as well. I was not disappointed! Really great food. Highly recommended." "Moved to the Strip and tried the food with a group of four.  The Shepard's Pie was awful...I am not sure what the meat was and the flavor was odd.  One other person tried it and would not eat it.  The fish n chips were not good.  The fries were soggy and soft  I love the Reuben sandwich and every night they have some themed drink special night. I think Thursday night is ladies night and on Friday they have free wings from 5-7. The last time I went I watched the U.S. Open Women's Semi-finals and the wings did not disappoint!" Now I just need to find somebody in Pittsburgh who can mix me a Black Opal." The bar food is quality -- I highly recommend the fried zucchini. There's also the Munchies Platter  and not spilling over the brim with sports fans.  They have good solid pub food which is tasty and with big portions.  The food is always above par and I don't ever think I've had something I wouldn't order again.  I even got a grilled cheese and loved it!!  There is a bit of sticker shock  and prices and specials are pretty good.  They've got plenty of screens to watch your favorite event(s)  which is flavorful as well as hot.  I'd buy it by the bottle if I could.  The menu is huge Phenomenal bloody mary on a Sunday. Cute bar tender. delightful ghetto dive. I guess I need to get in on these free wings at some point..  neighborhood place with great food and a wonderful staff ... Silky's on Liberty is your place. Daily specials plus a respectable standard fare means you'll never tire of the menu. Warm nights make the sidewalk tables perfect for socializing and people watching (goodness knows that Bloomfield has its share of characters.) But what really makes this place special is the fabulous folks who work there. Take some time to get to know them. They're fun and interesting! Enjoy!" All of us agreed this is the worst place we have been in for smoke and some of our group were smokers  but easy access to smoking outside.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  The jukebox isn't bad.  All in all I was pleasantly suprised with how much I actually enjoyed this place.  I was a little leary at first  but the quality is there so I can excuse that. We hope to check the place out on a busier night to check out the atmosphere Silky's usually makes the list to watch a game or if weather calls for outdoor drinking."  pretty decent burger topped with lots of bacon. The bacon is still crunchier than I like it...I don't know if it's the cut or the way they cook it. The waffle fries are seasoned and really yummy. Good selection of beers. I will never try the pasta. Anyone who goes to a bar and eats pasta and thinks it might actually be good or authentic is delusional. I don't really fit in in this place  I was ill for essentially the entire weekend after eating here on a Friday night.  I won't take Silky's off my list entirely because it is close to my house.  My wrap was good and the staff was friendly.  The place was packed and so that says something positive to me."  affordable.  Nice stop before an evening out.  I need to head there primetime to assess the evening vibe.  Will be back." All and all this is one of my favorite sports bars!" The food that other people ordered smelled and looked great. Even the seafoody bits which I normally hate smelling. The tv's are plentiful and newer. I just don't know if I'll ever get to go back and try the food as I hate being slighted by a business owner and treated as if my business isn't appreciated."  just a short walk from my workplace.  My coworkers and I went out here after work.  It's a nice little cozy environment that just has a comforting feel to it.  Plenty of flat screen TVs to catch the big game "I've been to all 3 Silky's locations and this is my favorite. The food is great  and drink a beer look no further than The 'Chester."  but you've got to come here and be very very patient." i was there again tonight and it was so much better.  I really think the staff was overwhelmed on saturday.  food was good.  silkys has one of the best reubens in town. "This place is great for your standard neighborhood pub food. Time and time again my boyfriend and I try other places along Liberty Ave. since moving to the Bloomfield area. Too many times we've been disappointed and say...""Let's just go to Silky's next time."" Recenty that has morphed into just going to Silky's when we want a simple but good meal. Their burgers are very good  I probably wouldn't go back JUST for the food. If I were meeting  a group of people here Awesome wings and they're 50 cents during all Pen's games Oh and shuffleboard.  As far as I'm concerned no greater drinkin game.  Write that down ."  husband enjoyed his Rachel and the burger was also enjoyed.  Def give it a taste if you're in the neighborhood." The TV's are a plenty."  but Silky's makes a strong play to be your go-to neighborhood hangout." "They have an amazing on tap beer selection. Several small tvs. But if the Steelers aren't playing  and for bar food it's actually quite good. The location is perfect for sitting out on the tables right on Liberty and chatting with buddies as the cars go by." 3zgswf_NfBJpeAoWeTkgMA Excellent food! Excellent service! I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great meal with great service. A good neighborhood joint!"  and the service at the bar is always professional. Don't come here expecting fast food My experience here was terrible. A 15 minute wait for a draft beer on a slow night? No thanks. Just there last evening after a 12 hour shift at work. ordered a Rachel sandwhich...received a reuben. The server apologized and offered to get the correct sandwhich for me to go. She brought it to the table packaged to go. I drove all the way home to moon township opened my container and found another reuben sandwhich.....disappointing to say the least.  The fries were great however.  the patio is a great option. There's potential for good people watching on Liberty Ave most days. However  it seemed to tailor to an older crowd (30-49 seemed to be the median age when I was there).  I would have given it 5 stars had they been fully stocked on their draft beer.  I like to drink unique or uncommon beers when traveling and had to settle for Molson that night."  i ate it with a fork. The juice from the tacos also made the tater tots extremely soggy.  Everyone else in my group was disappointed in some way with our visit." "SIlkys is pretty sweet. The french onion soup and new england clam chowder are delish.  Beers are on the pricier end but its no dive bar so that's to be expected. They do have drink specials sometimes but never when I'm there  food was great and they kept the volume on the jukebox to a reasonable level for 6-7 pm in the evening.  Have had issues with all 3 things on multiple recent (last year or so) visits Great place.  Nice service.  Good beer.  Outdoor seating.  Nice pub food.   Definately recommend.  but I really appreciated the size of the tables for two. They could have probably fit four people but with only two seats it felt like there was actually enough room for plates and drinks and such. One of my biggest annoyances with eating at bars is getting an extraordinarily small Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu."  my party of three sat down at a table.  We received no attention from the waitstaff.  When I went back up to the bar to buy another round for my party  the wings. They are double-fried and soooo crispy. I have not had such awesome wings in a long time! Otherwise Mediocre food and also over-priced. Ordered the Reuben and it was brought out with the bottom of the bread soggy (maybe from sitting too long). Confronted waitress and awkwardness ensued as she wouldn't take my plate right away and resolve the issue. The solution: THEY GAVE ME A NEW PIECE OF TOAST ON A PLATE TO REPLACE THE SOGGY BREAD MYSELF! And to top it all off...they didn't discount my bill AT ALL. I think the terrible Rueben was around $10.99 and soft drinks are NO FREE REFILL! This Silky's Pub place is a complete JOKE.  usually have good service and am usually satisfied with my food. This time my chicken on my salad seemed way overcooked...just some of it though...almost as if 2 chicken breasts had been used  folks! Delicious Sunday brunch and 22 ounce Bloody Mary specials." "This little gem has kicked it up 1000% since the new owners took over and got rid of the God awful smoking. The craft beer selection is awesome. Great atmosphere and very cozy. Will be nice when they are able to serve a little food  and even board games. Haven't been there when it's busy so service was always top notch."  and the pool table in the back. I played a quick game of pool while polishing off a Nitro Mojo IPA. I'm sorry I couldn't stay longer  but don't want the hectic atmosphere of Cain's then the Korner Pub has that.  It is dark mugOAOmylJu5p85Jz_zqOQ   this is a great place. Good beer at the most reasonable price ive seen. Its laid back and welcoming. The only reason i didnt not give it 5 stars is because the lack of parking but it truly is one of my favorite places to have a drink." Nice local pub.  Younger crowd when I was there.  Decent selection of beer-to-go.  and eating on the 2nd floor patio which looks onto the Hearst  plaza is a great experience during the warmer months.  At night Ri-Ra's has live music and a DJ which alternate floors depending on the night.  The bartenders are excellent  and great (meaning talented and not obnoxious) Irish Scottish entertainment." not your average Irish pub... on the weekends it can get packed... and upstars they have a DJ or band and it can get a lil crazy... on big nights it is hard to move beacuse of so many pople but i guess it is like that everywhere in CLT... i have never eaten there food... but have heard it is ok...  definitely recommend it!  The decor is very authentic and could definitely see this place getting pretty crowded later on at night since the upstairs and downstairs are really not that big.  However "I went here one morning in search of a proper fry-up.  It was okay.  The service was pretty good; but  looks like an authentic pub. They've got great food. Service is pretty good as well. Like most bars in Charlotte it's filled with smokers but that's par for the course in NC. Two levels  but the wait staff was super friendly and suggested better spots for me to check out.  Beer selection was pretty typical and drink prices were pretty cheap (considering I live in NY)....Next time i'll try the food!" I just found out that it is a chain.  While I am surprised it does make sense  since everything in Charlotte tends to be a chain.  Very few places with local flavor especially in Uptown Charlotte."  low-key beer every now and then.  But seems you have taken a turn away from legitimacy  so don't go on weekends if you don't like being mauled to death by overly tan twenty somethings in polo shirts." "We were there on a Friday night and LOVED it!! Upstairs wasn't our thing. We got a table below the band (a guitar player and drummer) and we just could not stop dancing! I haven't danced in public in so long wFF4hf5srVtnLfpsfNSy4w The bar is attractive.  The beer is cold.  The fish and chips ranks right up there with Mrs. Paul's  with the big wooden chairs and comfortable atmosphere.  The food was about the same as the bar back home too.   Good but not spectacular.  It tasted very fresh and well cooked It sounded like there was alot more fun to be had upstairs(live band  Ri Ra just never seems to impress me and or make me want to come back again. I'm sure there is a reason the place is always packed  as I've never eaten here. I have seen a menu though  if you get a table. I recommend getting in around dinner time and leaving before the late-night crowd gets too thick."  but not the best or most authentic Irish Pub I've been to. After all I am weighing it against Boston pubs..." It's definitely hopping on a Saturday night and boasts a nice and pretty downtown location...but god It's right next to the Bank of America building and offers a huge plaza of outdoor seating  the candle-lit atmosphere would have been awesome. I had the beef and Guiness stew. It was heavy and so so delicious. So my point is that if RiRa's doesn't suit you as a bar "I have visited the Charlotte Ri Ra several times when I have been in Charlotte on business and have always enjoyed myself. Yeah Apparently it's cool to wear a Christmas sweater too.  Do it." And it may have just been the Irish Twists handling my perceptions Oh! And if you get a chance to dine outside on the patio take it! It's always comfortable and has a seperate restroom out there which is nice since there's not an abundance of restrooms."  but if I could do it again I would have the full serving of the magnificent mac n' cheese. The lunch menu was extensive with very reasonable prices. The best thing about this place however was our waiter "My brother took me and my parents here after a Bobcats game.  It was pretty crowded and my brother and dad had to pay a cover (it was ladies night).  We were able to find a couple of stools together and sat down.  The bartenders were very quick to come over and get our drink orders.  We were also seated close to the live band that was playing Randomly wandered into this fine establishment on a Wednesday night. Great setting to watch some playoff action with a beer at the bar. Bartender was friendly and quick. Atmosphere chill. Decorations were right on for an Irish pub. WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ ohhhhh welll... guess i'll have to go back again next time!" eighteen dollars gone"  talking about Ulysses. But its' sports bar alter-ego is definitively what pays the bills." I will be heading back to Ri Ra very soon to try some Guinness stew or a traditional Irish breakfast!" I went for a Saturday afternoon World Cup game for third place between Germany and Uruguay.  Most tables in front of the screen were taken but not packed so it wasn't too noisy.  Service was really slow but the waitress was authentic.  Not the best review since I ordered a salad at a pub but the salad was good & fresh.  I tried the sweet potato fries too.  The fries were a little soggy but will go back under different circumstances to try them out since the beer selection is extensive and within walking distance.  but the food we ordered never arrived.  Wild dogs couldn't drag me back." "Last time I went it was about 3pm on a weekday and there were 3 guys sitting at the bar Ttalking with a male bartender.  I stood there for approx 5-7 mins before I was even acknowledged.  Needless to say Authentic Irish feel with a friendly staff and warm atmosphere. Expected selection of draft beers for an Irish Pub. Good selection of bottled beers.  it definitely a ""stick to your ribs"" dinner.  Most entrees are in the $10-$20 range.  The bevvy selection is varied and lean towards British Irish varieties. The staff are congenial  the burgers are half priced if you eat in!  They grind their meat in house so you can get them as rare as you like.  I strongly recommend getting the hand cut chips The omlette came with potatoes and a thick cut of toast perfectly toasted.  I mean where else can you get brunch severed with such a great beer selection?!" "I cannot believe i have not reviewed Ri Ra's before!  This is a good after work spot for a few drinks and maybe a quick bite.  The bar is well stocked and has all the items you would expect from an Irish Pub.  They have a pretty good beer selection as well which is nice to see.  The food is pretty good but typical to what other irish places serve.  (Fish and chips I went to Ri Ra recently on a Friday night for a coworkers going away shindig.  I had a really good time.  I enjoyed the dark cave like old time bar aesthetic.  The had some diverse options on tap.  In the downstairs area there was some live acoustic guitar singer.  Upstairs consisted of a DJ and lights - playing standard top hits.  There is a deck off the 2nd floor that was pretty popular the night I was there - a nice respite from the noise inside.  one word:  DIVINE while husband choose the special of Pot Roast which they were out of and instead ordered a favorite standby of Sheperd's Pie.  After eating every bite and wondering if anyone would notice if we licked our plates (just kidding but seriously our meals were THAT good) we ordered dessert of Irish soda bread pudding which our server managed to score us the last serving of (told you she made up for her earlier seemingly disinterest) and shared its goodness over a coffee press.  What an excellent way to spend New Year's Eve and looking forward to our next return visit!" WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  great place to hang out with friends and  meet new people!" BUT I do love the balcony with a great  ant's eye view of the city. Look straight up and see the best buildings in Charlotte and a great night sky." Decent late night menu if you're really...really in the mood for pub food.  The burger was not bad...stay away from the hot dogs.  Nice to place to go listen to live local talent  but now that they banned smoking in the bars (hooray!) it turns the deck into a smokers haven at times."  but you are in Uptown.  What do you expect?  It's somewhat better than the offerings of the Epicenter Friendly service and sweet potato tater tots WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  and if I lived in Charlotte I'm pretty certain I'd be here regularly." "Moderate beer choices and decent food. Even though this is a very cookie-cutter Irish pub "food--- great    booze----great   service-- great  if you do not like this place  "Usually love this place. Good food  we came back for dinner. The right of us all loved our meals. The shepard pie was especially good and the sweet potato tater tots with a side of Guinness bbq sauce was a hit with entire table. We will most likely be back here again this week." Ri Ra is a classy version of the Irish pub I love to feel at home in. Go check it out. It might just save your impression of Uptown."  though it was Soup of the Day and I would check out the Fried pickles and see what else might look good!" Ri Ra redeems itself a bit with a nice pub atmosphere. Although... a more unique selection of Irish brews would be a nice improvement."  I still enjoy the energy of the place.  The service can be hit-or-miss depending on busy they are." Just stopped in for a quick pint and the selection of beer and whiskey are great and the bartender was friendly.  Kinda confused how a Irish pub does not offer Scotch Eggs though. This place NEVER disappoints.  I took my girlfriend there this past Saturday evening for dinner (10 22 11).  I had my normal Guiness stew and she had the steak pie.  I had never seen the steak pie on their menu but it was amazing!  Services was great as always and we had a wonderful meal.  Ri Ra is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte and if you like pub food this place is the absolute best! Stick with a Jameson's or Guinness after work and move elsewhere for dinner." WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  though I didnt eat there they seemed to have a very extensive menu and the guy next to me was eating something like a shepards pie. All in all I would recommend this place." Fish and chips were great. Shrimp and grits was a great Irish twist on a southern favorite. Potato cakes were also good. Service was fast and friendly. We stopped in visiting Charlotte and plan on going back. Can't rate the food but we had an excellent time at Ri Ra!  Great service behind the bar on a busy Friday night! Thanks to all!  but this is usually our go to spot on weekends.  There is a mix of people and the downstairs and upstairs are like night and day on the weekends.  The downstairs usually has a DJ with people sitting around which is good for mingling.  The upstairs there is usually a live band playing.  There are a bunch of good beers and drinks.  If you get bored work your way to the dance floor to watch a bunch of drunk people who cannot dance worth a damn.  Its a site that needs to be seen.  Also  this was a great meal. I come here for lunch all the time as I work down the street in Uptown. And if you go here for lunch My fish and chips were really pretty good. I got the regular size and the piece of fish I got was enormous. I can only imagine how huge an actual large would be. The fish and chips are amazing. They even have a late night menu for the night owls! Awesome food awesome drink specials awesome wait staff 5 out of 5 place is incredible casual pub downstairs more upscale upstairs great bars giant patio love the place you always see a friendly manager who never fails to stop and check in with each table to make sure everything is perfect and if it isn't they absolutely make it right... Crazy good Guinness Sundae for dessert as well!!! Try it if you haven't!! This place has pretty fresh ingredient and I would no doubt be coming here if I was working downtown. However I was visiting Charlotte for business and came for lunch with my boss. The sandwich line was pretty long so we decided to go inside the restaurant to sit down and order. The hostess and server was great. We ordered and our food was brought out fairly quickly. It was a Monday and lunchtime but the place was not packed when we got there. A few more customers did trickle in while we were there but it wasn't crowded. My boss ordered a soup and sandwich combo and he said it was delicious. I ordered the Irish stew with a side of cesar salad. Both were delicious as well. I loved how the stew is made with lamb and it a nice cracked pepper taste to it. A co-worker of mine said that they have the best macaroni and cheese but I did not try it. I wanted to try the fish and chips may have to do this on my next business trip. There are way too many restaurants in the area that I have not tried yet and want to before I go home. Another tip is to ask for the frequent flyer card.  Buy 8 combos (chips + drink) get a sandwich free!"  this bar has several different areas to suit different tastes. Downstairs is usually more subdued with its true Irish-pub feel. Upstairs is dark and slightly clubby. Both offer live music that usually cuts off at a certain hour to let a DJ play (top 40s and fun classics- seldom electronic or techno). The best part though Great food. I had the hooley kebab for dinner. It was on the lunch menu but they still let me order it. Huge portion. Tasted my dads lamb stew and loved it! It was trivia night so winning 50 bones certainly helped w that 5th star;)  a wonderful beer selection. Just know that this one star rating ONLY applies to the beef short ribs dish Great food and atmosphere!!! The Cottage Pie and Fish & Chips were excellent. The service was fantastic.  Will definately be back. Awesome authentic Irish bar..very warm. And welcoming wait staff. I had the lamb stew and it was the most tender lamb I had in a long time . If I come to Charlotte again am back here. Would possibly go back - but just for appetizers and drinks."  there was a cover for the privilege of listening to a lousy cover band playing tired seventies tunes in a room with terrible acoustics--apparently without a soundboard--and putting down money on overpriced drinks  but not the Italian you would get in NYC.  Charlotte's nice version though.  The line is long and slow though so expect to wait.  The bar part and the upstair dining is great for drinks and apps.  That is all folks."  but I'm glad someone think that they are."  too. Looking forward to go hand and see if it's also cool for a drink on a weekend night."  and a red sauce that reminded me of salsa but with a more tomato base and no spice. I have had better calamari at hole in the wall restaurants."  and not heavy or greasy.  Mom got the chopped salad which was also great.  We sat on the upstairs deck area and people watched.  It was pretty cool.  The weather was great as was our server.  I'm looking forward to coming back and trying more food They host an Irish session on Sunday nights-  So happy to see an Irish themed pub making an effort by supporting local Irish musicians." A Charlotte classic hang out :)  very courteous and prompt. Would recommend anyone in the area to try it out" Service and food qualiyt was great and a fun location to drink at!" It was fairly cost effective for the area as well." "Cool Ipub in dtown. All the regular beers on draft. Decent bar food  awesome ambiance and great food!" Ri Ra is definitely a solid 4* and we'll be back the next time we're in Charlotte." Overall wonderful experience. I hope they continue to be so and when we visit again So overall - okay food good vibes. I'd probably give it another shot  I had a fabulous time at Ri Ra... I might have to start going out a bit more often..."  I would still come back here for a sandwich and some apps." I went with friends to a show at Belk Theatre and we wanted to eat somewhere close. We just happened in to Ri Ra not really knowing anything about it. I can't remember having a better meal! The service was excellent and the ambiance is more than you could ask for in a pub. We felt like we were dining alone in our booth as we couldn't even see other patrons. I would definitely eat here again and again! Ri Ra is a great place to have a nice relaxing drink of whiskey and taken in a football (soccer) game."  and a great selection of beer that will satisfy" "I understand everyplace has its rules. My friends had a pre-wedding party here. And at 10pm it becomes a "" standing bar"" only. But did your staff have to be rude to the parents who were still sitting down a little respect goes a long way. We will not be going back." The only complaint I had was that the service was a little slow for me given I had a flight to catch and mentioned it to my server." If you have any appreciation for the Irish and our wonderful food  reservations are not valued here.  We had a reservation for 7 and were told it would be a 20 min. wait.  Walked over to Harvest Moon Grille and had lunch instead.  Wish I could have reviewed the food..." The large employee guy with blonde hair was belligerent and trying to start fights with several us last night. He needs to be fired and needs to be some changes made. "I've been here a few times and I always have a pretty good experience. It has a decent siize bar with many options of beer on tap. I've gotten Shepherd's Pie and it was pretty good. I'll stop in again for a couple of beers  oh! That's right. I didn't get what I ordered. I over cooked greasy fries like everyone else. The brisket was very good thought. It had shoe string onion rings and slaw on it. The meat was a bit over cooked. It was a beautiful day to hand with friends on the sunny deck!"  did get a little busy but was very much like a dive bar  meet up before going out or hitting this place late night Ri Ra is a great spot in Charlotte. Right down town and close to night life and the professional sector. I eat here often and I have yet to have a bad experience. Brunch here is amazing  and they have live music later in the evening on weekdays." WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  and a fun night. I give Ri Ra a thumbs up!"  but could not get served. We sat down at one of the tables ( more or less stood by it because it needed cleaning) & waited for a server. One did walk by our table to grab the tip from the table behind us  but the Staff at RiRa handled our group of 19 on a thirsty Thursday evening with ease!  Don't let uptown parking scare you away from crashing this party So it was Monday night and St Patties day to top it off. The crew remembered me from my day time lunch roamings. It was nice to have a Guiness or two  I'd probably stop in here again just for old time's sake. And if you have never been Stopped in on whim for Happy Hour.  Had delicious fish tacos.  All small plates were half off for Happy Hour making this place a steal for good food.  Will definitely be returning! Ri Ra is a fairly nice looking place with a decent selection of beers on tap Really nice outdoor patio. Sunday drink special on whiskey was really good. Very reasonable price for uptown. Nice variations on Irish cuisine.  Worth checking out!  and enjoy the great food.  Menu prices are just a little steep but worth the price as you relish the Irish cuisine with a Guinness!" I've been here a few times at this point and it's always fairly good. The food is decent but nothing to rave about and the atmosphere is a good one. I haven't hung out here but from what I understand it's good for the bar experience. I usually go here to dine though as it's convenient to the Belk Theatre. This last visit I had steak tips and potatoes and honestly it wasn't great. The meat had a funny taste to it and the potatoes had no taste to them and some of them had gone bad I think. My grandmother had the fish and chips and she said it was decent. So for what it's worth that was our last experience. I've kind of combined all my trips into this one rating so 3 stars is about all I'd give it. This place is great. Good servers.  Takiyyah is the best. Ask for her.  Great food and a great place to bring a large group. We also got the spinach and artichoke dip as an appetizer. It was super creamy and cheesy- I'd definitely recommend it!"  service is awesome. Love the atmosphere!"  relaxed environment. A Charlotte favorite for me." One of my first experiences in uptown when I moved here...what a great Irish pub not to mention the food is out of this world...definitely recommend  but there is no way for me to know because they were out of utensils.   How can a place that makes salads to go be out of utensils?  And the worst part is that you don't know it until you already through the line and have paid.  They should let people know before they pay.  The guy at the register made no apology or attempt to find some way to provide something to eat with.  Now sitting at my desk with a salad that I can't eat  which was really good. The bread was done just like a Cuban sandwich down in Miami. The sweet potato fries were OK Fun place! Good food and drinks. Live band upstairs on the weekends. However the bartender lost my credit card when I went to close it out only to call me the next day to say they found it. Too bad I had already closed my account. Maybe they should get a better system like swiping when you order vs. holding it? Now I'm not the type of guy who tries to find fault at every little thing to get a free meal. But come on. I would assume We visited this pub on our first trip to Charlotte. The Guinness Stew and Potato Cakes were very tasty. Our server was friendly and fast. Our beers were never empty before we had a refill. Great place!  on a Friday night there should not be only 2 bartenders for a packed bar. Easily takes 10 min to get a drink. I like the space and the patio but it means nothing if I can't get a drink."  it was busy but the bartenders were on top of it. They seemed to get to each person quickly and made the drinks quickly. I was very impressed. The drink prices seems on par for what you would expect  as well. I liked it and the atmosphere of the bar." Just had an Angus beef blue cheese burger with onions mushrooms and cheese that was out of this world.  there are staff from Erin who are happy to serve you.  The Guinness is good and the craic is better when with friends.  Only complaint is that I think they deep fry the white and black pudding which is a no-no..."  with the traditional wood paneling everywhere. Plenty of tvs for us to watch the games. We came in for a late brunch and it's was so delicious. My coffee came in it's own French press (which I will now buy for myself) and the breakfast sandwich had bangers WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ It was nice to have a late night eating option in uptown Spinach dip the only saving grace. Oh  they acted like making a drink for me was outside of their job description. Even the door man commented on how rude the bartenders were. Never going back." "Ri Ra's is right outside of my office ... so my colleagues and I frequent it a few times a month. Their burgers are delicious ... you can't go wrong with the 704  the staff didn't have to be as great as they were (really could have just sent us on our way)  the dubliner was awesome (I love lamb meat)" "I ordered the stuffed French toast and ""won brunch"" amongst the group of seven I was with. I highly recommend it. Don't waste your time and calories on anything else!"  Food blogger at Fiction Faith & Foodies"  $12 for a basic hamburger and $14 for a Reuben sandwich. Might be a good place to drink but save your money regarding their food."  etc if you're under 27 and looking to bar hop Uptown. Their fish and chips looked as if it had been dunked in Vaseline  and we got a few Reuben sandwiches. All was good. They have a few of dipping sauces for the fries and pickles. Went well with a good Guinness. Our server Alex was super nice and although it was busy we got our good and drinks in a timely manner. Cool little spot to pop in when in Charlotte."  and salad options. My favorite item on the menu so fast has got to be the honey mustard grilled chicken spinach wrap. I highly recommend this place for your lunch option. It also doesn't hurt that they are literally right next door to my work so I don't have to walk far." WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  they ""lost"" our reservation that I had received confirmation of weeks prior. I guess luckily they weren't busy and we were able to be sat in about 15min. Our waitress was either new or not having a good night as she was very not a people person that evening. About 5 of the menu items we asked about or tried to order were all sold out or discontinued. I went there specifically for the Guinness Beef Stew and was informed that even though it was on the Chef's Specials menu "Excellent beer selection and wonderful food choices. The fish and chips is the best I've ever eaten. We love making this a stop on our bar hopping nights They've just redone their lunch menu. I must say this is the best burger I've had in Charlotte! Always had fun here at night and beer is always gold and delicious. Ri Ras is my new favorite go-to burger place for lunch. Love it! I'd rather be here than a few of the other spots I saw nearby. Plan on dropping a 20 spot for a couple beers and an app."  great atmosphere to get together with friends but not my first choice and not sure I would return anytime soon."  the menu was recently changed significantly reducing menu options including the elimination the best item on the menu - Guinness stew.    How does an Irish bar eliminate Guinness. Stew???  Know your customers  but simple menu. Had an awesome lamb burger and the hand cut chips  she gave the impression that she was hurrying us out the door--she asked if we were ready for the check but failed to ask if we wanted dessert (we did). She wasn't the only poor server---after our meal  RI. Ordered fish and chips and short ribs. Ratio of fish to fries left my husband hoping for more fish. Short rib was chewy although flavor was good-- not worth $18. Although I respect and appreciate the fact it was grass fed. Additionally we were seated at a table that was super awkward-- legs made sliding into the booth cumbersome. Decent service. Probably will check out the myriad other places Charlotte has to offer before I'd come back"  he was able to entertain and regale us throughout the night with his stories and random old-world European knowledge of this little former English colony of North Carolina."  our waiter Ray is five months removed from Ireland bringing a real Irish flare.   Service was outstanding.   Would recommend highly for a casual night out on the town." Sorry to be so mean in this review....but this is unfathomable" The Whiskey Room atmosphere is wonderful. Ask for Ray or Adam; I got an education on Irish whiskey tonight and they won't steer you wrong.  but I had such a great experience I will definitely have to go back to try the food." The inside bar is tastefully done and still holds strong to the Irish theme. The best spot for a quiet rooftop drink without a ton of people. Ordered food from brunch menu to find out after half an hour that they are not serving brunch. The reason the brunch menu is new and shouldn't have been out until next week. Well we had food from the same menu two months ago.  spinach and artichoke dip and Fish and Chips!!  Great date night!! All amazing!! Great for live bands when you can catch them!!"  fast service for lunch. The pub and the woodwork are beautiful. It has a great atmosphere for business or for fun." I definitely will keep this place in mind in the future."  a pickle spear and a cup of water cost me $10.01. Threw most of it out. I will not be returning. My lunch companion had roast beef and regretted ordering anything. Find another lunch option if you care about taste and price."  the rye bread!! How did I leave this till the end. We thought it was one of the best we had. And the butter that comes with it were real Irish. So good job all around impressing us. Thanks."  was very friendly and responsive.  I got the pot pie and it was great.  The lamb made it.  I tried a local brew and an Irish beer.  Both were delicious.  I will come back next time."  the bouncer made us leave our table right away to clear all the chairs from the floor.  We didn't even have the tab yet.  Bouncer was extremely rude.  Wouldn't go back there again" Because we were watching the match I decided to finish off the meal with an Irish coffee.  Which can be risky... They actually serve it the correct way!  Coffee  offerings.  Sadly the service (or lack thereof) means we won't be bringing our big groups back here. It really seemed like the server was out of her element." Update: a member of my party shared the experience with a manager and she adjusted the bill to compensate for the service. That earns an additional star from me."  but avoid this place on the weekends. It changes from an Irish pub to a douchebag magnet club with ridiculously loud hip hop and Pop 40 music ." The service itself wasn't to great either. We had a group of people and you would expect him to take everyone's order at the same time but everyone had to call him individually to place a food order which caused everyone to eat at a different time and in the end people still didn't get their food until we almost had to leave again." Not too much to say bad about this place. The ambiance was what you would expect from a true Irish pub. I especially their specialized seating. For instance we had a raised booth next to a storm fireplace that overlooked one of the bars. The food was excellent as well. The deep fried Reuben was probably the best Reuben I've ever had. Wife at the hooped salad and she said she loved it. I had some of the kid's fish and chips and and they were both good. Overall a good experience.  but there were 3 kids who were allowed to run around. The parents and  management seemed to be oblivious to the action of the kids. One of the waiters had stop so that he wouldn't drop the large platter of food!! The wait staff was not that great either!" Just ate there today.  OMG the lamb burger is awesome.  Excellent knowledge of beer there.  Excellent atmosphere.  It's old school wood walls and tables etc.  I felt like I was back in Ireland again.  All the staff was also European of that area.  England Ireland etc.  It stunk a little but so does the area.  Could be related.  Excellent food though and ambiance. Guinness Stew is out of this world.  I'm a fan of Ri Ra  or just some brews at the bar I have never been disappointed."  nothing worth coming back for. The service was poor (unfriendly and seemed very bothered to even be at work) and with disappointing service and mediocre food  pretty dark but definitely had the feel of an Irish pub. I will say the service was great. Or server was very attentive and personable. We actually ended up seeing him out at the next bar once he was off his shift and we had a great time hanging out with him for a bit! Overall not a bad place to hang out with friends and have a few drinks "We were there for my best friends 41st bday and sat at the bar. The bartenders attitude were like ""we r annoyed cause we r there"". Ordered food and asked for extra plates cause there were 4 of us  and learn tonight they actually recruit from Ireland for their servers. Excellent food grade beers"  bartender had a genuine conversation with me. Felt very real. Guinness was poured correctly. There was an odd  and you can definitely tell the folks who run this place take great pride in caring for their customers and representing their heritage in the food they serve.  My wife and I real liked the fried Ruben sliders I've also never had a problem getting a drink at the bar fairly quickly. The bartenders have always been very nice and make great drinks." Still need to check this place out for dinner." I'm visiting from New Jersey with one of my friends. We walked in and waited to be sat. No one came or even looked at us. We decided to sit at the bar. The bartender looked at us walked away. I assumed he would come back after helping another person at the bar. After 10 minutes he never returned. In the mean time a waitress also saw us sitting there politely ignoring us still. Drink less food less. Needless to say the RI Ra in Atlantic City is way better. When I come back to Charlotte I won't be trying this restaurant again. They get one star for having an ""ok"" live band on a Friday eve."  we were having a great time and really enjoying ourselves until we asked for the eagles to be played over the house sound system (as they are my sisters favorite band) the bartenders kindly went to the back office and got the eagles playing for us so we could dance and sing and enjoy ourselves until Debby downer the manager marched out from the back and turned the music way down and demanded to know form her staff who had turned the music up with a big grumpy face on her she marched off...the bartenders told us to take no notice and keep on singing WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ "My boyfriend and I went to RiRa's last night while waiting for our table at another place. I had been there before but he had not. I told him that he had to try the potato latkes and a Guinness. I had Jameson. We love the vibe of this bar. It really feels like we're sitting in an Pub back in Ireland. The Irish bartenders are nice to look at too.  The potato latkes were amazing as always. You get two in an appetizer portion. One of them was a little overdone on one side but still great. My boyfriend loved the Guinness and kept saying how long it had been since he had real Guinness. Even this morning  Ri Ra's is also home to my favorite burger in the QC. All hail the 704. Bacon...pimento cheese...fried pickles...brioche bun...delicious patty...it is unreal. This beauty along with their delicious Brussel sprouts are a match made in heaven (and make me feel slightly healthy...ish). I brought a recent convert here with me for a Sunday evening dinner after she expressed her desire for some greasy food (it had been a long weekend). Our awesome waitress Aisling kept us fed and well-hydrated. Most if not all of the wait staff are in a foreign exchange program so that's pretty awesome too. Ri Ra's is also one of my favorite happy hour spots. They have a great patio and yummy apps (spinach artichoke dip YUM). You will not be disappointed if you come here for any meal Drinks more expensive than other bars which was surprising" Say hi to Christa for me! :-)"  that's worth checking out."  no one brings cash to clubs anymore. Srsly people... don't make the bartenders run your card every time you order a drink. Costs the club money (and up go the drink prices) "Not impressed!!  If there were 0 stars that's the rating this place would get.  I ordered a cheeseburger and it was worse than what you'd expect from a school lunchroom!   And why is this place called an ""Irish Pub""?  One would expect typical Irish dishes but not here!  I honestly have no idea how this place stays in business.  Sorry "I never thought about the name "" Irish Pub"" but the menu is pretty much American. I never knew they had ""Tommy Tots"" in Ireland maybe that was the cause of the potato famine. Seriously  sat down for dinner a couple of times. If me and my girlfriend are there to drink we usually grab some fries or something too. They always have some fun event planned. I have been there for trivia I finally had some of their wings a while back... they are SO good. Some of the best I've had.  about this place is it is GLBT friendly and not flamboyant about it. In the south Then a couple years ago I discovered their dance floor  must be beer. This place is your typical Irish Pub - you know what you get. The staff is friendly and this place has been here for awhile. The food is bar food but if you're buzzin  order your favorite drink and  you've exerted all the effort you need.  The bartender was awesome and did not keep anyone waiting.  Hartigan's arguably has the best disco balls in town.  The regulars come here to dance!" "I was on a business trip and only had time for a quick bite to eat at lunch time before heading to airport! I think my burger was so overcooked that it tasted like it was double cooked and the tater tots included were plentiful and tasty!  They had other items on menu but I did not sample!  The space is spacious and it looks like a lot of fun  but you have to wonder why they had a black mold problem in the ice machine for so long!)"  at least the nights I've been in anyway.   It's also a great place to swing by before a Panther's game since it's right next to the stadium  and there must have been a whole bag of tots on my plate because I couldn't finish them.  Friendly and helpful servers  you don't receive service. So much for southern hospitality. I will not be returning." Looking for dancing? Go here. Looking for a place to have fun and let loose? Hartigans. I promise you Went here for a date night and had a good time.  Friendly service and one of a few places that actually serves good tater tots.  I don't drink so I didn't pay much attention to the bar  but there is no greeting at the door or system for new customers. It looks like a good place to eat and hang out Great bar. It is what it is."  but Connolly's is an exception. It's just a fun Irish pub. Because of this it has more character than some of the trashy uptown bars. I like the brick walls and ambiance of the second floor. They seem to be always be watching a soccer match there  what is the difference? To me the biggest difference is that a Pub has a kitchen and more than just wings and cheese sticks and Connolly's does not. I didn't venture upstairs Good and friendly service. Relaxing time. Great tunes. Decor is just right for the pub feel."  irish pub in uptown Charlotte. We came by for one drink - they have two stories which is great. Drinks were reasonably priced and service was fast and friendly. Crowd was easy going. Everything was great except for the bathrooms! The upstairs ladies was closed for renovations and the downstairs had a faulty lock. Two different people walked in on me mid-pee. Not fun. Connolly's please fix your facilities for the ladies!!"  you think they would be paying more attention to what was going on in front of the bar (i.e. people waiting for drinks) and behind the bar (i.e. getting someone's tab right) I have a feeling we'll be going back. It was a great time regardless Cool Irish spot with a new outdoor patio. No food and a limited draft and bottled beer selection.  Free WiFi.  The hostess is gorgeous so I would drink there anytime.  with a patio and two stories and the usual Irish brews on tap.   But jmzPbvE_02SzTAjwZCTgYA  do me a favor and find the Irsh bartender ""Murph"" and give him a hard time... seriously do it. It will get him all fired up and a good laugh for you and me! ;) He is my favorite bartender in Charlotte but he's still a pain in the arse."  a visit to Connelly's is an escape to an ol' pub filled with character and life."  I think. But it's a good ending to a bar crawl because there are plenty of cabs that cruise around the area." And in my book . . . .that's A-Ok!"  and love uptown to only slightly pretentious snobs that live on the outskirts of uptown.  I am joking...kinda.  I love coming here because its small and intimate jmzPbvE_02SzTAjwZCTgYA  and sometimes you may run into a large wooden object you couldn't see 6 inches in front of you  it does get pretty packed during the weekends and can get crowded."  the location is killer and service is acceptable. The open seating area in the back is killer!"  although a notable perk of Connolly's is the outdoor patio.  You can find both ping pong and cornhole for your playing pleasure!  The bartenders are always friendly.  My only complaint (especially on behalf of my ladies) is that there are no mirrors in the bathrooms!  Also Amazing bar.  Great ambiance   style   set up.   Great beer and drink selection.   Also has a wonderful covered outdoor sitting area that is quite large.   Loved this bar!  Staff is very friendly even though most of them are from Michigan.Saturday night after 10pm is when the crowd showed up Classic spot for a pint with friends!  and both times it was for a special event being held in the upstairs room. My most recent experience was for a ""Relentless Against Cancer"" charity event that my friend was throwing in honor of the charity her family runs. Connollys management and staff were quite wonderful in allowing her to host the event upstairs "Connoly's is your average Charlotte Bar. What they have going for it is the heated outside patio and the regular patio next to it.  Sometimes you just want to go outside after being crowded in a bar.  The crowd seems to be younger and the upstairs usually is super packed.  I will probably go again I know Guinness is the Irish staple but I assume they drink other beers too. The selection here is horrible. The service was friendly and the place seems to always have a crowd but I just cannot figure out why. Wish the beer selection was better." Favorite bar I have been to in Charlotte. Great beer and great space. Has a really comfortable and relaxing environment.  and they are more than happy to accommodate you. I told one of the bartenders a story once and went back weeks later and he had remembered me and that story. Good stuff. Nice to know they actually like their customers! Johnathan is super nice at the door as well. I think that maybe covert kicks in at 1030 We just stopped by for a drink before a show at the Blumenthal but I loved the feel of the place.  Dark and cozy with cool stuff on the walls and big HVAC ducts along the ceiling.  They have a nice patio outside also. The sign outside speaks volumes about the craic inside!  two bars on two floors and an outdoor seating area partially covered so your covered for the summer time thunderstorms  on sunday funday. Corn hole is set up out on the patio which can help pick up your a portion of your tab if your competitive and into gambling. The bartenders were friendly and the mood is more laid back and chill than other bars downtown. Peak hours can get pretty packed but the off hours are good for kicking it and catching up with some old friends." Alright! My little Irish pub! I just drink Guinness when I'm here. I'm part Irish myself so when I'm here it makes me want to go the motherland lol. There's an upstairs and a large patio with games and such. Hope to see you there! In from KC and stopped by for just a drink and ended up staying for several!  Extremely nice bartenders and very accommodating when it came to finding my football game.  Loved this place!  A true pub!! Maybe I'm just a lush.  Maybe you are.  I don't know what it is p.s.s leave your dirty laundry at home (meet a girl there that asked the whole bar if she should sleep with her ex Fun place to grab a drink. I always know i will get a perfect guinness when i come in this place! The patio is very nice too! This is always one of my stops when i head uptown for the night! Keep up the good work!  I would highly recommend this place to someone who is looking for a good time Uptown (PS - great view of the Hearst Tower)." 54Aydh4aR64rdWa17FW1Jw  a big group of hard-partying folks decided that we wanted to have a few more adult beverages before calling it a night.  We ended up walking over to Connolly's & taking over the upstairs room.  I think the majority of our group ended up staying until last call.  We had good service and they were very accommodating despite the fact that a few folks in our group were pretty loud and maybe bordering on the obnoxious side.  But  mostly college kids.  Good place to go booze and listen to loud ass music.  I'm sure the daytime vibe is different." Phfff. Not sure what the point of this place is other than to watch people watch sports events on the upper level 'cause that's what  I spent much of my time doing until about midnight whereupon I switched to watching drunken wallflowers dance in a corner while everyone else just stood around shouting over each other. Typical bar. Glad i had a few in me before making it here otherwise i would not have been entertained. Wear you jammies here kids cause it won't matter the next day anyway.  but also remains one of the most popular watering holes in Center City. I know I don't have to say this Will definetely be back." I've been here a few times. It compares to Dandelion but about 10 times trashier with staff who don't really care about there customers."  bar staff know their drinks. I will definitely go again when I am in Charlotte." Well finally a place that can pull a pint. Good atmosphere and a friendly crowd. They also had a good selection of Irish whiskey. "Yes.  Its just a bar.  But a bar with the best black and tans around.  I love this place.  Always dim and has a cool atmosphere.  Also I hate this place especially the bouncer justin who refused to let me enter the establishment because I was wearing a UK polo. He said he was a unc fan and couldn't let me in because I would start stuff. I tired to talk to the manager before he laid his hands on me and threw me into the street nearly getting hit by a mini van. I tried calling management to express my opinion of the psychopath they have working the front door but the number does not work anymore. Further more I will never return because of the people this place chooses to hire. "The only thing more useless than yelp ( and that's saying something as yelp is as useless as as a bathroom attendant is Connely's who  has to clean piss from the sink where the better customers tend to relieve themselves) is Connellys I'd bring my friends here on St. Patrick's day but it's not my fave."  they have Mecktoberfest. Go have fun!"  why on earth do they charge a cover to go in? This is a drinking eating establishment and they charge a cover when there is no band playing? Seems ridiculous and all about $$$$$$$$!" **They don't serve food  and the guy picking up empty glasses was exceptionally nice. I'd go back for a well poured Guinness." The crowd at Connolly's on Fifth was a mix of younger and older. The vibe felt kind of lame  If you're looking for a place to have a drink  little Irish pub with a great patio area. Good size bar when you first come in. It can get crowded in here. There's a second bar area upstairs. Nice beer selection and of course some Guinness on draft. They don't serve food. Anytime I'm out in the Uptown area I try to stop by for a pint." This is 100% my favorite bar in Uptown. Great atmosphere and the bartenders take good care of you. This is always the go to place for my group of friends especially if it's nice out. Love it!  and one of the best patios in Charlotte. This place stays true to the Irish culture."  I wouldn't pay $5 to get in when there are so many bars without covers around."  now on Halloween they kick us out after we spent over 100 plus dollars because someone thought we flicked the bartender off. They try and surround  my group of four and tell us we have to leave and I calmly ask what the problem was and explaining that we just drop a hundred dollars at your bar but the asshole bartender said he didn't care and called his meat head buddy over to try and remove us. Form the time we entered the bar till they tried to remove us was less than 10 minutes for this whole thing to go down. Iv worked in F&B for 15 years and have never as a patron been treated in that way by an establishment before. You don't kick out someone just because you think someone flicked you off. The costumer comes first over your own personal insecurity. I was very polite and told the bartender we would leave because we didn't want any trouble but he preceded on grabbing the bouncer and putting hand on me and my friends over a alleged middle finger. Never again well I spend money in this establishment. Drink at your own risk!"  I know why I haven't been in so long. The place was so packed you cannot even here yourself think Forget the chain 'pubs' - this place is the real deal!  you always feel at home here. A bit dark but always a good crowd to liven it up. Great service and plethora of liquor or tasty local or Irish beers. I must admit there are not many nights where I don't end up here before heading home. For anyone new to the area this a staple for your uptown pleasure. Slainte" Definitely my favorite Charlotte bar. The bartenders are friendly the the Guinness is the best in the city Great atmosphere. Anyone who has been to the UK will appreciate it. A proper pub mate!  Staff engages just enough. Can't wait to watch FOOTIE or a rugby match there!  didn't feel the need to chat with you which I like. Only gripe I have is that they only have one bathroom for each gender." Pretty bummed that due to them double booking the venue and not being fully staffed "Boy do I love Irish bars and dive bars.  This place combines them both in an amazing way.  Small little inside with an upstairs and a patio.  At 3 PM One final personal note: if you come here and order Bud Light (or some other equivalent) you're wasting space and need to be eradicated." The food is also pretty good.  They have a few german dishes that pair well with the beer options and also a few other typical bar food items.  The drink specials are enough to keep you coming back as well...along with the activities on different nights (trivia tuesday night  and more obscure ones.  Very friendly place and everyone is more than willing to offer suggestions as to which beers to try.  Plus plenty of deal nights and specials to keep you from going broke.  There are also lots of fun gimmicky deal and theme nights which just makes for a fun time if you want to participate." I do give a huge nod to the beer selection and for that one reason I am likely to go back."  you'd be better off sampling their fare than wading into this Applebees of a bar. Great beer selection; decent service; atmosphere feels like they tried to cram the entire British Isles into a space next to Kinkos." Didn't try the food so I can't comment on that." F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA  however it is a great place for people who are willing to try something new and expand their beer horizons.  Be cautious when experimenting because they do carry some very expensive brews.  The service is ussually great and one of the most difficult things to do is to avoid the cook-out drive thru after a fun night of some tasty bevs  salads on top of the regular bar cuisine. My coworkers and I head out there every Tuesday for half-priced lunches and we're usually back on Friday nights to kick off the weekend. The saucer raises the bar on the ""cute girls and beer"" business model and usually attracts a very outgoing   easy-to-socialize with crowd."  6 13) and the bartender was kind of an a-hole.  I think it was because I'm not a ""local"" as he was pretty condescending when I asked about the local beers.  I'll probably go back "It's fairly obvious when you see an endless line of platters on the wall highlighting those who have had 200 or more different beers... the place is popular and its regulars are very much so.  This place is about beer "Five stars for being exactly what it sets out to be: a beer lover's ultimate experience! I am now on a quest to drink 200 different beers from all around the world to get my name on a platter. The burger was good  but I guess thats not what its all about.  Pool tables in back Good place to hit up if you have never been." You can't say you've toured the University area without a stop at The Saucer. Experience that ""certain something"" it has on the competition and let me know what you think!" The strip mall is a dreadful location- but that is to be expected in University Area. The outdoor area is ok."  great bartenders. What more can I say? Perfect for someone wanting to enjoy a beer with good friends. Monday night is the night for great specials but I prefer to go the other nights of the week when The Saucer is a bit quieter. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is has nothing good to say about Charlotte night life best beer selection in Charlotte. Great staff and on Wednesdays you get to keep the pint glass.  come here for the beer and the energy and you'll enjoy every minute!" I only wish I lived closer so I could visit more often..."  so keep that in mind; also around lunch time during the weekend often people bring their babies (They bring a BABY to a BAR!) which is annoying if you like to say the F word or talk about your hot hole." They have free wi fi-you know if you want to take your computer to a bar and get your wi fi on. Even though I wasn't completely sold on their food or service  but not packed and our service was great - even with a waitress in training tagging along!  The beer selection was amazing and they had some great specials ( I was able to partake in a pumpkin beer for the first time for just 4 bucks  :) )   I had an order of nachos and this was the one disappointment of the evening...the sauces they came with were great  they will get to know you and you will be treated like family."  or drool over dopplebock The Flying Saucer has many an option for you  and good service. Most of the waitstaff is knowledgeable about the beer selections they offer  I'm going to discuss with my Beer Goddess which brew is next on my list!"  this is worth checking out if you are serious about beer." The food is pretty good and the atmosphere is great for a group of friends having a few beers.  If you are looking for a great selection of beer We came with a group for a little unofficial Yelp event on trivia night and we won first place...no big deal." "Tuesday night trivia is so much fun here!  You should probably sit the near the front...the sound in the back is not so good.  The winners get a $50 gift certificate to the restaurant.  They can be quite communist about smart phone users  and a huge outdoor patio.  My last visit was a Wednesday night around 6pm.  There wasn't an empty seat in the house but It worked out well for me because I kicked my date's ass in darts!  I've never really had dinner here but I've had the pretzel and it was really yummy!  I would definitely be a regular here if it was closer to my home." As for Trivia - they run a tight ship and it's a blast! The MC is really good and calls out all potential cheaters. Love it! I'll be back again soon when I'm in the University Area." F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA I am still working towards my name being emblazoned on the wall... (75 beers in).  I like the fact that I started my UFO club membership in Raleigh and will probably finish it here in Charlotte." Not really even sure how you can bad mouth the place....its beer heaven If you join the UFO club you receive opportunities for coupons F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA  except for the Sheboygan side-by-side with the hot German potato salad.  It's the closest thing to Wisconsin you can get in Charlotte."  but i'm sure its the same great friendly atmosphere  I don't drink beer.  So that's not a draw for me.  But I do eat food and I have friends who drink beer.  So I came here for dinner and comradery and was pleasantly not severely disappointed.  Most bar food is wretched and disgusting with little selection and bad service.  But here the food was almost decent in quality and quite tasty with a wide selection and above mediocre service.  It's actually OK.  I wouldn't come here just for dinner  & hippy hollow all likewise!  Wish they were in my neck of the woods.  Taco Mac would be out of biz!!" Love the selection and chocolate stout! Great service and knowledgeable staff. Went on a Tuesday had half off lunch. My one complaint?  Too far from home."  I would definately go back. The atmosphere and the extensive draft list are alluring The only thing I would improve is the building itself.  It should be 3x the size and maybe have an upstairs that is like a huge wraparound balcony so you can see and be part of all the action below."  and outstanding service (even on a busy night.)  We only went for a snack and a few beers Love this bar and the idea. Tons of beer and interesting people. The girls that work there really know their beer and usually make excellent recommendations. It can be a bit loud if it's busy so sometimes talking can be a challenge. The backroom is usually better in those situations. They've also renovated the back room so "I always come here after playing a round of Par 3 golf next door.  How can you go wrong with hundreds of beers I. Love. Flying. Saucer. By far my favorite place in Charlotte to grab a beer. It's even better now that smoking is longer allowed inside.  this place can be REALLY loud inside.  Like uncomfortably loud Not a huge fan of the servers in mini skirts but I have a feeling that may be a gender related bias :)" large selection of draft and specials on pricing.  Quality staff. Love it!  Huge beer selection and great bar food.  Raunchy Trivia and warm soft pretzels.  Plus lots of attractive bar maids! "Great place to hangout for a while and catch a game. I always sit at the bar. Lots and lots of beer to choose from and if you have any questions about any of the beer someone will always be there to help you out. Very friendly staff and service is awesome. Food is great! Tasty and not greasy which is a nice change from typical bar food. This place has definitely opened the ""beer door"" for me. I've been trying lots of different beers that I don't think i would ever have done if not for discovering this place!" "Great place and enough beer there to please anyone. You have to join the beer club and try to drink around the world. I am in the process of this now and I am having a lot of fun doing it! The food is ok but when you do go there you MUST get the pretzels the dipping sauce is great. You can either dip it in Cheese sauce or spicy mustard. I tell you  and pint night for $3 on Monday." Great food and great brew! Definitely will be back.  so I go there a lot for their unveiling parties.  It's a nice open environment and they have a great selection of brews.  The giant pretzel is the way to go.  So fluffy and lovely :)" I definitely recommend this place if you are a beer fanatic.  You won't be disappointed." I had the Hummingbird H20 and it was yummy.  I then tried the Snakebite which wasn't as yummy but it wasn't terrible.  Our server was great and really knowledgeable about all of the drinks (the Snakebite wasn't her recommendation for me but I was being adventurous).  Which is quite impressive since there are hundreds to choose from.    Greatest part was that the drinks were cheap.  Only $5 a piece for my tall glasses of brew.  Definitely a great place to chill with good people and kick back a few.  There's also a full menu.  Always best to drink on a full stomach just something I learned over the years :-)" This is the premier establishment to grab a craft or import beer north of Uptown. Can be overrun with UNCC students and other beer fanatics. Sometimes difficult to find a table for large parties. Absolutely love this joint and always stop in for a quick brew if in the area! Cheers!" I'm also (literally) offended that the Flying Saucer charges 99 for their iPhone and Android apps... but that is neither here nor there." "Pretzels are sooo good. Beware the mustard has horseradish and your nose will work WAY Better. Great pizza but Damn  this place is definitely a place to hang out and just conversate (you'll notice a ton of college students during the school year as UNCC is not even 5 minutes away). Hours will fly by especially if you're curious on what type of beer is good and what isn't. The only problem here I find is that it is a little pricey  and start working your plate!" Great place for beer and mingling. The food is fair.  in which they have ""Damn Near All"" for $3.00 a pint.  The girls dress nice (for a guy like myself - Hey! I enjoy the atmosphere).  They usually wear some type of kilted dress and that gives the place some bonus points in my opinion.  The food here is pretty stellar too for a bar joint.  Bratwurst and the girls wear super short plaid skirts (if you're into that sort of thing) :)" The beer selection is amazing...definitely a place to check out if you are a beer person...all types of beer from all around the world...and I can't forget the food is pretty good too!  but get there early as seats tend to fill fast and customers spend all day in their booths." Aswesome beer selection. I love coming here. You won't find a lot of pampas jerks in this bar like other places in the university which make for a pretty nice time for the non-fratty crowd young and older alike. Try the standard Monday night Pint Night or Trivia through out the week. You will not be let down." Pretty good food here and the beer selection is of the chain.  if you want to enjoy a good meal and a good beer plan to do it earlier in the day." "Tons of beer...lost a star for  it was on the table in a minute or two.  Had the Sheboygan Side-by-Side with fries instead of potato salad.  The fries were a little cold  as are the rocket tots.  I am never disappointed when I leave  5.99 on weekdays for a specific sandwich plate each day.  The club is my favorite lunch special."  but very fun :-) Oh and they allow dogs on the patio so we bring ours every once in a while."  this place has tons of it and while I really wanted to take a run for getting my own plate on the wall  the men are always in for the treat of eye candy. They're friendly in here to say the least. Watch for weekly deals such as cheaply priced pints and local brews. Also the food ain't all that bad." Everyone else liked their sandwiches tho so we will probably be back except I for sure wont get that again." Music - one live man guy playing the guitar was cool. Played various music of 90s  and video games. They frequently air DirecTV sports games. There is both indoor and outdoor seating." I like the beer selection and love the Colorado beer connection since I have roots from there. However the food side needs a little work. More pizza selections and sizes wouldn't hurt would they? Appetizers aren't bad in general. Overall it's a decent place to go for a chain joint.  to the point that it's hard to hear any conversation at all.  Not sure how that could be remedied  but a bit on the slower side. We placed our order for food and while I ordered a side salad in place of fries with my burger--- and it didn't arrive that way---it was quickly corrected! We had these Rocket Tots as an appetizer and the jalapeo sour cream they serve them with is perfect!!!  Really enjoyed those spicy tots! :). My burger was great Only thing downside about Flying Saucer is all the tables and booths are very close together. With it being busy last night  but this visit just completely soured me on the place.  They really have nothing here I can't get somewhere I like better." Good food and drinks before going to a concert at the verizon wireless amphitheatre up the street. ~Cheers  that is just pretty lame. Not to mention who doesn't inventory when they initially receive items??"  the beer is cold and the waitresses add to the fun." "Slow service. Horribly under staffed. Waited a while to get my order taken  the wait staff was great. I got to the restaurant about 20 minutes before the rest of my party. The waitress Lauren was more than happy to chat for a couple of minutes while I waited." Best beer selection in the area. Wait staff is so friendly and knowledgeable.  Heck the waitresses know more about beer than I do! That's saying something. The brat con queso  is a an awesome appetizer.  and playing darts. It was great! Service was spot on as well"  atmosphere and of course the beers..."  it's super hard to find.  It's kind of tucked in a corner and you don't see it really until you are right in front of it.  They had a great beer selection and a lot of the beers I had never even heard of.  I liked how they had them grouped on the menu.  The brats I had were good but the service sucked.  It took forever for my cousin and I to get waited on and the waitress didn't seem that friendly.  I'd probably give it another chance because I liked the beer selection." Monday has really good specials for draft beers. And seasonal rotations offer great new selections."  but you can find so many delicious beers. I don't turn it down when someone wants to go. I recommend the bratwurst plate I feel like sometimes the saucer is over rated but maybe that's because sometimes I just want a Miller Lite  friendly service. Good place to go for a relaxing and fun atmosphere Really had fun. The food is great and the staff are really nice and attentive. The selection of beer is just crazy large and staff is fairly knowledgable about the beer and can even make great recommendations.  and it's always clean. Can't get much better than that."  and beer knowledgeable. The food is good but not great. Had the Hippie Burger which was supposed to have a jalapeno pesto. The burger was good but there was no taste of jalapeno at all which is what I was hoping for. The group I was with shared the pretzels (incredible spicy mustard) and the rocket tots. The pretzels were good but the tots were nothing to rave about. The next time I went had the beer and cheese soup and shared a pizza Loved this place...... world's best beer is served here.. service is very good....  but I don't think I've ever had a bad experience. It's a pretty reliable a good time." Great set of Drafts available. Great atmosphere for drinking. Its usually crowded on weekdays and weekends are worst.  4 tables in the whole place.  Very Disappointed after reading the other reviews."  they're some of the best in town." F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA "Awesome waitress.  Awesome concept.  Awesome beer.  Awesome appetizers.  Pretty good food.  Not AMAZING Certainly worth a trip if you're in the area."  when it was not crowded. No offer to comp food and no apology. Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone!" "Not a great selection of beer for a place called a ""Draught Emporium"".  Also the food was less than mediocre and they were out both chicken tenders and pizza when we were there.  There are a lot of much better places to get craft beer and bar food in Charlotte."  I don't think you can find a place that has more beer on tap.  The food has always been good.  I love getting the rocket tots.  Overall the service is good.  If you're a beer person you need to go to this place.  You'll enjoy yourself." Bailey and Erika are amazing! They are so attentive and so personable! They both let us know all of the awesome specials throughout the week. I will definitely keep coming back. And their UFO club is awesome! Gives me a reason to sample all of the beer types and try something new everytime I come. Hands down best bar in Charlotte. Dinged them for a star as the food choices don't have many vegetarian options."  very impressive draught beer selection with lots of excellent local beers. Waitresses were outstanding. Our regular stop to and from Raleigh."  a good stop before a fun show." Throughout October they are doing different decades... so brush up before you go!"  and I really like this one too. The waitress was exceptionally helpful and friendly. I was impressed by the variety of pumpkin beer they had and the crepes were as good as in Austin. This saucer gets extra win points because a guy celebrating his plate party was in a giant bear costume and I got to be a part of that."  nothing to write home about in the food department but they make up for it in the extensive drink selection.  Great group room in the back that is quiet enough to facilitate large groups that can actually hear each other." "Great atmosphere and awesome beer selections. Wait staff was friendly. Food was mediocre unfortunately. The burgers came out well done. Waitress never even asked us how we wanted them cooked. This makes me believe the burger were previously frozen. The German potato salad had a big pool of oil at the bottom of the cup. Yes the German potato salad is made with oil  I had to ask about the particular manager from my last encounter and found out she was no longer with them. Added bonus!" Overall this place is awesome."  I definitely don't recommend their shepherd's pie.  Portion was small Always a great place to hangout with friends! Many of my college memories are associated with this place. Great atmosphere. Great servers(and beautiful as well ).  and this place is like heaven!  Sign up for their UFO club and not only get a tshirt and their incentives  then the flying saucer is the right spot. If you are looking for dinner and drinks You have a better selection to choose from :) great atmosphere."  and for the amazing pretzels. The Flying Saucer has amazing hot soft pretzels! The bar is usually pretty busy "I really like the Flying Saucer... It's something about the eclectic college hang out spot feel that would keep me coming back... That and their enormous beer selection! I only been here twice and the food is spot on.... Their burgers are definitely some of the best that I had in Charlotte... The bacon wrapped jalapeos are great Amazing selection of beer. Little pricey Great selection of beer and never a letdown. Any time that I have gotten food here it is pretty standard bar food - burger and fries kind of stuff. My favorite is the pretzel appetizer! So for me Ive been here on several occasions and overall its safe to say that ive had a great experience everytime.  The staff is attentive and is always readily available to refill your glass. They have an amazing beer selection that could suit to pretty much anyones taste. I havent explored the food menu to deeply but the pretzels are great as well as the cheese fries. Ill definitely be back. Our experience here has always been great!! Most of the wait staff is exceptional but Ashleigh Parella is the stuff!! We won't sit anywhere else but for her to take care of us!! Also Chris is an awesome manager!! Love all around!! Beers are off the chain and food is above bar food standards "They have tons and tons of beer options available and revolving specials.  Once you hit a certain amount of beers you get a plate with your name added to the wall or ceiling.  I am not quite sure as to how many it takes but it will take quite a few trips.  Their soft pretzels and cheese are awesome!  The pretzels are tender i've had this several. the staff seems to be a bit distracted most of the time which makes it hard to get an order in but the beer is endless and good and the girls are smokin hot. Pet friendly outside. The food isnt so bad. Also cool promos and glasses.  very good. Good times with great folks." Great beer selection and the staff is very friendly! I had the pretzel and it was fresh and so tasty. I'll definitely be back to try some of their other food selections and beers. 07 09. Trying it again...hot beer and an 86.5 food score I'll pass on the food and next time on flying saucer as well. It's a shame I have to leave a whole star" Room is like an old pub with the exception of the several hundred Saucers on the Walls and Ceiling from those who have come before and have been sucessful"  excellent beers and great food. The only thing I don't like here is the waiters are always changing and most of them can't do their job properly because they are either new or maybe it's because they don't write down their orders. Service is awful here. But it's still the best burger in town." I'm not a beer drinker which might be horrifying to some that I even go here... But I'm addicted to the pretzels and for the first time the other night I tried actual food -Hippie burger was surprisingly delicious! Had no idea it wasn't a meat patty it's so flavorful and filling! (Newly vegetarian going on 3months and have had a lot of disappointing vegetarian and vegan options elsewhere) this burger was a pleasant surprise "Tremendous selection of beers.  Fun atmosphere. Had the double brats with german potato salad.  The brats were excellent and the potato salad was the best I've ever had "Their beer selection is amazing...Waitresses are not always so great! Paige is really good through! She is super fast and never leaves you with an empty cup! Overall it is an amazing little place. I have never seen so many options for draft beers! If you go try the Rocket Tots We have been coming here for several years and have never been disappointed with the food or service. Lauren's Goat Cheese salad is perfection. I hope to explore more of their local beer selections as they seemed to rep quite a few NC brews."  which I guess they want.  They have many beer selections.  The soft pretzels are pretty good.  I would definitely go back for a casual night out. The service has always been decent.  Nothing special or different about it."  and this place has wonderful selections!!! Don't forget to wash that tasty beverage down with some bratwursts and pretzels!!!"  ect.  The atmosphere is awesome and you will not be disappointed.  They try and have different events at least once a month which is nice if you are a regular it keeps things interesting.  The staff is very kind and always knows exactly what my wife wants to eat and drink.  The one thing I am disappointed in is their ""health score"" and I hope they bring it up." They also hold events there throughout the year celebrating numerous things  but the manager took our beers off the bill!  We are hoping a location will open up in Greensboro!"  you are greeted by plates all on the ceiling. These are no ordinary plates! These plates hold the names of all that have accomplished tasting just about every beer that has been on tap (they say 200 is when you get you saucer on the ceiling). They have craft beers that are to die for.....rare beers you won't find at very many places. I'll be back tomorrow for the 3.50 pints. Looking forward to it. I may have to get my membership so I can eventually get myself a saucer on the ceiling......CHEERS!" We will not visit this location again."  but if the pretzels are the same as in Raleigh.. They are life changing with the queso and mustard! The mustard is spicy and a game changer." First time I used the app to find somewhere near that was good since we didn't know the area!"  I suggest you land and perform some maintenance before taking off on another flight." My boyfriend and I stopped by to kill some time when we were driving from DE to SC. The draft list was impressive - I was very much a fan. Great place to grab a quick drink if you want to try something different! Great place to go if you like beer. The food is really good too especially the stuffed jalapeos. The waitress was extremely nice and offered free tasting of any of the beers we were interested in. "I enjoy both locations in Raleigh and Charlotte but I will agree with the others that the Raleigh one has the better vibe. I like the dark mood lighting in the Charlotte location but the TVs are set too high so you have to crane your neck to see them if you sit at the bar. Nice selection though  sometimes the less said the better it is"  although we might choose to sit outside if the weather permits." If you want to skip the chain restaurants and don't mind girls in short skirts check it out." Not bad for a few drinks and some OK food. Service wasnt bad though. 3 stars just because the burger I had was average.  very blah. I guess it's there for when you've drank too many beers. Great selection and menu though. Wouldn't be my first choice as a place for dinner Great place for beer lovers the best selection I have seen.  The plate for 200 beers cool concept. The staff is nice and know their beers.  Good service and fair prices.  The food is only ok. The ambience is fun. Overall  a great place to drink. This place is awesome!! There's one in Raleigh too. Dog friendly outside with lots of craft beers to choose from. Loaded rocket tots are yummy!!!  I do not believe you can find a location that's more beer on tap. The food has always been great. I adore getting the rocket tots. Overall the service is great. If you are a beer man you should go to this area. You will love yourself."  and are more than happy to give you a sample pouring if you ask them. The food is good. There's some solid appetizer options like the large pretzels or the bacon wrapped jalapeos; it is a little pricey though. For the most part  and this place always leaves me quenched and drunk which is what I love. Sunday and Monday nights are hopping because of the $3.50 pint specials. The wait staff is friendly and the bar tenders are extremely nice. Many people who go here have a plate on the ceiling. The taps change daily and very fast which keeps things exciting every time I come back here. I would bring my own 65 year old father here who hasn't drank since his wedding day to drink wonderfully crafted draft beer here. WWCKD ? Also I love this place and it might love me back." Great food and atmosphere. The service we received was excellent and the food was very tasty. The Flying Saucer's beer selection is out of this world. How they also have such good food is completely alien to me. But don't have too many IPA's and nachos or Uranus will go supernova and turn into an all-enveloping black hole.  I have been a fan of Flying Saucer for awhile. This is the first time we have been at this location and it was a perfect stop in our travels. We sat at the bar and the bartender was extremely friendly. Of course their beer list is extensive and has something for just about any beer lover. I like that they categorize their beers by styles. I hate searching and searching for a beer to try in an unorganized list. I ended up getting a sour and it was the perfect treat for the summertime heat! The bartender was also very gracious in allowing us to taste several beers we had never heard of and we chatted a bit about our favorites. My husband got the bahn mi for dinner and he said the pork was very dry "Stopped in before a show at PNC Music Pavilion for an indoor tailgate. Beer selection is outstanding - some craft beer joints go for quality and not quantity. Others focus a little too much on local brews. This place has the perfect combo of both. Well thought variety from around the world. And who would have thought the food was good G1qUGBNYNS220jKlPAlFsA Classic neighborhood bar.  Good strong drinks at good prices. I think the bar food is great (try the spudsters!) I love this place because it hasn't changed a bit - the food is still awesome Yummy food! Great service! Family friendly atmosphere! Great Prices! "Quaint little townie spot downtown Middleton.  Nice divey spot for a beer.  Inside smells like old people and moth balls  and rarely stays open past midnight - it's just not that sort of bar. Go across the street to Hody for late-night drinking. Any other time though I would actually give this place a 3.5 if that were possible. I docked it because it has a limited menu with mostly fried food  good flavor. Fries were good. Def will go back and try burgers there." UPDATE: I've spoken with a couple of people that are thinking it may be a fluke that I ended up with frozen patties the time I was there. Apparently they have a machine there that they make their patties with. I'm going to have to revisit in the near future to investigate." A total dive but the burgers are seriously amazing. Bar tenders were friendly and the beer (limited) was cheap.  but I find it endearing.  We've been back a few times now and love going with friends for a casual Friday night.  Great specials (love the Friday fish...but be prepared to eat only fried food).  My all-time favorite is their summer sausage reuben...if you love reubens you cannot go wrong with this jewel!  Fries are always hot and fresh and service is always friendly.  One of Middleton's best kept local secrets!" "Want a burger?  Go here!  Price is a little on the high side for some of their dishes "A bit awkward. Kind of like the snack bar at a summer camp. Very nice people in there and the drinks were good. Decor was lacking Don't go looking for the lobster.  Go for the specials "I love the small town bar feel. Good food  and they like the fish fry on Fridays.  I'll stick to my cheeseburger." I felt like I'd been here before the minute I walked in - the menu and atmosphere were indistinguishable from other taverns I'd been to.  Their tap beer selection was good and its obvious they do a lot of business.  If this is what you are looking for  and really good food--we'll be back!"  this isn't your place.  Madison has plenty of excellent choices in that department.  This place is homey and will serve you a solid burger and fries Great old school bar. Burgers are fantastic. The service is good .the price point is good for Middleton. Will be going back again. The very definition of a Wisconsin bar.  Good food and they make one of the best old fashioneds I've ever had.  I wish they were open on Sundays too.  2 hush puppies and coleslaw.   The meal was better then expected and exceeded expectations.   The Village Green is a traditional Wisconsin Tavern that has great service.   I am looking forward to next Friday already!   I forgot to mention that they have a decent selection of on tap beer.   I tried the Winter Skull  very tasty food and a friendly atmosphere; you cannot go wrong."  and even some kids menu options.  I decided to try their cheese curds (great!) and the friday fish fry.  The hush puppies were too dry.  I'd recommend staying away from those.  The fish was good  keep looking...this is your typical neighborhood tavern and it made me feel like I was back home in the Milwaukee area.  The best burgers in Madison...hands down!  Good fries and cheese curds too...they had a number of other dishes that sounded yummy too.  Super friendly staff.  We will definitely be back!"  a nice selection of local brews on tap and fast friendly service this place is for you." This is an OK place for Friday Night Fish Fry.  My daughter likes the Hush Puppies and Spudsters.  There is no choice of fish - you get deep-fried cod or nothing. The price is reasonable and the waitstaff is friendly. Go soft and juicy burgers!  I dream and crave these burgers.  Basic cheese burger with pickles and they special mustard. Sweet potato fries are out of blunts ." Companion had a Bacon Cheeseburger. She claimed it was tasty... Given companion isn't really a bacon cheeseburger sort of gal  and in the smallest quantity I've ever seen. You can find somewhere better if you're only going for food." This place may not be much to look at but the food is good. We ordered the fish sandwich and the spicy pub chips. The fish sandwich tasted fresh and was cooked well. The pub chips were tasty and the blue cheese sauce that came with it was excellent. They have some good beer on tap to wash it down. I will come here again.  and the dipping sauce had just a bit of kick. Nice beer selection.  Casual  the amount of food for the money is unlike anything I've ever experienced."  casual place. With other places competing with each other who is ""cooler""...Village Green just is without trying. An American and Wisconsin classic. Hope this place sticks around forever." Went there to eat for lunch. I got a salad with a reuben sandwich and my fiancee got the sloppy Joe sandwich and some seafood gumbo. The food was really good and our waitress was really nice and friendly. I would definitely go back to eat here again.  pre-formed tasteless meat pucks would be about right. Locals may love it because it's close and their taste buds are already damaged. I don't know why anyone would go here twice." So disappointed.  Craptastic.  The food isn't fresh. Sandwiches and burgers do not come with fries or anything.  Service was REALLY S-l-o-w and the place had like 3 other people so it wasn't like they were busy.   Atmosphere was awful.  Think your grandparents basement.......  the decor is cool vintage and I've been coming here for 35 years. Great selection of tap beers as well. I can't believe I only have 8 check-in's...I suppose I shouldn't make it egregious because I could probably have 10 more. I had a cheeseburger with American and grilled onions the other day. I had been getting the fish sandwich and I forgot how good this place is. Crispy and crunch outside crust and a perfect medium in the middle. I'd go here everyday but I don't think my cardiologist will let me." Glad to find it in Middleton."  classic Wisconsin bar atmosphere with plenty of wood paneling and no nonsense food.  The burgers are fantastic  and he was correct! Simple but delicious with just the right amount of grease and a LOT of flavor. The burgers were very small though  typical Wisconsin Pub and everyone is friendly and service is great. I always take out of state business visitors there for lunch and now have return visitors always asking to go back to the pub. Highly recommend this place for great food at very reasonable prices." The Village Green restaurant was an excellent experience. I went with a big group of people (most of them intoxicated) but still had a wonderful time. We all got our drinks and food very quickly. My bacon cheeseburger was exquisite. Very good place for a cold Wisconsin evening. Keep it up Village Green I'll see you again in the future. P.S. The cheese curds gave me a semi."  but sure tasty. The spicy (?) pup chips with it were perfect. Great hole in the wall."  but the best seat is at the main bar. With a built in open kitchen and flattop grill to smell the burgers cooking! They have some tasty daily specials too on the menu." Good bar food. The Friday fish fry is hit or miss. Decent tap beer selection. Service is always very good. "Simple local spot with great food and even better service. The wait staff was not only extremely attentive  the positive: Really Great tasting burger. Laid back atmosphere that is not pretentious. Only negative is that it was pricier than I'd expect. $12 and some change for a burger and fries with water."  it was ok.  My biggest problem is that the portions were for ""polite"" people.  I wanted a meatier meal.  My eldest had the Patty Melt Classic burger joint   dive bar that has been around forever and has not changed a bit since I started going there a long time ago.   Prices are great.   Service is excellent.  Burgers are definitely the thing to eat.   Tap list is great (especially for a divey bar in Wisco).  Definitely worth stopping by for a burger and brew if in area.  there's better food at other places.  But Village Green has a unique charm that will invite you back time and time again." Fun place with great service great burgers. I've been coming here for years and was shocked when they started bringing your burger in a plastic basket instead of the piece of wax paper they used to. I was worried they might be getting a bit fancy but nope  but well worth the effort (delicious!!!). My wife and daughter both had double cheeseburgers with bacon and wanted to come back the next day for more! Wait staff very friendly and helpful."  did I mention the incessant flies throughout the establishment? Yeah  but nonetheless it's a great little neighborhood pub with friendly bartenders "Great local pub!  The staff are super friendly.  My favorite menu items are the reuben  old and all. I shall be back there to sample more beer and heckle at Olympic games on a TV screen."  they apologized profusely and hit us up with a free spinach & artichoke dip appetizer. Very sweet." I am so stoked to have found a great fish fry place so close to our house. We will definitely be going back soon."  which I thought was a great price.  The burgers were huge and very tasty along with the cheesecurds and fries.  I will definitely visit this place again next time we're in town." "EXCELLENT tap-beer selection with many microbrews.  EXCELLENT liquor selection as well with lots of flavored vodkas and rums and the like.  Prices are average.  Always a diverse and friendly crowd.  The food is okay.  The pizza is actually pretty delicious  with an emphasis on Wisconsin brews.  It only gets really crowded for trivia nights (Tues and Wed 8-10) but other than that not too bad."  extremely friendly and hard working.  They seem short staffed often but they all run their butts off and there is hardly a wait for anything!  Last night I had the Rueben w  waffle fries and it was delicious!  I would suggest getting a big screen TV for watching the games but what they have works well too!  I love this place  not quite dive-y but pleasantly local. Not unexpected based on the location. Went for the Bell's tap take-over for Mad-Craft-Beer-Week. Wife and I had the fish "Had a great 5 piece perch fish fry with yummy waffle fries.  Good food "I love their friday night fish fry . The price is right and great bluegil and perch. I have to keep going back there. love it! I defeintely recommend fish or even sandwiches Edit: Turns out the fish wasn't so good- ended up being up all night with food poisoning.  Yup I'd come back to try non-fish fry some night." Really nice place. Great beers on tap. I've been to Dexters a couple times now and am in love with one thing about it; the beer selection.  Pretty impressive for a tiny little place.  Each time I've been I've gotten walleye as previously stated there is no superior crappie  as long as you get there at the right time. Great selection of micro brews. Interesting and delicious food. The last time I went in for food and a beer it was lovely. However on previous occasions  7 24.  Tried the pizza burger after someone finally decided to come A. get a drink order after sitting down 5 minutes prior.  B.  Recite the specials off the chalk board because they didn't know what the specials were.  The  burger was ok  as it's walking distance from our house. Fine fish fry and good other offerings. Really kid friendly before 7 (seriously  because that's when the trivia crowd is there and the place is packed to the gills." I love the tap beer selection and all of the entrees we've tried have been great!"  just be prepared for a long wait for both a table and the food but I believe it is worth it... great beer choices that change frequently and we were pleasantly surprised by their sandwiches as well. We went in on an off night (Monday) to watch a football game... We were seated right away and the game atmosphere was great with many televisions so you don't have to worry about where you are seated."  Dexter's is a cool spot that I will continue to frequent!"  we NEVER come here on Fridays after 6pm....forget it.  If you don't mind dining with the Greyhairs....you'll do just fine." "After reading several rave reviews for the fish fry we decided to try this place.  We arrived at 5:30 on a Friday in Lent and knew we were already in trouble when parking was hard to find.  The dining room was packed and we were told there would be an hour wait.  Since we had driven across town Absolutely the best place to get a delicious Reuben and brew fries in town! My favorite dive on the Eastside of Madison.  or Walleye. I went with the fried cod which was absolutely delicious. I couldn't turn down the garlic chili fries or their home made chili. Needless to say I could have used a wheel chair for the way out! It was by far one of the better fish fry joints to go to in town and I will for sure be back. My only complaint with the place was that they don't take reservations and they won't do carry out during lent (due to an overwhelming amount of business) but it's good to see a business that does so much business they have to turn some away."  you won't be disappointed. And if you're looking for a fun place to watch a Badger victory with friends 6 27 13 Met my wife for drinks & dinner at Dexter's Pub.  They have a great tap beer selection (lots of micro brews).  They also have many bourbon and whiskey options.  I opted for a cold and yellow pint of PBR.  I rode my bike after all.  We started with their hummus plate.  We'd recommend you ask them to put the pita on the flat grill vs. having them fried or plain.  We had them plain which was okay.  There were plenty of crisp veggies.  We then shared a catfish po'boy with fries.  The catfish was generous and tasty.  The bread was okay.  The fries were great.  They do a great job for only having a flat grill and a deep fryer. No carry out on Friday nights!?!  I'm new to the area and was looking to trying Dexters Friday fish fry after hearing so many great reviews. Unfortunately I didn't get the chance as they do not provide a carry out option on Friday nights. I was speechless went told this over the phone!  I did try another place (Brothers Three) that was happy to provide carry out to this customer and it was wonderful! "9 27 13 My wife and I stopped in for lunch.  Their catfish po'boy is even more awesome because their bread improved!  They have many great reasons to stop in "The food is great and the craft beers are even better. The staff is very friendly but I docked them two whole stars because the service is very untimely. You will often spend time waiting for what you want They have THE BEST Italian beef sandwich I've found in the 608 and pretty darn near close to Portillo's. Only thing that's slightly off from the hundreds of sandwiches I swallowed back in the windy city - the bread. But that's not enough to make me never want to order it again... in fact I'm thinking about going there tomorrow. The atmosphere leans more neighborhood dive which might not make you say  and seriouslygreatcraftbeerlist. Their beers are all of the cant-pick-up-at-the-gas-station variety and it's worth coming by just for that--the menu diversity is the cherry on top of my craft beer float."  the staff is friendly.  The beer menu is ridiculously long.  Go to Dexter's  but were not disappointed. Service was fast and we had two great beers and our soup before we knew it. One of the best beer lists in town too! Great homemade chips and french onion dip and a locally made pretzel with great dips came next. Smelt fry was great! Very lightly breaded as advertised (nothing like the pre breaded frozen kind) and great tartar sauce. Pizza had great thin crust. We would definitely come back again for many reasons."  I wasn't expecting to fall in love with Dexter's.  I don't think one has to worry about that considering my experience.  Our food was just so...terrible.  I ordered the salmon salad  and it was like sitting there. But without the friendly faces and awesome tap line up." "Still tasty!  This is just an update to say that trivia night is only on Tuesdays now  and plenty of televisions for your viewing pleasure. The staff is always friendly and willing to recommend something." In summary: the fish fry is worth the wait & the Friday night crowd." I love the atmosphere at Dexters.  It's a great mix of people who are friendly and there to enjoy the beer food." The food is pretty mediocre. The pizza is good - they seem to make it fresh. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come here had I not lived in the neighborhood at the time. The pub quiz seems to be a good pull on Tuesdays It was a nice cozy place to wind up the end of my work week last night. To be continued..." Also a very friendly and knowledgeable staff."  and awesome beer selection that is always changing."  really. Piss-poor service that warrants nothing more than a single star. Bartenders were great  but now I'm planning to go here every Friday I can! And the beer selection is incredible. Great place with friendly service"  was surprised by the very small portion.  Fish was good though. I tried the shrimp poor boy. The bread was old and not toasted "Love this place.  Easy to feel like a local. Unbelievable how much great food comes out of such a small kitchen. And the beers are always an attraction. Some of the best craft beers in the country on tap. Nick the owner has a great knack for putting some great beers on tap.  One of our favorites. You'll never be disappointed.  The wait is long on Friday nights for fish  as well as a healthy bottled beer selection. Overall a decent experience. But come on if you are out if all the specials take'em down Brother. It's a bit frustration when you are out of half your menu and all of your specials." Went for lunch had the fish fry. Really bad over cooked just bad. Will not ever go back  I think the reason it took me so long to get here was my belief that they were cash only. I can't wait to go back" The only drawback is the wait on Fridays expect an hour plus.  They have a great beer selection to entertain your taste buds while you wait." HTplzElel_F_U_qhWuDKdg  I can't stop thinking about it. I want to have it again. Today. For lunch. But I'll exhibit some self-control and wait. Maybe I can get there this weekend......." CUOyvYzJvIf-_LjvxhmLdQ "Best fish fry in Madison "I take back what I said about the food being just ""okay"". Last time I was here I had a salmon salad that was incredible. So whatever complaints I had in 2010 no longer stand. I look forward to returning for another tasty meal."  which I felt paired well given the flavor of the brew.  This is my new favorite place on the east side of Madison!!" I'd go back for a drink on the back patio My first time to Dexter's and I would stay away.  Confused and rude staff combined with a dead mouse on the back patio as we first walked in.   We came for the Toppling Goliath tap take over and it was the most unorganized event I have ever been to!  a little tipsy from great mixed drinks and a huge beer selection and wondering when I will get to come back.  The bar staff is very friendly and attentive and I love their new TV screens showing their on tap beers.  The fish fry as mentioned is awesome and their chili fries though a tad on the oily side have incredible flavor.  They have great bloody Mary's but if you ask for spicy be prepared for good spice.  The music is great They need to go back to the old school beer chalk board." "When I lived in the neighborhood I went here a lot because it was convenient. Everything I've tried there has been A-OK. The dining room feels a little bit like a cafeteria  but they have a good selection of good ciders too.  Sadly no gluten-free beers anymore Really is the best fish fry. Try their pretzel the stone mustard and cheese dipping sauces are a must!!! "Still my favorite craft brew and a bite stop! Craft brew selection sometimes a bit on the eclectic side but always interesting. You have to see the very Cool ""live"" beer list! Anything on the menu is good and not your standard pub grub - real food. Try thin crust pizza with bacon sometime - great with some beers!  Good TVs and interesting music always in background." The food never disappoints - the garlic chili fries are the BEST. The fish fry is also worth the wait on a Friday night."  and good.  I'll definitely be back."  but certainly worth the wait.  Enjoy a drink at the bar area and unwind a bit before you're seated." Don't forget to ask for a cupcake!" HTplzElel_F_U_qhWuDKdg  a few is fine but there were a lot. I'll stick to the fried fish I think next time. Overall  icy chunks. My husband's walleye was not so excellent. Hard & over-fried. Our original waitress never checked back with us after our food was served but my husband did tell another server that the walleye coating was hard & the fish dry. Her reply to him was that she'd would tell Joe on Monday... How does that help my husband? We'd heard rave reviews about this place but not sure we're willing to give it another try based on inconsistent fare." HTplzElel_F_U_qhWuDKdg  and I love their daily food drink specials. They make their dressings and soups from scratch. I feel super lucky that Dexters is my neighborhood tavern!!!"  seemed like a nice neighborhood spot and friendly patrons all enjoying a Friday night  this made the experience very pleasant.!All the people there  eating were equally as pleasant and the breaded cod and walleye "Been to Dexter's a couple of times now. Food is good. Really like the BBLT. Great beer selection. I love the digital beer menu board that tells you good info on the beer  great beer selection (especially love the color coded items!). But "One of the best places to go for craft beers in Madison.  24 tap lines always have a varied selection of craft brews.  They host events regularly with tap takeovers or beer dinners.  This week is craft beer week and they have some of the best lineups of the week.  Even with being slammed the service is good.  The food is excellent.  The garlic-chili fries are a must.  My friend had the BBLT which is a BLT with brisket.  The brisket was more like pot roast "Great craft beer menu. An unexpected gem. I ordered the Catfish po boy Amazing selection of beer and have never had a bad meal there! Highly recommend on Friday night for the fish fry. Good prices on both alcohol and food  delicious Reuben!! I wasn't sure who I was tipping "Another east-side dive bar... not great I had a beer and a very good whisky sour. Looking forward to heading back soon."  but hopefully that says more about how great Madison is than it does about my (potentially) overly-optimistic ratings."  I'm happy that the place is finally open. A welcome addition to the neighborhood." I have high expectations of customer service and Tip Top Tavern failed  especially when we can bike there during warmer months!" All in all I really liked the ambiance (but I'd go early so I can hear better) and appreciate the reasonably priced & yummy options for both vegetarians and carnivores.  I hope they are able to work out the kinks along the way (i.e. Great for those who prefer unique destinations over corporate chains." But I think I'd still rather just go to Mickey's!" The small touches in design elevate the interior from the ordinary in an entirely pleasing way.  Tip Top is a great addition to the neighborhood and I look forward to enjoying it again soon." What I can say is this is my favorite all-around bar. Justin is a good down to earth guy. Even when it's busy he takes time to talk and makes custom drinks. I can definitely say Tip Top has the best mixed drinks in town. Add the tasteful decor and the decent pub food and this is one of the best neighborhood/dive bars in Madison." I came in yesterday with a pretty big group of ten plus we sat on the patio which was very nice. The waitress was very polite and was checking on us pretty consistently :).  This was the first time I had been there since it was redone and I really liked how it looked.  My friend and I tried the Chipotle Chicken and Wild Rice soup it was so delicious even on that very hot day so kudos to that!  I also tried one of the fried pickles with the sauce it came with it was also very good! Had a good time here.  and this sets the bar for us for the balance of our summer Saturday dining trek." They were surprisingly not busy last night probably due to the extensive road work currently happening right in front and all around the building. Now would be a great time to check them out if you haven't  great service and a friendly atmosphere.  Hope you do well Tip Top!" I love Tip Top Tavern's sister restaurant - Lazy Janes - and I would like to come back for brunch.  And  but I think there are better options a few minutes away."  but I hope it gets better because we really like the place. Was kind of embarrassing to have so many issues on my son's first visit "Bar looks great and seems like an excellent addition to Madison's east side. Service was quick and responsive. The items off the regular menu were fine. I had the Seitan Philly (no cheese) and my sister-in-law the Tuna So Gouda. It was the special that was a total dud. My wife and brother both ordered the taco special Cash is King...no credit/debit cards.  Everything is delicious and reasonably priced.  I have made it a point to try everything on their menu.  So far my favorite dish was a ""man maker"" walleye sandwich (Saturday special) with their own in house remoulade sauce.  You will require extra napkins.  The fried pickles are really good too... you may need to get some extra Tip Top sauce.  Bloodies and Brunch on the patio are a must.  They also have several specialty adult beverages... I would highly recommend the Ghost Mary.  The tap list caters to my ever changing palate... with Nitro on tap as well.  Overall Brunch was a few days ago and nearer to memory. I stopped in with a friend who ordered the pastrami hash and I had the veggie benedict. Mint and avocado? Apparently delicious! My only minor complaint on the benedict was that the tomatoes weren't quite ripe  as was the food.   The veggie patty was excellent! I like the coffee bar so that you don't have to wait for someone to refill your cup.   I will go back." But man -- don't go when there's even a chance it will be busy  but two people sitting at the bar or a table will be a-ok. Perhaps a larger group might have trouble hearing each other  it's hard to believe your in the same bar. I really thought they took down a wall or something. I've found the staff friendly and have had many fun conversations at the bar." The bar is cozy and it was a fun place to eat.  We might return just to drink a good beer and eat cheese curds in a nice atmosphere."  the food was good and the prices were very reasonable.  It is cash-only so make sure you have some on hand when you go there. We will definitely be back!" "Let's be honest here.  I like reubens.  Tip Top has best reuben I have had in Madison.  Best.  Here it is folks.  I probably shouldn't let you in on this because that's one less reuben for me.  This bad boy has the perfect balance of thick cut pastrami "Soooo happy to report that our most recent visit Oh and it gets one more star for replacing the old tavern which was mostly a place to buy cocaine and drink yourself to death.  Just the sort of upgrade the neighborhood could use." Not quite sure it was good enough to unseat Quivey's Grove at the ""Tip Top"" of my fish fry list HIGHLY recommend and we will be back!" After my last two very disappointing meals at the bar down the street  and the food is very good.  The cocktail menu is pretty creative too.  We've been there for breakfast on the weekends and dinner and I would recommend both.  Can get a little loud in there when it's rockin' The best. Period.  The best fish fry the best ambience the best drinks.   Simply the best. "We stopped for drinks and ended up eating dinner here. My Rooster was fabulous-- a BLT with a fried egg-- how could it not be delicious?? The service was spotty. At one point we had to go inside and ask someone to come out and take our drink order. The outdoor seating area is really nice Amazing. Such a delish fish fry. The cod is beyond perfect. The atmosphere is unique and cute; an amazing outdoor area. You can't go wrong coming here for drinks and dinner! Very reasonably priced as well!! Al makes a wicked bloody Mary at brunch." "We stopped for drinks and ended up eating dinner here. My Rooster was fabulous-- a BLT with a fried egg-- how could it not be delicious?? The service was spotty. At one point we had to go inside and ask someone to come out and take our drink order. The outdoor seating area is really nice To note:  Parking lot is for three or four cars. But there was ample street parking on the Tuesday evening.  Weekend may be busier but worth a walk/bike in." I hope to see a more extensive menu but the size of the kitchen makes a small menu understandable." No longer dog friendly.  We went there because of the mention on YELP that dogs were welcome but were turned away. Too bad for them! Hoping to stop by for brunch and looking forward to what I hope will be a much better experience.  And next time I will get the cod  let me preface this by saying that this was our first and only trip to this place (also my first ever negative review).  My girlfriend wanted to go to the Black Sheep Bazaar they were having I almost gave it one star so it doesn't become too crowded.  Almost." "My husband and I are new to the neighborhood. This past Saturday my mom and sister were over to help with some much needed yard work so we took them to the Tip Top for dinner as a thank you. There was a funky yard sale type event happening on their patio that we checked out while waiting for our food. I had the Vedge burger What a experience!! We met the owner and friends and it was on from there! Great food drink atmosphere man if you want a good time with people who have the same thinking as you this is the place! Will definitely come back!! JJFoeKZXgi2_LeECDMkkoQ  the ATM charges a $2 fee.  Honestly this really annoys me because it is the servers who end up paying for it.  We left a good tip but I know a lot of people are not going to want to after being charged $2 plus whatever their bank charges just to get $$ to pay for dinner.  Honestly I think it is a greedy policy and they should change it (or do what Jennifer street market does and refund the ATM fee for those who need to use the ATM).  Their servers deserve better."  in a great way!!!  We had the special of the day which was a blue gill sandwich with fresh coleslaw on it- it was excellent.  It's going to be our new date night spot!!!" "Cash only good service not a sports bar people with class mix crowd come here words cant explain very exquisite place to stop by good beer collection on tap felt like home with little culture to it from Washington What a experience!! We met the owner and friends and it was on from there! Great food drink atmosphere man if you want a good time with people who have the same thinking as you this is the place! Will definitely come back!! JJFoeKZXgi2_LeECDMkkoQ  the menu at TT hasn't changed in quite a while. I am sure I'm more sensitive to this because I can frequent this more often than a west-sister "Favorite place for Sunday brunch! Great coffee and Bloody Mary's The only downside is that their cash only Absolutely amazing  food and the best craft brew selection.  Great atmosphere and service.  The Texas Brisket tacos were over the top.  Stopped in on a Monday and enjoyed live music in a cozy beer garden.   Well done Al!  on Madison's underestimated Northside. Service is fast and prompt. I ordered the made to order burger which came with generous toppings and cooked to perfection. My grandma had the Tip Top burger with kettle chips and a delicious homemade onion dip. I had a side of cheese curds that were crispy on the outside Stopped in for lunch with my Daughter.  We had a great time.  Good food and the service was wonderful.  The remodel is very well done.  I'll be back.  but without a heavy Illini feel.  I first started going because I was underage and they didn't card way back when  especially if there is a good game on! The food is awesome too for bar food. They have a great chicken sandwich with french fries. Add a tastey Guiness to complete your meal!"  and an institution at the U of I.  They've expanded so now there's more room to groove. Great-tasting burgers.  A bit on the small side "Best burger and fries in town  and the number of 14 year olds skanks less overwhelming than anywhere else on campus (except firehaus I went back to campus a few years ago and found they had expanded - it's a little disconcerting I still have dreams of Wednesday lunch.  Bacon Mega Cheeseburger and Fries for $4.  I would give my left arm for a Murphy Burger on some days.  and I thought it was the greatest bar ever at the time. However What could really improve this place is better music.  The jukebox is too susceptible to people with bad music tastes.  Also Go there on a weeknight to get the optimal experience."  do they? They just come for the booze. They serve the typical junk food and it is very crowded during the weekends. They have a few specials too There are plenty of booths and tables to sit and play some cards (drinking may or may not accompany said card games...)  Overall  good strong drinks (if you know the bartenders) and decent specials. After 12 there are definitely lines Thursday-Saturday nights If you go here stick with weekdays. On weekdays it's actually a pretty nice place to hang out with friends."  they were delicious. Their burgers made me real sick once but I got over it. If I'm going to a campus bar The specials here are also pretty sweet - yay for logo glass night.  Overall  including $1.50 pints of Point on Fridays.  The teriyaki chicken sandwich is average (a little too heavy on the teriyaki)  good drink specials. More casual than some of the other Green St. bars."  and Irish Nachos are awesome." Decent drinks + chill atmosphere + Irish Nachos (oh God yes) + lack of sketchy people grinding on you = WIN.  you need to get their early. Sometimes the jukebox leads to very questionable music."  but anything more than a polo shirt would be over-dressed for guys."  and the grimy feel of the bar is palatable after a drink or two.  One caveat: they have the nastiest--nastiest bathroom.  It's hideous.  Ugh."  yumm!  The fries has got to be the most deep fried small pieces of actual potato heaven I ever had and $3 pints of Guinness drafts."  great specials on drinks. ($2 Woodchuck Thursdays!)"  we'd go when the bacon cheeseburgers were on special - OMG so yummy and incredibly greasy.  They also have loaded waffle fries that are awesome."  on Thursdays you can pay 4.50 for a beer and get a glass. Then refills of said beer are only 2.50! Pretty sick. The next thing I've got to try here is the food. Also You can't call your bar-hop night a barcrawl if you don't stop here. The food is good  they make their money on all the younger students going out partying on weekends.  I head to downtown champaign for the weekends."  this bar is chill and fun at the same time. It's not as chill as Legends (granted Legends may have more seating) but I don't think you'll get the same experience when comparing the bars." "Thursday $2 any pint and they have two brothers (and dead guy) on tap? Yesssss. Also their fries are probably the best on Green St and their burgers ain't too shabby either. The only thing I can't understand is the ridiculously long line to get in after 9pm  you can count me in as a fan. The expansion has made it much easier to walk around the bar on the weekend nights when everyone is cramming in. Finding seating is less of a rat race  it's an institution here at the U of I. You can get cheap brewskis and cheap burgers and neither are bad. It's usually crowded Thursdays so I try to keep away."  this is as good as it gets. A great place to gather with a small group of friends and drink some beer."  which is kind of a bummer if you want Irish nachos on game-day because it's not on the menu.  The jukebox is great (every fricking song by The Black Keys can be found on there) and there are loads of flat screens to catch whatever game is on.  If you get there early  definitely hit up this place! It's a cherished favorite."  this is a good location for lunch. The late afternoon and evening hours will be a little louder." "I miss me a big ole' Murphy Burger with Bacon and Cheddar  and average joes. The beers on tap are always good and remain pretty simple. They always have specials too  so I may be partial.  The food isn't anything to fawn over but is good (and cheap) enough to wash down with a beer."  so I have no idea if that took care of some of the overcrowding problems.  I sincerely doubt it did anything about the disgusting sticky floors."  from when it was a little campus bar to its current ever-expanding state.  Can't beat Wednesday night - Bacon Mega Cheeseburger special night.  Usually good fries  not with all the other places in town now where you can get some good eats."  but fries come free with any sandwich on Sundays I think. I find it odd that your order from a window "" like 10 other people already did that so you might not hear your songs at all.  And you'll probably have to sit through a lot of stupid crap that other people picked out before you get to any good music.  I guess it just depends on the crowd.  Either way  you can still have a conversation with the person next to you. If you are here for food  as do the loyal community of regulars who hang out here.   My only wish for the place is that the bartenders would know a bit more about what beers they serve.  When I asked what they had on tap (expecting to be handed a beer list) the bartender responded: ""I don't know...We have a lot""."  definitely get the Irish nachos sometime.  There really isn't anything Irish about them  fry and beer.  You can't go wrong.  Fries are great!"  but I'm wondering what the differences are in color for the bar tabs." This is a great place to just chill whether it with friends or if you just failed an exam and you need a drank lol. They have great drink deals and good food too. I recommend trying the Irish nachos. They have different specials everyday too. "The Murph!  Great atmosphere and so many memories.  Our favorite place to go for logo nights on Wednesdays and the bar we always come back to when we return to Champaign.  There's usually a mixed crowd  I highly advise you to pass this place up." "Its basically the ""How I met Your Mother Bar"" A place where you go to sit I have nothing but the fondest memories of Murphy's Pub. There's nothing ritzy about it  but not really outstanding. I also feel like this place goes through an identity crisis with its loud blaring music that can shift from club music to country music (electronic jukebox-style). Don't come here if you expect to watch a sports event of some sort  I ordered Irish Nachos without bacon (because I'm vegetarian). The order (which is just fries with cheese and nacho toppings) took an hour. Once I got my order "The first rating was over-generous.  It's still good Thursdays are phenomenal because it's $2 pints. Any pint for just $2. You'll never beat that. I hear they may have upped it to $2.50 but that's a good variety of decent quality pints for just $2.50. Go out with a $10 bill and you'll have an awesome night. That simple  and when I returned recently it was just the same as I remember it. It's a divey atmosphere so they almost never have cover (only on Homecoming weekend and the like) and the vibe is very relaxed. Old school high top tables and wooden booths have been etched and written on until there's very little left of the original finish thank god i love this place. except the servers. and not all are bad  the memories make the place and thats pretty much how Murphys survives."  but it's my favorite place in Campustown and a really good bar overall." One of my favorite places to have a beer in Champaign.  Usually good drink specials and a good juke box.  Irish Nachos are a must if you're hungry!  and the pub is the  cleanest on campus." "I LOVE Murphy's! It has a great campus bar feel. Its a perfect location for campus for in between classes. A beer for everyone here because their draft list is extensive. My bartender was helpful and super nice! Would definitely recommend anyone to come here for lunch used to go before we hit the club. Nice to have a large group and sit down and shout out conversations. I remembered thursday is like an unofficial international day. Heard they had good fries; I always look for a nice pub when visiting different cities. I saw this while walking on campus and decided to check it out.... Staff not friendly or sociable... Maybe it's because Im from the south and use to hospitality ....but damn how about a smile and a conversation I WAS ONLY PERSON at the bar.. I even tried to get a convo going... I know my opinion isn't going to close the bar but as a former bartender who OWNs a company now .... Customer Service is what will make you $$$.  cheap and fun. This is always a good place to have a beer after a long day working  beers good enough for a campus bar. Exactly what you expect." Skip it and save yourself a possible trip to the dentist." Nice bar to grab food and a beer at. Service from bartenders is mediocre. Atmosphere is Irish-feeling but feels kinda meh nice selection of beer and they have Green Line on tap! the bartender who was there when we went was great at recommendations for all different tastes. cheap prices and a cool divey feel. Murphy's Pub is an awesome place to be any day or night of the week. The food and drink selections are great and fairly priced. The pub has several billiards tables  2 stars for food quality and 1 for service. The female bartender that took our lunch order had ZERO personality. They make you pay up front for your food. Every time I said ""Thank-you"" to the bartender Dropped in on a Saturday afternoon and the place was empty. We sat at a table by the bar and the bartender said we have no servers so you have to order here. We looked at the menu and standard bar food nothing different than others. Being Saturday and plenty of college games on but just not happening here. Most likely a lively place later and could be decent to hang. Just did not work this time. "What a shit hole! Came here for a drink and a burger and I never made it that far. It was almost 4 in the afternoon and I sat at a pub table. My sleeve got stuck to the table. A voice came from behind the bar that said. If you want drinks or food A great place to have a good beer. And you must try the Irish Nachos if you go there. Some reviewers seem not to like ordering at the bar. Boo hoo it's not like a long walk. Classic campus bar.  and frankly seems kind of dead. Beer deals are decent and pub food is very standard. The bar is huge however "Solid burger and fries for cheap. Good beer selection for campus town and reasonably priced. Overall "Old people on the college strip had a blast Food: Food service is poor though the food is fairly good. We waited an unusually long time for two burgers. We began to think something was wrong so we peeked into the kitchen (after asking a server and having to wait more) and it looked like the cook was cooking away... And then he ate the food. I get it... If I were working all night I'd get hungry too. But it's kind of strange delaying orders for an absurdly long time so that the cook can prepare and eat food from scratch." "Great Service this morning and my Aunt left her wallet there and they kept it all safe One of the 2 best bars on campus (the other being Legend's). This place is always low key and not one of the crazy loud bars all the underclassmen go to. You can usually find a place to sit down and the tables have years of writing carved into them.  this place was alright. I was excited to see that they had spicy cheese bites which thrilled me because growing up in Wisconsin consuming cheese curds while at the bar is a must. These were a rendition of the cheese curd but a very sub par one. The cheese inside was not hot enough so the cheese didn't squish out when eating them  go for it!  If you want something a bit more upscale with servers and non-bar food "Five stars is probably due to some heavy nostalgia sentiment for me. My friends went to Murphy's for each and every one of our 21st birthdays for that first drink. Always had a great time. Beyond that  but not the most comfortable bar. Good deals. A bit crowded. still a good memory of being where my first legal US drink was. Great owner."  for what it is?  Perfect."  there is only one thing you should really order at Murphy's and that is the Irish Nachos. Waffle fries covered in cheese  a good time and I'll definitely be back." Great bar for hanging out with colleagues. Just have to get over the employee with Ramen-like hair who kept on yelling jibberish for no apparent reason I can't attest to the food since we came strictly to drink Love this place and it will always have a special place in my heart forever being a graduate from UIUC. There still killing the Irish nachos. 6X7vAFv-Xj1TPcrJK7H2Eg  but the grime is too much for me.  Even downstairs.  I went up stairs for the first time last night  and to see the newest and most up n coming bands before they hit the real stages in town.  And what's more:  No one's Beer Garden even comes close to being as good as Mike N Molly's.  Not even in the realm. This place is grand."  you'll find me at the end of the bar chatting with friends when I'm back in Champaign."  there is a cover charge (a whopping $1) on nights without live music.  Makes up for the cheap beer  off-the-beaten path spot.  AWESOME beer garden.  Nothing beats it on a summer night with a group of friends." Mike & Molly's does tend to get busy late (around 1:30 -1:45am) but otherwise its generally possible to walk in with your party and get a table to sit at.    The staff is friendly and at the right times (when there not 10 people in line behind you) they are willing to help you find a beer on the menu that you might enjoy." They have drink specials Sunday - Thursday  so take my five stars with a grain of salt.  My partner just sleepily informed me that it's definitely a four star bar because it's too small inside  the best part is that it runs from cheap to expensive so you can drink what you can afford depending on the night. The place has a good dive feel  my friends and I were at Mike and Molly's drinking for about 2 hours when we were approached and asked to pay a cover charge for the punk-indie band that was about to take the stage.  Not only was the band horrendous  there's still karaoke after! (And ever since someone performed Just a Gigolo 6X7vAFv-Xj1TPcrJK7H2Eg  but it's as good as Champaign gets if you're looking for a beer garden."  especially with shows happening. It's also nice that they have karaoke and all kinds of board games laying around. It's a very casual and chill atmosphere Great staff and selection.  The atmosphere is casual and vey relaxed. Great hang. They have a lot to offer! Check this place out."  this bar does have a weakness if you spend an entire evening settled in at the bar---it's the last gasp stop for local hipsters to hook up.  It's can be quiet all night My only gripe is that the beer garden could use better lighting."  probably. It gave me so many really crucial memories and I guarantee it will do so for you as well. I will always stop in here if I am in town. I came of age here in many ways. I blame all the drinking I did here as a 25-year old for keeping me so youthful now that I'm 30." Their beer garden is roomy and secluded Tl2Gw7MX0srZ-S0W_lCiwA Overall a nice place to relax and have some good beers with friends. It is a good place to see some live music as well (on the right night). While not my go to place in Champaign I came to Mike N Molly's to see a relative play in his band. I got there late and there was no seating. Across the street a building wall  is painted in chalkboard paint and people are allowed to draw pictures and write whatever they want. I liked that there was no cover charge.  and it's a really great venue for it; off the main road with lots of space so you don't feel crowded. This is a great spot for spring and summer."  I love it here. Staff is extremley welcoming and if I need help finding a beer they always go out of their way to make sure I get what I want. Mondays and Tuesdays are my favorite  it's a perfect size intimate room for a great rock n roll show!  Keep up the good work Mike N Molly's!" "This place is ideal in the summer when there are outdoor shows. They also have a decent selection of beer and liquor. They don't serve food which can be annoying for an early evening show. Also  I've really enjoyed the comedy nights and the music. And just tonight had a very nice exchange with the owner who really went out of his way to make me feel at home.  It was cold as f**k outside I've had super super annoying service more than once (not BAD as much as way too interested in starting a conversation and becoming friends with the diners)  they have creative specials using super-high-quality ingredients at prices more reasonable than all those other downtown joints.  yes They also have outstanding wings and beers!"  which makes for an amusing dining experience to say the least as you walk the labyrinthine corridors like Indiana Jones in the Temple of Doom I'll keep going back--but I think I'll stick to the burgers." Bottom line: Fantastic burgers. Get a burger and a beer and you won't be disappointed." The restrooms can be nasty and are shared with a couple of adjoining restaurants." I normally get the black bean tacos and love them" Happy booze and burger-ing!  Cheers" "This is my favorite restaurant in Champaign!  I always get a bacon burger and it is amazing.  I have never had a burger under or over cooked.  The fries are always good.  I also love their beer menu.  I swear My only complaint is that they serve tortilla chips with their burgers; it just seems odd."  good service.  Not loaded with smelly college kids either!  A great find.  My daughter loved her caesar salad too so we were 4 for 4 across the table in truly liking our meals.  Fresh brewed iced tea always nice." 3) Kobe beef burger? YES!"  a burger (or scallops) with a bottle of your favorite at Farren's is one of the best lunch picks in downtown Champaign." Tried Farren's out for the first time last night and WOW.  I have been in CU for several years now and hadn't heard of this place until checking reviews on Yelp.  The burgers were a bit pricey but quality was very good.  The key lime pie is also a must-have. Go there now and have a good burger.  NOW!!!"  and they are great at remembering you. One of my favorite places in town."  and it's non smoking of course. Very cool place." This place is a constant good treat  expecting the best burger in Champaign - and it was just okay.  I guess the meat was kind of dry.  Fries were good though "I really don't get what the big deal is with this place.  I have had friends tell me thats they have some of the best burgers out there  b/c this is definitely a step above pub grub. They use interesting local ingredients (lemon chive potato salad was awesome). Their beer menu is not as vast as some nearby joints I can only attribute the positive Yelp reviews to heavy drinking.  You have been warned." If you're downtown for a casual meal  which doesn't always taste like it was freshly made.  I would suggest a fountain drink or a beer."  but presentation of my dish kept this place from getting 4*"  schmasement feel...it is a bar.  Cool how the bathrooms connect you to nearby thai and sushi restaurants.  And the new parking structure right next door made parking a breeze - $0.75 for the hour and free on weekends." Farren's Pub & Eatery is has a casual type of atmosphere. It's a great place to go with your friends to enjoy good American style food and drinks. Their burgers here are so delicious and juicy! I'm almost getting hungry right now just thinking about it.  and while some may find it odd that you need to request tomatoes or pickles I like that they don't get wasted if you are a plain jane burger eater like myself. Definitely pay the extra cash to switch from tortilla chips as your side to french fries. These are the skin on fries that you can douse with malt vinegar if the mood strikes. The feel of the restaurant is cozy The ambience is one of my favorite things about the place; Farren's is located under ground and has a bar  the decor was better than I expected after reading some others' reviews. It's good for family  haven't had a bad meal and/or experience here yet." They have the best burger in Champaign and their beer selection is surprisingly diverse. Order a bit rarer than you normally would as they seem to be a bit conservative in their definition of medium. Also their specialty fries are really good with a bit of malt vinegar so spring for them over the included tortilla chips. Be ready to wait for a table cause this place was crowded when I went on a Friday night. "The burgers and salads are wonderful. Definitely the best fries in town  though: Farren's is an absolutely wonderful place to bring my 17-month-old daughter.  The waitress with the curly red hair (whose name I don't know Greatest burger around. Super atmosphere.  We were able to sample a beer before ordering. I will definitely go back.  probably.  Or at least the burgers that all other places are judged by.  The Russell is amazing..."  I have never had any problems with service or the quality of food.  The staff has been friendly.  I did promise one of the waitresses that I'd make her a Bourbon Pecan Pie but haven't fulfilled that promise yet.  Perhaps next visit.  Anyway "I'm new to Champaign and heard a lot about Farren's. My boyfriend and I have been there many times. We love the relaxing and hipster atmosphere. The service is great -- everyone is genuinely friendly. The food is excellent. We've heard the burgers are the best in Champaign -- I'd say it's a tie between Farren's and Billy Baroos. I love their salads (although   and the food is OK and the service is great.  It's just far too greasy for me.  It's just a place for those that don't mind really really greasy food." I have been here several times and only had problems once (it was just waiting a while to get the check) which can happen when it gets busy."  I know).  Staff is friendly.  Large selection of alcoholic beverages.  Good food.  Good prices.  Stop by if you get the chance."  but I guess I just had a higher expectation from a yelp-4-star place. The ambient was a little better for a place that's very hidden by the alley. I would rather go to Desthil next time where they have better drinks and the same quality food in the same price range."  the most amazing burgers ive had in my life. After reading all the yelp reviews i just had to see what the hype is all about! Great beer selection also; esp being a girly girl and not liking beer..they had a variety of light and fruity ones. It's in a basement but you cant even tell; doesnt have a dungy smell or look to it. Def a hole in the wall worth going to!!!"  but when you're in the mood for something lighter and less greasy always check out their specials.  There's often a ton of really good stuff on it I just moved my daughter into an apartment for college and stumbled on Farren's. We had a great burger and ice cold beer after a long drive and move in. I had the bacon feta blue cheese burger and it was terrific. Fries. onion rings and chips were all great. Service was very good. Thank you Farren's! I always feel bad for the cooks in their little tiny kitchen tucked into a corner of the dining room  but all over the U.S. and nothing even comes close in comparison! This is one great steak salad! I could eat one every day if I could afford it. The service is always fast as well...even during their busy lunch rush! It's a bit on the pricey side Great burgers!!! I went there was some friends and was very surprised at how good the food was. I love the atmosphere because it is definitely a place that has a pub setting. Definitely a place to try and go again and again!  just a nice burger joint.  The burger was good...was it the best I have ever eaten...not really...but they are good.  I loved the fries.  My daughter had the black bean burger (she's vegetarian) she said it was very good. All in all a very tasty meal."  but it is a little pricey and not diet food. I recommend only going once every few months  and spent time talking to my mom about the wine that they served.  Really hope to go back before I graduate."  expect to wait if you come with a big group on a friday or saturday night but you shouldn't wait too long. This is definitely a Champaign must!"  mine with blue cheese.  I also decided to splurge and get the fresh-made potato chips.  The staff was friendly and the food came out fast.  The burger was juicy and delicious and the chips...were (hold on...I'm drooling...) aaahhhh-mazing!  They were warm and the truffle salt was genius on these chips.  We will absolutely be back to Farren's and would bring the kids along.  This place is gold!" I'm definitely a fan of Farren's and if you go These burgers are ridiculous. One of my boys hit me up and was like we need to go to Farren's. One of the best burgers I've ever had in my life and easily the best burger in the Champaign area. No one else comes close.  I would expect a lot more.  I can't say its worth the wait and I definitely have no desire to go back."  Fries. Top 5 burgers." IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA Best Burgers in CU.  Everything else on their eclectic menus also pretty rocks the most.  That will be all. Beware days of Illini games; they are packed to the gills at dinner time." I'm somewhat of a ""Burger Snob"" (if such a thing really exists) and have tried most of the popular burger places in Chicago They are a small place but if you go after 1pm for lunch they tend to have plenty of open spots. Dinner is much harder to judge but usually a 15 minute wait is all you have to worry about." Ate here early sep-12. Hadn't been in over a year. Why did I wait so long? Got the russell burger and it was delish. Got chips and salsa instead of fries. Very grateful to be able to do something other than fries. Our waitress was great and we were served by who I'm guessing is the owner (Mr Faren?). You can tell they are committed to having the best burgers in town.  much more in bottles.  So they got the good beer covered.  Full bar as well.  The food is great.  Some of the best pub grub in town.  Of coarse the burgers are what they are known for.  Which are great.  The salads are also really good.  A great place to come for a beer and a meal."  though no Heineken.  Parking in massive city garage right next door.  Usually busy """Farren's has the best burgers in town.""" IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA  spirits). The location is a bit strange - sort of in a back alley. I almost missed it! But The prices were fine and the ambience was just what I expected for a Champaign Pub. It was a bit chilly inside  and again in my final year at the U of I.  I'm very sad that I haven't been more.  Farren's is a hidden gem with friendly staff "The burgers are indeed quite good!  We had a green chile cheese burger and a mushroom Swiss cheese burger.   The Saturday night wait is a little tough Two words: Bison burger. Beers on tap are old world German and Czech and went well with the food. Some of the better beer I have had  but wanted to try their more traditional burger to see what all the fuss was about. It's a nice atmosphere. Everything is right there. There's no ""back""; you can see the kitchen and where all of your food is coming from. I don't feel like I'm in some underground burger basement  neither good nor bad.  The dingy atmosphere (a staid lunch counter in a basement that had leaking ceilings both times I went) might be considered cool in a kitschy or hipster way Will definitely come back"  was that a delicious burger. My mouth still waters thinking about it...those jalepenos...that juicy meat...mmm... The crazy thing? I wasn't even hungry when I ate out with my friends  he apologized and went to put in an order for the missing rings. We also had to switch servers halfway through our meal (not sure what happened to our first guy The burger was really good. The service wasn't good. IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA  business meetings and countless family get togethers.  Caroline and her staff are the best!  I have never felt more comfortable and welcome in any restaurant!  The food is consistently amazing and the specials are always outstanding.  Fine food  and they rotate stuff throughout the year. Staff is also very nice. Farrens only gets four stars because the bar selection isn't the best and because the decor feels a bit run-down. Still an excellent place to go." "Great food. Cool atmosphere. Service was slow. Maybe caught them on an off-night   their burger specials (kobo beef or bison burger) are great! The fries are made from real potatoes "So tasty! I had heard that they had the best burgers in town  and the RED HAIR WAITRESS immediately showed indifferent look on her face and impatiently assign us to their shared toilet where no place can be used to change diaper if you don't count the dirty mosaic floor. I am pretty sure if they can Be sure to check out Farrens if you don't have any taste buds or standards for your dining experience!" A must try in Champaign!" There are a lot of other places to eat in CU."  though. There was a noticeable scent of gas throughout the dining room during our first and only experience here so far. Not sure if that was a one-time thing I don't give many five star reviews Have a burger here with a smaller group of people on a less-crowded night (or for lunch). It's slightly on the pricey side but you won't be disappointed." "Hands down- Farren's is awesome! I always order the Steak salad and my girlfriend has the Scallop salad. Both are huge and loaded down with meat. Service can be a little hectic The only thing keeping me from 5 stars is the service. It can be pretty inconsistent and when it's bad  but since it's not reciprocated... Well  but I don't care when I get the best burger and chips in town. The burgers aren't the only good part. They have daily specials that have always been satisfying and unique. They also have some stellar dark beers. Wait time can be a little long depending on when you come  gluten allergy. And they are amazeballs!  fresh cut potatoes fried in canola oil...yes please! I'm enjoying an order now . I always order to go tho because the place is underground  boy.  And tasty!  Way better than a Royale with cheese!.  Or a Big Kahuna Burger.  I do love the taste of a good burger."  I had the Kobe burger and it was absolutely delicious. I love the open atmosphere. We've never had to wait in the two times we've been there Best Burger in Champaign Hands Down! The Russell has everything you want on a burger and more and the Black Truffle chips are amazing!  but you can substitute the chips for fries or onion rings at an additional cost. The burger alone costs between $8-9 This place is great.  Simple menu and the food is excellent if you're looking for a good burger and fry.  but people I've brought there have been turned off by it. Always pay extra for the fries--not sure why they cost extra but they're pretty tasty. Be prepared to wait on the weekends  I don't know who your host was but when we walked in we asked if it was all right to order since they were so close to closing. The host was warm and welcomed us in. I ordered a black bean burger that was the best veggie burger I've ever had. There was some sort of roux sauce on the side that was equally phenomenal. I came her a second time with my parents who ordered a pulled pork sandwich and a bison burger. Neither of these were so great. They were a bit gamey. But I'll never forget you The Russell is a must have. I recommend getting it with a Kobe patty.  very attentive even if they were swamped. Maybe it's my fault because I ordered a burger that was too spicy for me to handle The place is small but our group of five was easily able to get a table on a Thursday night. The service was pretty decent  she asked for the Wheach -- and the waiter had no idea what we were talking about. Not ""we're out"" or ""it's no longer in season"" or ""we no longer carry that"" -- he had never heard of it. All of the beer we've gotten there since has been solid  their burgers are good too.... Maybe next time!" Love me some Farren's. Always considered one of the best luncheon spots in downtown Champaign. From the perfect hand cut fries to the over the top burgers.  you'll be satisfied. Hamburgers are their specialty  food WASNOT worth what they were charging (cold fries and hard ass bread on the philly cheese steak sandwich). AND I smell like a resturant! Ugh! Won't go back nor will I suggest anyone go there."  but my burger was huge and absolutely delicious! I also tried the homemade potato chips at the recommendation of a random fellow patron The fries were good too. Aside from those issues  had once would go again except the wait was pretty long." Fries are very tasty. Service is good. Prices are a little steep for a burger. Solid place"   0 acknowledgement to  people waiting to sit.  Horrible  very local small town feeling in there. Only reason it's not 5 stars is because the lighting is awkward and the room doesn't feel cozy at all "The Elaine salad is so yummy i definitely recommend it.   You can't go wrong with a burger here.  Their beer selection is a little limited i think.   On a weekend night there's usually a line if you arrive after 6.  It's loud and a little crowded  you'll pay the same price at Big Grove for much better food and service." The Kobe Burger with their signature in house fries is by far the best burger in town. Great salads for anyone looking to have somethings a little lighter. Hipster employees with a cool atmosphere makes this place a must stop for anyone who comes to Champaign..... lol even though i wish they wouldn't." The hostess is terribly RUDE and nasty. The seating is horrible. Plenty of empty table but still won't seat a party until everyone is standing in line. The last time I was there the food was good but really slow. Our party left without being served. Terrible customer service. They are closed Sunday for lunch as a sadly found out after doing a triathlon and craving a burger ( I had to go to desthil  was fantastic and the beer selection can't be beat in Champaign. While I think the wings are also very very good  kinda difficult to find. Not for folks in a hurry but worth it for those who wait"  given the house chips and hole-in-the-wall-osity. I'm craving it already."  this is the establishment you want to be at. Their Kobe burger is filled with fun flavor. The portabello mushroom dish is actually two large fried mushrooms. It can be a tad difficult to get the waiters' attention sometimes though."  but only if I'm ready for downing another huge yummy burger with fries and washed down with a nice cold beer or a gigantic 32oz pepsi." "This may just be my favorite place to eat in C-U! I recently discovered them and love them :) It's a bit of a hole in the wall First time here..great atmosphere.  Only gives 4tops to 4 people unless dressed nice...so there is some unfairness there.  I even asked to be seated with my wife and they said no and then they seated a nicer dressed couple behind us there.  Also must be the only bar in IL that allows under 10yr olds at the bar...WAY ILLEGAL...food good though I love Farrens. Great burgers. The fries are ok. Service is usually decent. Price is a little high but I think it's worth it.   The appetizer of scallops are great!! This is slowly becoming a favorite go-to place." IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA Great great burgers. Kobe burger cooked to chefs liking was perfect. Came down from Chi for work and I'm lucky to have found this place. I've been here 3 days and had dinner there twice. I'll eat there the next 2 nights with confidence. The food here is always top notch!  The specials are always something i look forward to and the thing i always get when its available is the Blackened Catfish.  Its just as good as anything i've had in New Orleans. Always satisfying. Neat location/atmosphere. The Burgers and hand cut fries are amazing. Also some of the friendliest staff in town. Definitely going to come back if I'm back in champaign. Easily the best burgers in CU. I have eaten here more times than I can remember.  I would honestly pay double for the burger and still be happy. Great small hidden gem of downtown champaign with parking all around. The service was good - the servers were very friendly and held conversation with us and kept checking on us while we waited on our food. The only reason I give this place 4/5 and not a perfect 5 is the food took a long time to come out  poor atmosphere. The place is cramped and they are understaffed. Our order was slow to come out (both drinks and food)  but I am perfectly fine with them staying with what they have.  You owe yourself to give it a try."  enjoyed the small resturant over big chain. Service was good as well.  It was very busy every table filled but still had drinks kept filled and food came out hot and fresh in a decent amount of time. I got the Sponoli burger it was amazing and the onion rings are homemade tasted fresh. Others at my table got the venison burger which my brother loved and the Russell burger also great reviews from all at the table.  Highly recommend this restaurant!! Waited said they were just voted one of the best burger joints in town."  and more were brushing my chair as they walked by.   It was a terribly crowded feeling.  But the food was excellent Delicious food. Delicious beer. Just Delicious. We had the Fire Burger and The Russell Burger. Happy bellies!!!! Highly recommend!!!! The price is a little steep compared to other burger places. I believe that it is worth it. The noise level is higher than average because it is such a small place. Don't let that stop you. Go to Farren's! You won't be disappointed." Fantastic hand cut fries and gourmet burgers in downtown bar and grill atmosphere.  Worth the wait for a table. Great service. "The food and service was exceptional. I ordered a strawberry salad and it was phenomenal. They also had a great cheese plate that I enjoyed with a nice glass of wine. The only thing it lacked was better decor and I wish it had outdoor seating. However  the food was typical American Pub grub. Nothing really stood out as exceptional  you can't choose wrong. I would give it 5 stars but more often than that I get so-so service. They get busy and i understand that but sometimes too slow." The best burger place in Illinois. The burgers are cooked to perfection and the onion rings are too good. It is in a weird location but I guess it works. You have to go here! Burgers are awesome (and huge). Staff is always friendly. The one and only thing I don't like about this place is that there aren't any windows... Do yourself a favor and plan to not eat dinner and eat lunch here."  and with plenty of beer options. I have ventured out to other menu options with mixed results but can always count on a good burger and fries from Farren's." "Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? I am honestly obsessed with farren's. The burgers are phenomenal. The wait staff work super efficiently as no one is particularly assigned to a table. You can pretty much flag anybody down for anything you need and that seems to work for them. There isn't a lot of seating so on a busy day there might be a wait  an obvious clue it was over cooked.  It was a.dry juiceless burger.Well done for sure.  I repeatedly try this place but they.get.it right only.1 out if 3 times.  Service is.slow.and indifferent when owner isnt.around."  but absolutely wonderful. Their burgers are unmatched. It quickly became a favorite for me and the guys. I can't deny that it's a complete hole in the wall place. But honestly that's part of why I love it. Farren's is fantastic Super amazing burgers!! I had the regular with blue cheese sauce!!! It was delicious!! Definitely going again!!! "Amazing burgers! Their ground beef is unreal.  It's a disservice to the burger to put ketchup on these badboys.  They cook them well-done  and the service was friendly. We were fortunate enough to go when it wasn't crowded I do find the place to be a bit dirty. The floor just felt oily underneath my feet. The bathroom was ick. And worn. Advice: Eat quickly and get out."  not too greasy or salty. I am really intrigued by some of the other things on the menu but the next time I come here it is going to be hard to not get another burger. The guys working there were all super friendly and casual. Wonderful food Best burger in Champaign hands down. It is such a fun environment too as you have to walk down stairs to get to the restaurant. If you are a vegetarian the veggie burger is a must try!  they were still a little skimpy on the tomato. It was a pretty top notch veggie burger but I do feel like I can make a better veggie burger at home. I wish they had dijon mustard - only plain yellow mustard is available. I had a bite of my boyfriend's Russell (about as much as I can risk doing) and it was amazing! Boy was I jealous he can enjoy red meat this much! This is a pretty great place with tasty food  and I have to say the black bean burger tacos were PHENOMENAL. The only reason I gave 4/5 stars is because the wait time for being seated/food tends to be on the longer side  I'll drive to Mahomet and JT's from now on - it isn't worth the negativity to go to Farren's." A party of two will be sat almost immediately at the bar. Any party bigger than that must wait." The bacon cheeseburger was the best burger I've ever had. Fries and soup were also very yummy. I have had the bacon BBQ chicken sandwich and the chips. Absolutely amazing!! I will definitely be going back!  food: kinda meh.  Why bother?" IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA "Great burger!!!  2 different friends recommended this hole in the wall if we wanted a great burger.  Farren's did not disappoint!! I had the ""Russell.""  It was wonderful with the bacon and sauted shrooms with the blue cheese sauce. My wife had a the standard bacon cheeseburger with American. Plus  but the wait was probably 5 mins. Service was great and the food is just awesome  but not spectacular. The portions are pretty hefty. Definitely will fill you up. I got the Russell burger with fries. The burger was good but it was the blue cheese that made the burger stick out. The fries were pretty good. And my friend got the onion rings which were on point. Probably the best onion rings I've had at uiuc. For your money I think the place is great. I would come back at not peak hours."  except it nails the neighborhood pub ambiance. The bar. The one "I love Farren's burgers. I usually get The Russell burger and order it with bison instead of beef (sometimes they run out of the bison). Of course if you don't like mushroom Best burgers in Champaign-Urbana!  and smelled so bad. I asked to return it and bring a well done. When they brought another one it still was pink! After our lunch both of us felt really bad. And our stomachs felt sick!!! Definitely it was the last time that we chosen this place"  and smelled so bad. I asked to return it and bring a well done. When they brought another one it still was pink! After our lunch both of us felt really bad. And our stomachs felt sick!!! Definitely it was the last time that we chosen this place" Mostly I'm motivated to write a review because the negative reviews here are hilarious. If you want a well done burger then go to burger king and stop crying about your overly meaty sandwich. If you want a fancy restaurant get the F out of a corn field. Servers are people too and sometimes aren't perfectly attentive or perfectly cheery when you are a giant pain in their ass. After-all this is a bar  and meaty! The house made bleu cheese we legit too! Our waiter was awesome and kept it real! He recommended The Russell burger which did not disappoint. Will definitely be back!" Before 11:45 this place had a line at the door to be seated. It is not a huge place There's no parking lot specifically for Farren's. It's a little hole-in-the-wall place at basement level down an alleyway behind main street stores in downtown Champaign. But street parking is available and you can also use the lot across the street." Place: Small cozy pub" "Consistently the best burgers in town! Good beer selection and homemade sides. The 4/5 is due to size. I get that it's more controlled "Good food and relaxed atmosphere! This is a great place for high quality food and a nice time. Their burgers are huge and they give you tons of fries. You won't leave hungry. They have a small bar Had the Russell burger with onion rings.  Husband had the same burger with fries.  Food was excellent and service was fast. "The burgers here are pretty hearty and big- but this is not a burger review. I ordered the grilled steak salad and have also had the grilled chicken salad. Both were big portions and filling I would not have left a dime I would have given you 5 stars because the food was really good but the waitress hostess slash Barstool weight left a bad impression on your business I think the bartender was her boyfriend because he didn't say anything to her" IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA  and the sweet potato fries are a nice departure from boring regular fries. When you just need some red meat * * for awesome outdoor seating" Misses the 5th star for lack of indoor seating and no real food selection for a place you would imagine would have a great full kitchen." UPDATE: Forgot to mention this place deserves 1/2 more star because they replaced overrated PBR with HIGH LIFE for their ultra-cheap draft beer!  Yum!" * The beer tastes watered-down and the food is ridiculously bland and over-priced."  the decent beers and the average but very cheap food... I HATED that as a gay couple we felt really weird with all the drunk 30-40 somethings disapproving and some strange looks from staff... however things seem to have changed in that regard and we haven't had any adverse experiences in the last 6 months. Yeay." Cowboy Monkey tries a bit too hard.  And on Friday nights is absolutely infested with frat bros.  WTF.  That said The outdoor seating is nice as long as there's no one puffing around you." $2 PBR bottles all night long.  Attentive and nice barkeeps.  Mix of 40somethings and college kids.  Decent sound.  Class organization all around." "Decent music spot and great in nice weather to sit outside and have a beer.  But do not go there hungry  but if you have never been to a really cool place then I guess Cowboy Monkey will do. I saw a lot of older people and not many young people  I ordered the gazpacho. It was bad. It was really just pico de gallo with more cucumbers. Not a soup but more of a raw salsa with large chunks."  Cowboy Monkey does not serve their tasty Tex-Mex fare during winter or early spring. They open just in time for EbertFest at the end of April. If you like Americanized Mexican food  to sum it up I got punched in the face by an enthusiastic dancer and got WAY overcharged.  So "Definitely a solid place to go for some Mexican style pub food and a brew during the summer. This place is nice and intimate for venues as well  and wrote NO TIP on the tip line. Later my cleared bank statement says the jerk gave himself a $5 tip! That is not ok!" if you are looking for a dj who cranks out the frat favorites of 2007 and does it loud and proud... you will love this bar.  if you are looking for a chill place to hang out with your friends and have a couple decent beers Great patio. Odd bathroom set up. A nice little cocktail menu for a slightly more upscale dancy bar.  Would go again...mostly for convenience.  :)  if you are not a fan of sweet drinks do not get the flavored margaritas  it is totally out of place in the downtown area.  And let's not talk about food  we got a gift certificate to the bar and bought rounds of shots. Cannot think of a better way to spend a sunday." Love the salsa dancing here! This is a great place to sit outside and enjoy a cocktail and the weather."  don't sweat it; just walk to one of the many other good bars in downtown Champaign. We started going to the Tuesday-night trivia at Jupiter's at the Crossing Great during the spring/summer/early fall because of outdoor seating!  Also during this time the food is great!  Trivia is fun on Sunday's with Dave.  I don't frequent during the winter because the inside is pretty dark and decently small.  I hope they expand their inside into where Carrie's used to be and do food year round! rQo3lrePdOiNtEs3t8zfQA "Cowboy... I came here literally every Wednesday night for latin dance nights even when I had a final exam the next day or was tired. Thank you for being free entry. I understand that you had to stop serving us dancers free water after so long It's perfect rock n roll club!"  Let me start by saying the whole ""bar scene"" isn't really my thing. But we went here for a friend's birthday and I was thoroughly impressed. The staff was welcoming The best part of our visit was the jazz band outside and the service which was excellent!  They have a huge drink menu.  My margarita tasted like orange juice...no hint of a margarita:(. The nachos were just average mostly goopy.  I will go back for the music but will only order a glass of wine as they need to work on shortening their list and doing something inside the kitchen/bar outstanding:)  but something fishy happened at their cash register. I closed my tab which was only for one drink + a decent tip and the next day when I looked at my transaction I saw that they had charged me $25.  Not an honest business. Will not be returning."  going with 3 stars. If based on patio and beverages alone...well Food is always consistent and tastes well. Beware things can be a bit spicy. The waitresses on the other hand are not good. They tend to have a difficult time bringing drinks in a timely matter and are just not that smart when it comes to their job.   On a positive note their manager is very friendly and the bus boy takes pride in keeping the place clean!  Patio atmosphere is nice but music tends to be a bit too loud. "Outdoor seating is awesome!! Great location. Food is yummy. Can be spicy. My friends love the bean dip. Servers can be on the slow side. However The service was good that night because the waitress kept coming back to fill our waters and ask us how we were doing. Cowboy Monkey is very good about accommodating larger groups; they pull small tables together to make a large one."  and the trivia (once it got going) made for a fun night."  sat down and waited 25 minutes with no one acknowledging our presence. We left and went somewhere that appreciates our business."  I figured I would try their food and wish I had not. The guacamole was a crime to avocados everywhere First time there.... Very small place. Bartender was SUPER RUDE. Not kidding. The whole place smelled bad and all in all I just don't want to go back there. "Nice atmosphere with the patio seating. We aren't from the area and wanted to try a local beer. Waitress could not tell us anything about the beers on tap. Menu listed regular beers on tap that weren't. The waitress knew the names of the beers they had Drinks are stiff and relatively cheap.  There's usually always a free table to sit at and the clientele is varied and friendly.  Not the best of CenPho but not the worst  and has one of the hugest song lists in town from which to choose.  They have also recently added a 1960s British mod dance night on Wednesdays." This place has a little bit of an edge to it. If that's what you're into and you're just looking for a spot to grab a beer with a buddy  but otherwise it's definitely worth a try." They occassionally host cool events or concerts here and I highly recommend dropping in on days like those  its one of those places where you get some drinks in for 2-3 hours  they really need to shell out the dough for that." The fish and chips is where it's at. The coleslaw is pretty much the best i have ever had. The shepherds pie is excellent as well. The best pub food in Phoenix by far.  but worth it.  I ordered the Shepherds Pie (delicious comfort food!) and my friend ordered the fish and chips (likewise tasty!).  Massive beer selection I'm realizing now that I need to come up with a formula for my reviews so they are more uniform and aren't so chaotic. Basically  is actually from Britain and mingles with the customers as if he was welcoming him into his own home. Be sure to check out the jukebox - it's one of the best I've seen!" 4 stars - based on a first experience. I say that's pretty damn good. I'll definitely be back. (NOTE: I went back...the next night! And I had just as great - if not a better - time at G&D. Bonus! I heard real British accents!)"  I think we've covered it all. Now just wait 'til that blasted construction is finished..." Veggie pasty. Old Peculiar. HP Sauce. A side of darts. Try and get those things together anywhere else in Phoenix. I dare you. 'Nuff said. Don't forget to try the fried pickles!"  darts and good beer.  The food is typical bar food with an English flavor to it.  The crowd is always a mix  but the fun factor still is there. I've never had a bad time. If singing and drinking isn't your thing  one of the best places to meet up with friends for dinner and drinks." Want a great place to catch up with some out-of-town friends without being annoyed?  Go to George & Dragon!  Great vibe  another restaurant (there may even be two or three) in the greater Phoenix metropolitan area  the G&D is for you.  The best English Pub in the valley in my mind."  shepherd's pie and of course sherry trifle dessert. Cool place to play darts and socialize and mingle. The staff is friendly and atmosphere great. Love their beer selection  this is a fun lively place with an orgasmic selection of beers and a wonderful atmosphere. It will NEVER be London  ""G&D"" is sent in a mass text message on any of the 6 nights I drink." If you can get past the creepers that haven't been laid in centuries and the distinct feeling that one or more of the waitstaff has probably been smoking meth all day I suggest you check it out. Just make sure you bring an escort ladies." "We ended up there on Saturday night after a fabulous dinner and some pre drinking. We were met with friendly faces and an awesome waitress. She was the type of waitress that could anticipate what you would want to drink and never kept us waiting. It is a very chill  I'm going to stick to drinking (I'll gladly have another of those Bloody Marys) and then after a few drinks ..and thus continues our quest for a great fish and chips meal served in a great setting.  Any reco's?  We've been to McCormick and Schmick's and Rula Bula; both weren't good enough for her.  Please  I just don't know why other places seem to have such a hard time filling the demand."  great selection and really reasonable prices. I'll be back."  maybe being outside is good because then you don't have to have your clothes soak in the INTENSE cigarette smoke that has lingered in this joint for many years.  Oh  and it shows.  There is a ton of authentic paraphernalia decorating these walls.  Plenty of British ales as well.  It's the standard to which I compare all British pubs in the valley." 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg Maybe I will come back with ""What Odor?"" in hand and we can have a fresh beginning."  as well.  Good place for a pint of your favorite English ale or stout." All in all a very worthwhile place to snag a bite to eat and a pint - and play pool "So many reviews so I'll keep it short. I really enjoyed this place I would soooo go here often if I lived closer Would go back but not during a night time crush.  Maybe when MLS season starts up."  losing 2 whole stars for degraded service?  I went in again recently after about a year hiatus and I was unfortunately reminded.  Go for the drinks  but who eats at a place like this anyway? It's a funbar!"  the fish 'n chips are decent but not great and if nothing else it is great that both are under ten bucks. Drinks are decently priced and they have real gingerale. (mhhh wiskey ginger) The owner either used to do tons of coke or still does because he is always frenetically bouncing around the bar talking a mile a minute to his regulars. I have been here on new years The only thing I would criticize is the service. They usually have one or two waitresses working the whole pub and if you're not sitting at the bar It lost a star because of the somewhat questionable parking lot which made me feel kinda uncomfortable during the walk out If I hadn't been riding the rail several more years could have gone by before re-visiting so the rail should help some of the restaurants over time."  the staff is always super nice and able to keep up with the orders from our table.  Just before the countdown begins the staff passes out champagne and party favors to everyone in the bar!  We've never had a bad experience here and plan to continue our tradition for years to come!!" This pub is a great place to hang out with old friends or make new ones."  they do a reverse happy hour starting at 11 pm with 2 for 1 well drinks. I love the laid back vibe of G&D and the booths look comfy  big booths and the eclectic group of patrons.  Some still seem like they are stuck in the 80's listing to their metal bands but hey that is why I like living downtown because you see all types which is cool."  but we were thirsty and wanted beers as well so our service fell short there too. I was told that a good time to go is in the evening and not to sit at the bar. I'll try that if I ever visit G&D again." Good french dip. Great bloody mary.  pleasant but kinda slow .For the food  2.5  rounded down to 2 because It's really not OK  to have two main dishes fall so far short of pub food."  I am sick and tired of hearing the owner of this place bitch and moan about the lightrail being a detriment to his business.  I don't know how you can say that when the place is packed on a Sunday afternoon with no sporting events going on." And this place reeks of British wanna-bes and malt vinegar.  I think I even saw the reflection of the Queen Vic in the pool or urine out back!" *** I think it would be swell if we organized a daily UYE to help each other through this beer challenge. Even if it's only done during happy hour (4-7) after work Had to bump G&D up to an A-ok status. My advice: Don't sit at the bar. Get a table where a cool waitress will help you even when it's crazy busy! Bumped up one star due to better service!  although I haven't made much of a dent in my card because I never go.  Supposedly they have quiz night on Thursdays which might cause me to up my star rating..." I always like the shepards pie but there are lots of tasty things about and some of them are hard to find outside of Britain. (Try the scotch egg if you feel adventurous)."  and the british expats that hang around the bar make it that much more convincing.  I'm confident that the incident we had with service was just that ""an incident"" and it's possible the waitress was just spread thin or stressed.  I'm confident our next visit will be fine  and I have seriously never had better (even in the UK). It's perfect with cheese & HP sauce. You just can't get any better than George & Dragon on Central." 3.5 rounded down to 3.  Hey that's one better than prior."  but on the flip side I've enjoyed much more inspired fare in CA - not just the U.K."  we had a veggie pasty and the crust was nice & flaky but the stuffing of the pasty was tasteless Go when there are good sports on for the rowdy atmosphere  decent service. Nothing stands out just ok. The owner is a goof ball and trys to hit on every women in the place."  our server brought back two and had to be reminded that we were expecting a third. This meant everybody ate while one poor sod in our group had to wait patiently for his order to be placed (again). Fortunately [[Eaaawwwwwe Eaaawwwwwe]]" air conditioned. I really wanted to like this place but it just wasn't good. I liked the atmosphere other than the bathroom.. I could drink here but wont eat here again." I love the cranky old man owner.  He's a Man U fan so he's even better!  Go Red Devils!"  but after he leered at me and made lewd comments about my boobs..I don't know.  I suppose it would be fine if I brought a man friend along as opposed to my usual girl troop Sorry for the pic post Nathan S  or a busy night for that matter.  I guess unless you are a regular the bartenders don't pay much attention to the rest of the customers.  Location sucks unless you are at an event at Steele Indian School Park or maybe doing a light rail pub crawl.  Too far away from Downtown and not close enough to Camelback(Midtown).  Not a must see I ate the potato skins which were pretty good and had some great 4 Peaks Kiltlifter beer.  Cheap tab and a USA win good way to spend a Saturday night." I love pubs in general and would definitely go back any time."  not for the atmosphere." The location is lose to a rail station with just a short walk."  it's really awesome and the owners are knows to mingle with the crowed My friends and I dropped by the George the other night as one of our Holiday Bar Crawl stops along the light rail. They had a live band playing Totally come here. Me and my friends will probably be there too."  just menus.  Our booth faced the bar and the bartenders looked at us a few times but never sent anyone over to our table. Could I have asked for our server?  Sure.  But by this point I knew I wasn't spending a dime here and wanted to see how long it would take someone to come over to us so I could tell what I thought of their service.  Finally we receded please tear this place down. "I've only been here once and it was OK. If you're into the English pub scene  and the beer is cheap. I would recommend that people should check this place out and if you do you won't be disappointed." "I love the Pub! I don't get there very often any more but I wish I could! Trivia Night (Thursdays) is a blast! They have a Great Beer Selection "This is my kinda place.   Nice casual place with good food and good beer.  Not to mention it is walking distance from the Central/Indian School lightrail station.  I stopped in here on a whim while spending a Saturday on the lightrail ( I made good use of my day pass).  I had also read at one time this pub served Scotch Eggs  the only decent place to hang out in the NorthCentral Phoenix area." There's 1 bathroom for girls. No stalls. If someone's in there you'll have to wait your turn. At least it wasn't filthy & smelly."  all the decor...cause it's never been cleaned/dusted since 1995."  you'll probably have a good time here.  The food's not frou-frou and ""foodie"" - it's just good.  My favorite bar in Phoenix - no place I'd rather get pissed."  nothing special at all.    I think this place could have been a lot better if we had better service and were in the bar area which is clearly the ""cool"" part." A perfect place to enjoy a cold pint with friends in a cozy pub without an over the top cheezy ye-olde-England theme. I love the fact that they serve *several* different types of hard cider and $3.00 Jgerbombs all the time. Our waitress was super nice and I'll be back sometime for the food. Thanks for the service on quite a spirited day!"  as many have pointed out and I thought the food was pretty good."  and to me a frosty Kronenbourg. After a few pints were knocked back we hit the billiards at a mere .50 cents a game. Then after more pints we opted for something to sop up the beer and ordered servings of fish and chips. The beer battered cod was among some of the biggest filets-o-fish I have ever eaten. Delicious and meaty the succulent white fish and fat thumb sized chippies were the ideal order after several pints of beer  as was the peas that came with it.  My husband and daughter split the Shepard's Pie and they both loved it.  Great beer as well.  I saw some other customers with the fish and chips and they looked great-I think next time that will be what I get.  The decor was aged and a little dusty  the trivia is fun but they don't even know what  crown float is.  This is an English pub you say?  Pshaw." Great surprise. The steak pie was awesome! Have been to this place twice and the experience was the same. I personally don't get what draws people to this place. It's got a bit of a negative vibe. The staff is not friendly or service oriented and it's dirty. Great location for a light rail pub crawl - I think it just might not be our crowd. Huge wings!  Delish!  Great beer selection. Good environment. If you are reading this you've probably already been there so this is nothing new. A great place to hang out and chill with peeps after work. The fish and chips is kinda pricey but the restaurant gave great portion of the fries and I was able to share with friends. G&D had a great selection of beer and my fave is the Kilt Lifter. Love it! I like the G&D but the staff has been changing for the worse. Last night was the first night I could confirm that the staff there is costing the owner money. If I had no regard for the establishment then I would just stop going there and never take the time to write this review.  I'll be back in a few months to see how things are going..." I'm definitely coming back here to play darts and watch rugby. Maybe I'll even try their fish and chips. I wonder though...do Brits really hang out here?"  chain smoking with friends and people watching but the George has lost it's charm for me. My purse was stolen the one and only time I didn't bring it with me to the bathroom. I did leave it with a group of dudes thinking it would be safe but no. I've seen three arrests out front. One time these junkie looking dudes were licking each other's hands in front of the patio until the cops came. I've seen a girl pee her pants INSIDE the bathroom and then proceed to slip on the sidewalk which was wet from the misters nearly cracking her head open. Many  all hail the queen! cheerio."  music is good and is good watering hole for when you feel the need to catch up with your mates.   Just don't look too closely at the carpets...." 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg "Where else would you go to get Corn Beef and Cabbage on St. Patricks Day.  Love it  and fantastic wings (spicy and tart). Plus the kitchen is open late.  This is a great place to spend the evening throwing back beers with good friends!"  good happy hour.  Come for Thursday trivia night if you want to meet people." I really want to give this local gem a chance but I was not too pleased with my last experience.  Some friends and I had planned to attend the Beerfest in Phoenix.  The rain drove us to wait it out at George & Dragon's.  Unfortunately the staff were not prepared for the amount of customers that would hid from the rain that day.  As I could see there was one bartender and one waitress.  We couldn't get a drink or even order food.  After patiently waiting for 20 minutes we left this establishment and headed to another local pub.  I've heard so many great things about this place but this day I left very disappointed. Valerie is a great BTW and one of the most consistent staff."  a good place to start off a night or hang out for a game.  Would not go for more than a happy hr type venture."  but everyone seemed to be having fun. They had tvs playing the basketball game and the place was pretty busy at around 8:30 when we went there. We ordered a couple beers (I got a Hef and he got a black velvet I think.... cider and Guinness) and we ordered a shepherd's pie and some fries. The beers were good and the food was really tasty. It was exactly what I wanted but didn't know I wanted. The shepherd's pie is really mashed potato -y and the meat is really tasty.... very flavorful. The pie is huge too so I wouldn't think twice about sharing it. After that he got a jameson and ginger ale and I got a couple shots- a buttery nipple (the best shot) and an orgasm shot (ok... not as good as the other). The BF's drink was huge... like a pint of whiskey. Anyway and i love the fact that a portrait of the Queen is in the main dining room.                                        The decor is very British. I am not a Drinker however  so I guess YMMV. I think I would have liked it more if the service was better and the drinks were up to par." My team lost an ugly one and it spoiled my day a bit but I was happy to have made my first visit to George & Dragon.  It will not be my last.  With easy access to light rail I plan on being back soon.  Cheers!"  and always greet you warmly when you arrive! The food is traditional English pub fare: the fish and chips and the bangers and mash are HIGHLY recommended! I hear the wings are pretty good  but would go back to check that out.  Best part is that they are so close to the lightrail I'll probably go back for the Cornish Pasty and also cause men actually FLIRTED with me there  its their turn...but then the host started singing songs and kept picking ""random"" chicks to sings songs...ok...now its getting weird.  Then when we saw the person that signed up right before us go up and then one of the same ""three"" girls and then the host ""randomly"" pick again.....we got pissed of and were ready to leave.  We were pissed and cashed out.  Then when we told the karaokee host that he was an ass and that we had been waiting over 2 hrs and were pissed  it isn't too much more than that. I really wish the service was a little better - the waitstaff and bartenders always seem a bit grumpy to me  LOL! Me? I stuck to Guinness by the pint and had the Cornish pasty and sausage roll - both delectable but kind of small for the $6 price tag. It's a pub in every essence of the word - they have free darts (that's right  but I really like the food.   I took my Dad here for Father's Day lunch and really enjoyed our meal.  The iced tea was fresh and my cornish pastie was really delicious.  I wish I had one now.  My Dad's steak and mushroom pie looked really good too.  Also  and booze but I got to say that the service is hit and miss. There are 2 servers that are polite and most the rest aren't happy to be there. Sometimes there attitude goes hand in hand with the quality of service. I will continue to eat and drink there though the service is hit and miss."  loves the food as it takes him back to his memories of England.  The service is good and the people are always friendly!  The Blackberry and Apple crumble is the best!  Be sure to save room for that dessert!" "Great English pub in the middle of Phoenix.  The fish and chips meal is delicious.  Also  why go to a bar? I have had great luck here. This place is everything that I would expect an English pub to be. They have many beers (an amazing amount) and when I went there "Great place for traditional English Pub Food. They put on lots of fun events to celebrate various British holidays Late nights can get a little loud and rowdy but otherwise its a fun and relatively clean establishment. Cant wait to go again!"  but it wasn't a very pleasant experience.  It's like she can't be bothered and perform her job in pleasant manner.  Why employ anyone like that?  Last time I checked 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg tve9aUdKff_CWW-6fn1T1A  but again the fries stayed on the plate. Our wait staff was non existent. She never bothered to check on us once. We had to stand up to show that we were ready for our check...that really didn't work so our friend had to track her down. Plan to ask for your check well ahead of time as they do not value your time. I guess we are the idiots for trying the place again but really you might get em on a bad day so give them the benefit of the doubt and try em again. Well twice was WAY more than I will be spending there. I know they have a lot of regulars and maybe these folks are fine with the usual horrible AZ customer service and crappy food. I for one It doesn't matter how I spend my day I am a big fan of this place and try to make it there once a weekend.  I rarely miss a Trivia night on Thursdays.  Highly recommend hitting up the G&D "The drinks are so weak here that I had to order a vodka shot to put in my vodka martini and a whiskey shot to put in my whiskey sour. It tasted like water before. Any liquor drinks taste like watered down juice. And they aren't cheap drinks Cheap drinks! and it wasn't even happy hour! SCORE! Seriously. I thought this place was a Chinese food place due to the name. I had no idea it was actually a Pub. My mistake. I was here this past Saturday celebrating a friends birthday and we enjoyed ourselves. Between people watching and just talking about everything (and I do mean everything) plus the drinks were cheap. What more can a girl ask for? I will definitely be back here again! Treated very well here every time none the less."  pop in on a trivia night so you can listen to the host demean the guests with some clever snide remarks and give yourself an entertaining diversion for a night.  Who knows good food d prices but not to hefty om the portions I like it though. Food is good!" We will definitely be making this place a regular stop." The wait staff was a little crabby but besides that I had an awesome first time experience there.  or are friends with the owner. They would be doing a better service to be honest and get him to make the changes necessary to turn the restaurant/bar into a place people want to come back to. If changes aren't made This place is always a good time."  we would have stayed the entire night and finished up the game. A couple of my friends did end up ordering dinner from the menu. I have to say that the fish looked delish! The only downfall to this place is that it does get a little loud during the busy nights and the sound system can be a little better for those who are trying to listen to the trivia questions (on Thursday). Overall  food and prices but a god awful sewer smell permeated the entire place!" Too much good fun.......can't wait for the next one!!!!!" "The best place in town to watch European football (soccer for locals). I would rate it with 5 stars but the food is just tasteless Still G&D is a great place! .. I will order something different next time."  fresh vegetables (which are hard tom find even in upscale places) and it's got the classic pub feel  with cool atmosphere!" "The fish and chips tasted very good. The problem was that the bar was on the grimey side and the food was not fresh. The corn that came as a side was definitely not fresh I would be willing to wager was frozen. The staff was polite but hard at work trying to obtain good tips from regulars and everyone else was 2nd class. I would return "Would have given it zero stars. The waitress was awful. Completely forgot about us Good Food! PLEASE get some new Tv's Not a good place for NFL Sundays! I've sampled the fish and chips and Shepard's pie and have not been disappointed.  Service has been good A great place to start or finish your night in Central Phoenix."  seems like a few pros show up and put on quite a show.  If you are looking for a bar atmosphere that is a lot of fun  dark British pub with friendly staff and cold drinks. I like the dart boards and pool tables. The patio looking onto Central would be cool if it wasn't always filled with smokers. Don't bother dressing up or expecting to see pretty people here. You go to drink! G&D was my best guess for a friend who wanted to watch early-morning Chelsea games as he does at pubs in San Diego "Love coming here for team trivia night on Thursdays.  They have Guinness on tap  sweetest bar owner I have ever met! Each time my girlfriends and I go here he is always greeting us and sits down and chats! My favorite night is trivia nights on Thursday evenings. It's always fun to test you and your friend's random knowledge. The best part is  solid place that is very comfortable and you are guaranteed a good meal.  Good parking  pretty sure it was for St Joe's hospital. The corn beef and cabbage was flavorless deli corn beef. (no seasoning...) The wife had seasonless fish and chips. Better hiring and training will fix all this. So why the 3 stars after all this? Great live music and a well poured Guinness is worth something. ;)" Love this Pub! The Shepherds Pie and bread pudding is AWESOME! Plenty of beer on tap and available. This place has that home town around the corner feel. My only complaint with this bar is that if you are female the waitresses tend to take their time serving you! Otherwise I dig the joint! The food is fine - it's bowling alley food and I'm okay with that.  But the service was inexcusable." I received a very nice email from the manager addressing our unsatisfactory experience.  I always appreciate when managers/owners care enough to reach out to an unhappy customer.  I will definitely give G&D another shot.  but the food was ""meh.""  For an English pub the fish and chips were average at best. The service was very poor because they were too busy and had little staff. The waitress was overwhelmed  and neither person acknowledged we were even there. It would have been a totally different experience had someone at least greeted us and let us know it would just be a minute. Unfortunately  with a thin crispy batter. The chips... a little to soft. Overall pretty good. Looks like a great place to catch a soccer game. English style food."  that I have ever had in my entire live. It is layered with awesomely goodness. I like that it is a dark Stopped in here on a whim and was pleasantly suprised!  This is a great bar with great food.....try the scottish egg!  The bartender sat and told me about other sites in thePhoenix area that I should go check out!  Very friendly place.  I will be returning !  possibly the best fish and chips I've had in the States."  the food is hit or miss. I have had the fish & chips 2 times and it was good but the coleslaw that came with it was horrible. The other times I had just a pub burger and it was nothing special. I've been able to catch a few of the bagpipe acts here and it's cool to see. They have darts and a pool table. Overall it's a cool place to come have a drink." I love G&D because it's not at all pretentious. It's just a comfortable place where you can come hang out Absolutely fun place to hang out. Good beer. Good food...except avoid the coleslaw. They had live music when we were there. I've never been to England or Europe but I'd imagine this is what it's like. Fun people fun atmosphere fun times.  the chips were nice and hot too. The wife had steak and kidney pie which she said was perfect . They have a great selection of beer and liquor . Would absolutely go back again next time we see a Dbacks game."  I'd like to give George and Dragon another shot. Maybe another item on the menu will be better on the palate!" "Basically a no frills pub.  It's been here forever and they're unapologetically unpretentious.  If you're looking for fine dining or exquisite presentation you're in the wrong place.  But if you want some decent pub grub  and friendly staff. We've been coming here for Thursday trivia for a few months now. It's a great place to get together with friends! The crowd is a nice mix and it's definitely not a pretentious place."  and it's a good place to relax without being around a huge crowd. If you stop in Sit in the main part of the restaurant - be ready for a bit of loud music / noise.  Enjoy the decor and eat some good pub food."  and wasn't even cooked long enough to make the breading crisp.  It was just too heavy.  I wish the breading was thinner and crisper.  This is why I rated only a three.  It makes me wonder about the rest of the dishes.  Maybe I'll get another chance to eat here again." Good food. Staff is really nice. Erica she was a little snotty but over all a good place to be. Good vibes for the most part. They have karaoke and pool too. Cool place.  food is excellent every time. What more could you ask for? It feels like home. Home sweet pub."   you can barely tell. The fish was flaky and juicy and the batter was crisp and flavorful. The chips were soft on the inside and crisp on the outside so they were obviously cooked at the perfect temperature.  Service was of the top I've been here a handful of times over the years for dinner.  Had no clue they had a weekend brunch menu.  I think I was the only one that  ordered off the regular menu in our group.  Based on comments no one went away unhappy with their choices.  Our waitress had never worked opening shift before but did a great job.  The place is getting a little worn but it fits.  I am sure I'll end up here again. 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg  I've been here before and know it can take some time to get your food; other than that this place is great. Divert ask me about their alcohol though My fianc and I love George and dragon! We live down the street and ride our bikes there a lot. The owner is very friendly and the bartender is excellent! Try the honey siracha wings they are to die for. Some of the best fish and chips around. The potato skins are a god send after drinking for 3 hours straight. Everyone who comes here seems to be a regular  must be a good sign on a Sunday night. The waiter was very friendly. We  had to try the fish and chips...outstanding. Not greasy and you actually get fish instead of gready batter with a little fish. Drinks were good and strong. The owner was there and came by to greet our table. After ready some previous post on Yelp Great food... Can not even explain the enjoyment from the Greek pizza! So delicious in my mouth! And the Guiness promo! The boyfriend got free glasses! AND for the desert... Berry cobbler... YUM! Just moved from beach area CA... So not biased! Please enjoy this place?  we came back to meet with friends almost a year later and service was slightly more decent. For mediocre bar food and bare minimum service that I usually have to flag down or jump straight to the bar for. I don't see all the hype in my own personal experience and that totally bums me out given that I like the atmosphere and location so much and so do many of my friends/coworkers. We still go here out of convenience and a quick beer occasionally but I can't seem to get the bad taste out if my mouth. Bummersville." Avoid this place.  Terrible service.  Enough said." There food is really good! Affordable and great food! We live right behind the pub and just walk right over!! Great service and probably one of the best Fish and chips!! Also their shepherds pie is pretty good! It's A really nice English pub. Makes me feel like I'm back in the UK. Clean. Plenty of space. Friendly staff. Restrooms clean. Good food. Great beer. Felt real welcome. Lots of parking. User friendly.  or eating on the floor. If he was a busser then it would have been nice to see him clear more than one table he did. And I most certainly hope it was not his stringy long hair that we found in the fish and chips "My favorite bar ever! Live right down the street and I've been going here for past year  and lots of space. It's a nice neighborhood bar. Cheers! :)"  and football scarves and flags adorn the walls. We sat in a booth and I ordered a burger while my wife tried a veggie curry. I wasn't impressed with the grub but it was cheap so can't complain. People come here to drink anyway Loved it and the owner was great.  Can't wait to go back." "The food is bland which I guess is to be expected since it is English.  However  it's not too loud to have a conversation. The beer selection is good and the drinks are strong so I felt I got my money's worth if your into pubs it's a good place." This is a very nice place to chill and hang out watch sports. They have full service bar and lots tables for large groups. I hear it gets crowded for sport games and on them weekend. Always friendly good service and casual environment to chat and talk. Great food & beer selection. Fun staff. very authentic looking bar. Their lunch specials are really good too.  Good place to watch sporting events. Highly recommend.  you can grab a nice refreshing drink and make your way to the park festivals available at Indian Steele Park. My favorite drink to order is the cucumber vodka and soda. I think this is the only bar that has cucumber vodka This place was not bad. Their draft milk stout was delicious and we ordered chips that were quick and tasty. The bartender Jen? Is a sweetheart. Will return.  takes a bit longer to get the ball rolling than needed." My test for the quality or likability of a restaurant has to do with would I return to the place and I have to say that this is one place I probably would return to solely with a large group of people who just want to hang have a little fun relax enjoy the atmosphere. You'll notice and some of the other reviews Thursday night is trivia night and the owner went through about 30 reasonably tough questions of succeeding difficulty. It's just kind of fun in the background with conversation and play while the rest of the crowd disappears in the background."  the owner is miserable and the food is terrible. It's amazing they have been in business this long." The four of us were the only ones in the bar and the manager cane out and told us to stop cussing and bring our voices down. We were literally the only ones in the bar. I just don't get it. Did he hate the gays? He for sure did not appreciate the business we brought him. Never going back again. Such a shame. I want to select zero stars but this app won't let me.  and great food and beer. This was a phenomenal first experience  it was alright. I didn't think it was amazing There are just too many places to go in Phoenix to need to go here. Beware of what you will get here."  but still good. Fries were a bit boring. I'd probably go back to try some of their traditional English Pub Food  who was also the bartender was very helpful and friendly. Made me a great bloody mary and I ordered the stuffed meatloaf. It was fantastic. Definitely going to be stopping in again."  but it was pretty good. I'll go back to find out how good is their fish and chips." 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg Came here while traveling through Phoenix a while back.  I got the pasty.  It came with some English sides.  I also used ketchup like a yooper.  Great dish.  Had the milk stout on tap.  Great choice.  noisy & filled with drunks playing cards including the owner. The food is equally terrible. There are just too many good places to waste time and money here. If you encounter the owner you will be surprised and very sorry." I guess see you again tomorrow...." great food ESP Sunday roast. brings a little bit of home to phoenix.  GREAT BEER and friends can be found here  I pass the George & Dragon all the time.  I've noticed there are always people out front on the porch (so it seems petty popular.)  My 90 year old grandma was visiting around Christmas and we stopped in for lunch one day.  This was intentional since she is from England and I wanted to take her to an ""authentic British pub"" to see what she thought.  She absolutely loved the fish and chips and I had the BLT which was awesome - curly bacon is the best!  We both enjoyed it a lot and Gram said the decor reminded her of the pubs in England.  A few days later we decided to go back for the roast dinner on Sunday and everything was great.  The server was very nice and attentive We will definitely be making this place a regular stop." Dive bar in the most unflattering sense---horrible service--bad food----owner with a bad attitude---Need I say more?  chill vibe. Nothing too special or excellent about the place besides their bloody Mary's  and restaurant does nothing about it at all Maybe all us ethic people should visit this british pub to make it feel authentic like it is in England with a lot of ethnic people."  he's kind of awesome."  and the manager left in the middle to take care of business. We were here on a Sunday and it was not that busy."  ask for water( just tap water nothing else.) It was cleared by one of the owners. They said they would fill up our two little water containers for a community event that I was working for.  It was a happy day the two of us from the event went in as happy as can be. When we got in my parter said ""hello"" we got ignored by one bar tender and one waitress. So we waited until they where ready to notice. Then the bar tender said just take a seat we will be with you. That's when we explain our purpose for the visit. The said no we don't know what your talking about. They rolled there eyes at us and just said we don't know anything. I said "A cool pub serving authentic English dishes. Order up a pint "Come every time I visit from England good little bar that gives it a good go. Great atmosphere plenty of drinks on tap and friendly staff  overall I love this place.  I will become my new bar in the future.  I will always recommend this place to my friends and co workers" "Always a good time here. The food is consistently good and the staff is awesome. Shout out to Laura  I love this place. The ladies that drink here might not always be aplenty nor top quality (aside from the staff) but it's my base now and I'm at home when I'm here. Keep 'em comin'."  it's old and kind of broken but I wouldn't change a thing." Keep up the awesome work!" I would suggest if you're not familiar with this business or it's business practices My favs are shepherds pie and the bangers & mash. Still need to try the fish & chips.. Heard it's amazing." "Nice environment. Waitress was awesome. Food was delicious. Had their zucchini sticks. Fish and chips Most authentic British Pug you can get in the Valley. Been going here for years and love it!  it's was a little too dark and damp and the menu was very limited and a little overpriced.  Seems like a good place to watch a soccer game Great for groups. The bloody Marie's are amazing! The atmosphere is great. It's a loud place but that's what I expect from a pub! So will come back!. 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg  go to the bar and wait. Awesome. Because why would I want to cone back to this. I shouldn't have to Google all the beer just to find something the slurp. The hostess didn't even know what the beers were. How can you work here every night and not know. Won't be back." Seems like management is non existent. Too bad. Supported this place quite a lot during the light rail construction. Show some love GD." "It's fine. Kind of a dive but it's cozy and quiet on weekdays. Service was nice. Food was just average: some of the meat was dry and flavorless Place was fine. Was a busy night. Started by getting drinks at the bar but ended up sitting at a high table. None of the waitresses asked if we needed anything such as food or refills. We didn't but it would have been nice to have been checked on. We were there for drinks and to relax. We will probably try it again.  when I have a craving for a scotch egg I'll be here in a heart beat." Side notes - who messages on Yelp Somewhat of a hole in the wall bar but located on central." A popular and busy pub on a Saturday night. A young crowd mostly men watching sports and drinking beer. However we were an older group there for the food. My fish and chiips was a generous but tasteless plate of heavily battered fish and chips. Would not recommend the food. 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg  baseball and football when we were there on a Sunday afternoon.  The place wasn't busy at around 3:00 pm.  We sat in a comfy booth and had their wonderful sampler platter  wings and beer. Always chill and dart machines!" You should post a rainbow flag outside. The women there tonight were more masculine than the men. Good fish though.  I love pubs and this is the type of ""Cheers"" atmosphere that I could get accustomed too. Casey was our waitress and she was great  and great drinks. Had mozzarella sticks for happy hour and it was very disappointing. Besides that most things are good." This is a fine English pub! The shepherd's pie is delicious and the bangers and mash are spot on! I recommend them highly! The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because the music can be much too loud. The atmosphere is great and the employees  are fantastic! Like I get it.. It's pub food but I have worked in many in the past that were better quality. Js.. I'm the most non picky and laid back person. It takes a lot for me to even write a review ."  too. She offered to get a manager so I could discuss it with them. I declined since I have better things to do with my day off than argue that the kitchen should know how to cook the special properly. I did Google Yorkshire  Pudding and looked at all the images just to prove to myself that I was right about the golden brown they're supposed to be. I left very disappointed that my first taste of something I'd waited so long to try was so subpar. All in all I was parked in the second spot from the street in front of a large Clever Koi sign two spots down from the George and dragon parking sign and apparently someone from Geoarge and Dragon called and had my car towed to 7th ave and happy valley road!!! George and Dragon sucks.  BTW the Geoarge and Dragon parking lot which is behind the bar was pretty much empty.  we popped next store to grab a quick lunch before they showed up (g&d's greasy menu did not sound appetizing). When our friends arrived not more than 20 minutes later and we walked back over to find George had towed our car from the parking lot!! We had full intentions of spending copious amounts of money in that dirty dive One of my local favorite watering holes with a good selection of beverages and homey food We came here for the first time. Came with the kids and another family. The kids had the French toast sticks and they were really good (our kids are picky eaters). Having just traveled in Great Britain I find this establishment an insult to Queen and Country. The men's restroom had a broken urinal Kind of a dive but it's always hopping.  Not my personal scene but drinks came fast and food was ok.  We had a huge bar hopping crowd and it's nice that it is so close to the light rail stop for a good time. "If I could give less I would. Cool spot unless you're a woman getting harassed by male patrons. The ""security"" won't do anything except pat them on the back and bro up. Not a place for woman to feel safe Fire your entire kitchen staff and start over  but it turned out to be an excellent lunch! The best part of the experience hands down was the staff. They were friendly and accommodating. It's great to have English fare in Phoenix!!!!"  so for me to mention and do this is a sign that it had a great impression on me. You can't go wrong! Give it a try if you're down for an authentic  my experience here was a nightmare. You will never catch me in that place again."  maybe she just was distracted. It's cool. I'm a mellow dude. I go in and ask if I can also place an order and all will be well in the world. Right? She's busy entering orders into the POS computer.  She says she'll be with me in a minute.  Ok. Cool. A couple walks up next to me at the bar. She'll be with them in a minute.  Ok. cool...so I now assume I'll place my order and head back outside and then the couple that walked up after me will place their order and all will be well in the world. Right? She takes their order first! I'm annoyed because I was there first and I just got done chasing her down and well ok what ever so long as I get to order. So I wait. Finally she acknowledges me  chill environment with better prices for sure on drinks and good food come here!!! I'll definitely come back....and I never Yelp about anything!!!!"  and the food we tried was fine. So this review is really about the ambience." "Went in after Bar Rescue. I thought the changes were great! In the past the service wasn't very good and on our trip the servers were really attentive and very knowledgeable. I had always thought that the food was okay for bar food "0 stars....We waited for over  40 minutes after the beer fest...two servers and no menu or water offered...could not find a server....not prepared...not good..  there is no possible way that many  people are allowed in that size space. The manager wouldn't even assist when we asked for our tab. I honestly feel for the employees of this terribly ran establishment and do not ever think anyone in our party of 5 will ever be back!" Only thing - I miss the old booths. The new tables are pretty wobbly. I won't take off a star for that though" "Slow service and $17 for a double Glenlivet during happy hour- the drink was obviously not a double and sat on the bar for 20 mins before being brought to our table  great batter on the fish and the cole slaw was really tasty. My friends had bangers and mash which they raved about.  Casey introduced us to the owner Dave ...they're very excited about the upcoming Bar Rescue show. The positivity exuded by all the staff made our visit very special. We're ready to go back again soon.." "This was a neat little place. We tried it last night for the first time.  Nice choice of beers and a full bar. The service was a little slow  this one is pretty bad. They have the worst service I've ever seen in a pub. Their food isn't much better. The only good thing I can speak that they do well is consistency.  They are consistency awful. Even with their new renovation it just feels like they polished a turd." One of my favorite spots in Phoenix has only been improved by their recent remodel. Definitely a place to check out if you're needing a beer or a bite. "We were interested in checking this place out again after the bar rescues hype. The curry was all sold out so I ordered the shepards pie. It was a huge portion of bland food. Also had the pretzel for an appetizer. The pretzel was obviously previously frozen and the cheese on the side was from a vat. Would not recommend. Fianc had a bland burger "Lovely authentic British Pub as it should be.Never miss a chance to go.God save the Queen and Cheers  I never realized that fish and chips could be so greasy. I needed Tums to help my heartburn. Maybe order something less fried if you choose this spot? Can't say much else "We've been going to G&D for a while now and always enjoy a low key time whether it be for happy hour and darts on a day off or a late night dinner after work. Staff is always great and the food is too. Last night I had the stuffed meat loaf and was blown away! I also really enjoy the wings! They were on Bar Rescue recently and honestly  kinda liked it because it was dive but the food is still good and most of the bartenders are pretty awesome and the owner is pretty fun so i guess its fine. Best wings EVA!" Really doesn't matter. I'm not coming back. damn shame." The food here is really good...the problem is the service. It wasn't very busy but we waited a very long time for our drinks and then even longer for the food. It got to the point where we wondered if we should leave or not because we had other places to be. We were there a little over an hour for just getting a bite to eat. Very awesome if you have the time and don't mind slow waiting. Prices are reasonable and food is DELISH! So is the IPA I also like the fish and chips and flaming chicken creole. They've revamped the menu Great atmosphere and cheap beer.  Owner is a great guy that has a lot of pride in his establishment and is very friendly.  Honey sriracha wings are delicious.  which are a fun time. I ordered an English kebab which was seasoned and tasty (English version of a gyro). My friend had ordered the Cornish Pastie and couldn't stop raving about it. Overall  not cold. Took about 20 minutes to get potato skins after we placed our order. When I complained about the flies around the food "Joe and I saw George and Dragon on Bar Rescue so we had to have lunch there to see if it was better than we remembered it. If you like English food  as well as some beer. I thought it was delicious compared to last time I was here! My friend enjoyed their food as well. I can't say anything about the mixed drinks because we didn't have any. But very good service and food! I will be back!" George and Dragon gets a solid C from me." Love this place and will continue to go! The honey siracha wings are amazing! Their beer is always great. Derek M. ""Blues Fan"""  the plate with the food on it came dirty and the order was wrong. The reason why they get only 2 stars is for poor customer service. The server wouldn't even smile. It almost felt like he could care less that we were there. He never checked on how the food was. We actually walked up to the bar to grab a pitcher of water and served ourselves. Never heard from him after that. We had to walk back up to the bar to pay for our meal as well. But Love the new changes and look however the service was poor. Very disappointed. Could be better  the food is very good. There is also an extensive desert menu & I truly recommend the apple crumble & custard. The prices are affordable & the staff is not only friendly but attentive and efficient as well. YAY! G&D!!"   I don't care what the TV show did to you. Everyone I know hates the fact that the booths are gone.  That is 30% of the reason I come there."  but I loved my first experience tonight. My party felt the same way and we'll be back."  outdoor seating...karaoke night on Mondays. Food is also so good" Tell us to grab any seat.. Friday 830p. Never come to take an order. Never will be back  although I'm told they have an ATM inside (although I didn't see it or go hunting for it the economy has hit this place a little rough..so if you see this review. check out the place. bars like this cannot go under. they need our support. go in and say ""hi"" to Frank. he's cool as hell. Sarah still cute as ever. Save Hannys!!!"  you can order from a plethora of restaurants that deliver here. And Hanratty's will even provide the silverware!"  real darts (the kind that you can kill someone with)" "It is easy to be a regular here if you show up twice. Hanratty's is the picture perfect neighborhood dive bar.  You can usually pick what ever you want to hear from the Online Jukebox.  The bar staff are personable.  It is too bad the owner doesn't put much effort in marketing or keeping up the place.  It is usually dead on most nights.  So if you are looking for a relaxed place to have a drink with some locals super strong drinks. super cheap. super random crowd  I have been hard pressed to find a quintessential ""Cheers like"" bar  and met the fairly new owner as well. I wish I had more time to spend in here in order to get the full experience. There will be a next time  there's a fine line between strong and just disproportionate. If you're mixing drinks  but I didn't notice one...maybe I accepted one too many free bud lights from the bartender?  Either way - a quality place with great service and really cheap drinks right in my 'hood that is worth visiting again.  Oh yeah  that's a compliment." "I have been wanting to come here for years! Unfortunately I picked a Saturday night around 9pm and the place was pretty much deserted. The servers were friendly though Cool place to check out some football on a weekend - good beer on draft and friendly service! "Everything you expect it to be! A great hangout kinda joint. Great jukebox plus pool tables and darts. Hanratty's has a really laid-back atmosphere & is a great place to start your evening. The happy hour specials feature a nice variety (usually a coupla liquors and shots)  available pool tables and ample seating (it was dead from 9 to 1130p on a Saturday). Minuses- lonely and uninspired inside."  and I hear they have steel tip darts. How can you go wrong there? I'll have to make a few return runs up here  but it was a Monday so I didn't really expect a big party. It was nice to be able to play pool without having to wait or worry about bumping people with your cue stick  this is the place. There is nothing hoity toity about this place. I sponsored an event here last week with my co-workers  i think maybe like five others who were in our age group(20's) were in attendance.  Mostly locals probably  there's the gay Denny's across the street. Best people watching ever."  darts and other games. The bartenders are usually friendly and the clientele seem nice enough. I've been here a few times and I've never had a great time but never had a bad time either. I don't see myself ever being a regular here but there are worse places to go....like Wineburger." "I love Hanratty's -- it strikes a balance between dive bar and neighborhood watering hole. Nothing fancy  is the food. I have only tried one thing and that is the mozzarela sticks so do not try them." Ac3PRDUZyzn4kHImdzt0Zg "Great dive/down home option for midtown-downtown Phoenix area. Sat on the outside pation drinking cheap beer to watch the cars Sitting at the bar as we speak. I always tell people how much I miss all the dive bars San Diego has to offer. Problem solved at HB Hanratty's. A dive bar after my own heart. Thanks HB! "If you're looking for a small town bar in Phoenix this is the place!  The owner Steve as well as the bartenders are very friendly and accommodating.  Where else can you find great service and $.50 pool tables in Phoenix.  Plus  so can't really vouch for that." On the other hand I can't think of one ""hook"" that would get me to return there. With all the options in a city this side there has to be something that separates a place from another. I just never found that ""something"" here."  and there are several TVs and plenty of adult video games. It's also a great place to just sit and have drinks I would have given this place 4 stars if the bartender hadn't of almost shorted me five bucks. :/ She even had the nerve to doubt me as I showed her the change she had just given me. Lame."  yeah one more thing to say - the men's room has the most genuine and foul urine smell my nostrils have been abused by since I made a bad decision at the Coachella festival that one time." "If you are looking for a good dive bar this is the place. Dave says it has a ""family atmosphere"". Ryan says we saw marshawn lynch."  Terri and Mikey are the best bartenders around and they drinks are strong. Parking on the weekend can be tough  and had $883 taken from my account today. I wonder if there's a connection."  once upon a time I would have given it 5 stars. Nice for pool if you are out with friends and don't want any competition. I just want my dive bars to have some life. Average drink prices these days Needless to say I will be back and I'm not sure why it took me 12 years to get there." This place would fit nicely on n.  high street"  the bartender was very nice and did a great job with how fast she was able to get us our drinks. They have pool tables and some other games so you can pass time while hanging out with friends. TV's are playing the sport games going on. Only downside is the music playing in the background is really quiet." Good music and pinball too! Laid back spot for sure!"  it was surprisingly busy! Good looking crowd too. There were two bartenders both of which were attentive and friendly. Really enjoyed the billiards and watching the Rousey fight. However  which when you're deep in that jukebox game is always appreciated! They have three pool tables and two real dart boards and you usually don't have to wait to get either. Good The bearded bartender stole my money when I knew what I'm paying for.  He's an asshole liar.  Won't admit to anything.  Won't go back there . Great beer specials and the bartender was easy to get along with and comical. Def check it out for a small town feel in the big city."  as it has become the unofficial reunion bar for Phoenix natives that have since migrated to other parts of the country and world. The rest of the year it is easy to find seats at the bar or one of the tables So the role reversal always sends me for a loop  you'll notice that my second home is the crappiest dive I can find. Pomeroy's is no exception. I started coming here because my friends live within walking distance and is where they like to go. To be fair The only downside is that the place smells like farts. It's not overwhelming Not horrible but I doubt I'll be back."  they have this crazy satellite juke box which allows my grumpy Brit friends who are in town to pretty much select anything they can possibly think of to play (Blackalicious anyone...?) Plus Someone at my table just referred to a whole other table as ""plan b."" Nice." I really wish Yelp had half stars because for a dive bar  because no amount of salty bar patrons will stand between me and my $2.75 Amber Bocks Love is a battlefield. Hell is for children. Don't stop believin'." I hate this place.  When can we go back? I am not exactly hot and I get great service - tableside even!  I think it helps if you are nice...so be nice to the people who work there  the other name for a kitty kat ... it's quite tasty" I guess that's the dilemma: When I think of going to Pomeroy's I am as excited about the 15 beers on tap and cheap cocktails as I am about the food! I've thought about going to Pomeroy's for lunch on a weekday - without even the intention of sneaking a brew in the middle of the work day! How about we call it a dive restaurant... compromise?"  or at least have no reason to hate it.  I have a hard time refraining from hating things I started out hating.  Good thing I don't hate too many things."  it's a divebar. But had a great time! And the service was great- thanks Charlie!"  but it just adds to the overall atmosphere."  another awesome win is that Pomeroy's is right down the street from my fave 'bertos. But hey  it's not. Don't you dare let my review that includes a 1/2 assed bar fight dissuade you from coming here. I'm still planning on coming back here  I just might shove my glass down your throat to shut your ignorant rude tasteless heifer ass up. Ps. those guys you were hanging all over weren't even interested in you either. They were just too drunk to care. One of these days that nasty look you throw people for no reason will result in a heap of shit coming your way _GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q "Great neighborhood place that's been there forever! The staff is friendly and attentive and they pour a decent drink. The food is standard (can't go wrong with a grilled cheese though). Pool tables  usually a bar stool.  Dougie makes a badass chicken Philly cheesesteak with jalapenos." Only thing I don't like is that you have to go to the bar to order your food and drinks.  I waited at my table for 10 minutes before I finally decided to call in my order.  From my booth." Pomeroy's should definitely be on your rotation of places to be in Phoenix." _GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q WOOOHOOO you guys get five stars!!! AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My gay neighbor took me here for afternoon cocktails on a Sat. This place sucks! The bartender was unfriendly and the bloody mary had no alcohol. Wont return again. It also smells like cigarette smoke from before they banned smoking in the bars. Gross! better dive bars to be had A good casual place to just hang out - Pomeroy's holds a special place in my heart and always delivers a good time.  Sometimes a headache too We drank and ate and were merry. It was a good time. I've passed by the place in the day and it looks completely different then how it did that night."  not Pomeroy's.  They hand you two picture perfect ice frosted mugs filled with your favorite brew and you realize this place isn't for amateurs." They have that old golf arcade game too." Extremely high prices with a staff that seem to be angry because you are there bothering them. Nice bar with a shitty owner and run by shitty relatives of the shitty owner i.e. day shift.  when I ask for water don't tell me ""we only have bottled water"" and charge me $2. Not true and not cool." I got food poisoning from a bacon burger. I thought the meet tasted bad but by then I had already ate half. Puked my guts all night and runs the next day. I informed them and all I got was sorry. _GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q "If you are ""drunk and annoying"" do not come here! I was told this by the bartender while trying to order some food and a drink. Un-professional. Go across the street to the yard! They are friendly and willing to accommodate all." "Pomeroy's needs an update badly (booths and bar seats are falling apart and for god sakes stop writing on the bathroom stalls what are we 12). Other than the decor  our tab was $93.00!!!!! Even if we were drinking top shelf our tab would have not reached that ridiculous amount. After making a comment about the tab This place is not a local dive bar. The employees do not care about anyone who lives in the neighborhood. They only care about money. Wish I never tipped Nadia who particularly doesn't do anything for her money. The Sizzle Inn is a much better dive bar in the area. Wish the management worked here because the propriety has potential!  the place looked like a cool place to hang out but we won't be back. Unless there is another and nicer bartender on duty."  good bad-for-you food and great service from the guy bartender. The only things we weren't  by thrilled were the female bartender (tight blonde curls and SUPER rude to everyone in our party) & the ranch was pure buttermilk with no flavor. Regardless  Drew likes to know how ""hot"" you like them.  Friends had the chicken with salad and the pastrami Reuben - and they loved it.  Its a nice little neighborhood bar with some good food." Again..... Ask for Drew!!!!!!"  but definitely a cool little spot to kick it."  like you have flies...there was a fly in my pint of blue moon...gross!"  friendly and caring. Good tunes. All kinds of games and great people to boot!"  so was disappointed when I suggested it to my boyfriend and came here for a second time. I ordered an IPA and could tell the lines had not been cleaned in a while (I'm also a bartender). They were cool about me getting a bottled beer instead  and the house favorite sandwiches have received awards and are available through the night till 11pm. Did I mention they pour some of the coldest beer in the desert? Yes  first and last time going there. Would give negative stars if I could. My friends and family spoke so highly of this bar and it's been around forever so I figured it would be great. A big group of friends took me there for my 21st birthday at midnight. The second the clock turned midnight I took out my ID and ordered a drink. The bartender was the biggest cunt of a woman I have ever met in my life. She was questioning my ID and thinking it was a fake and being a bitch about what time it was. Like she didn't know that when its midnight Both times we went there the same bartenders were working. A tattooed chick with black hair and a guy. Both were friendly and attentive  and a pretty large seating area. Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that the bartenders were downright rude to my friends and I one night a few years ago. The dozens of other times we've been there service has been great; it is never too empty or too crowded. Make sure to try the patty melt or grilled cheese. Definitely a local PHX crowd."  it has strangely good bar food.  There is a brand new juke box.  The entire place has been referbished in the last year or so.  They have TV's behind the bar  a Jim Beam Manhattan is 4.00) and the regulars are a bunch of characters.  They strongly encourage regulars too Tip: Park in the rear. Use the back door."  come across the street and you'll be pleasantly surprised."  Poor Little Rich Girl. CJ's has become our favorite lunch spot. The bar food is fabulous and it is so reasonable! There is a sort of Cheers atmosphere in that if you have been in a couple of times you are likely to recognize people the third or fourth time in and feel right at home. It is a laid-back Great pricing on quality food and drinks. You can find beef jerky and salsa company owners to commercial real estate persons. Also a patio is coming in the future to help out the smoker/drinkers. Great neighborhood Pub with terrific staff and very genuine customers. They even won trophies in Chili Cook Offs with the Phoenix Fire Departments in the last couple years.  the bartenders don't act like they're doing you a favor selling you a drink. If you're hungry there is a kitchen with cheap and better than average eats. Check it out."  but I personally have never (or ever will) make a conscious effort to come here. I usually wind up here because someone I'm with wants to come here so it's usually a stopover point while bar hopping. While I love me a cheap I never leave CJ's without a smile on my face." "I highly recommend CJ""s . I have been searching for good grilled wings after the Old Dirty Drummer on 51 and Shea went south. Finally found them here. CJ said they will grill them so I tried the medium ones. WOW 12 for $6 and change- big  so there weren't that many people in the bar.  I went in with some friends to get food and there was only one bartender.  The whole place was packed and the bartender was the only one working.  I think they need to staff a little bit better because we knew she was only going to give us our pitcher and not return to take our order.  It was not really her fault considering she was the only one working the whole place.  If they had more staff during peak hours s8KRwTTrQDSKrS3hOjwYLw With the Swizzle Inn (one of the best dive bars ever) across the street I won't be back." Awesome priced food and drinks ... Love it!!!  Best fish and chips ever! But they only serve the fish and chips on Fridays. Chicken tenders and the chicken sandwich are awesome too :) It has become my fave dive bar to go to with friends or even alone "We were going to Dicks Hideaway but it was so busy we kept walking and smelled the burgers cookin at CJ's. They have Fat Tire on tap and they make the perfect Crown and Coke. We ordered burgers and it is so simple... what kind of cheeze? and how do you like it cooked? That is what a good burger should be "CJ's is a pretty basic bar with great drink specials and decent food.  The bartenders are very cool people and attentive to needs of patrons  the drinks are stiff and well made. The atmosphere could be spruced up but then it wouldn't be cjs anymore. I go often and regularly. The crowd changes at around 9pm and gets younger and more interesting. Worth a visit."  friendly staff...overall fun local bar!  Great food with great specials.  I will continue to come to this place again and again.  Love it!!!" "Cj's is quite the hidden gem! I came to visit my dad from out of town and he took me to this local spot to grab a drink and a bite to eat. The food was delish and the drinks were stiff! We had a great time chatting with the bartender who was very friendly and made me feel like I was back home at my local dive bar. If you're looking for a good burger and a beer  friendly staff. Awesome specials and cool atmosphere. I definitely will return to this watering hole. Cheap drinks!!!! First time there left a positive impression. Attracts a diverse crowd." tl;dr It's simple. It's a dive. It's good. Go."  but I haven't tried anything. I mainly go for the drinks and friendly neighborhood atmosphere."  and its better than ever. Great place for a good time and great meal. By the way  and a decent shot at a pool table. Pretty sure they stop cooking at 10pm."  local hangout with a positive attitude and very fairly priced cocktails  and something allllways interesting happens. This place you can get silly and have a good time and meet a wide variety of chill people from the area. Always great."  Talley's chicken parmesan is comparable to the finest Italian restaurants in Phoenix it's a must try!!!"  CJ is always good to talk to and provide great drinks. You can play pool or darts  where it's happy hour EVERY hour.  Cheapest play in town. Totally dead until about 10pm then it'll be packed. Food is all fried s8KRwTTrQDSKrS3hOjwYLw  but don't!!  CJ runs a fun little drinking establishment that happens to serve great food! Large numbers of regulars occupy the bar. You will see a huge variety of age groups. Great burgers  I'd better coming to this pub instead of other local places of such kind! The pub is always overwhelmed with chill people you can get silly with! High score!" This used to be our super casual go-to place when we wanted a quick sandwich and a couple drinks.  Haven't been there in about six weeks so maybe the really great bartender is no longer there because the 50 something black haired bartender is definitely not interested in doing his job. Will probably never be back now.  We Sat down and waited ten minutes. Finally walked to the bar where the bartender ignored us while he did a couple shots with a customer.  Totally ignored us.  Walked back to the table grabbed our things and walked out.  Good job guy.  You just lost a good customer. "Located on the SW corner of 16th St. and Bethany Home Rd. in a strip mall.  Great casual dining in a soft desert toned ambiance; ample portions of really good home cooking served with flair (presentation is everything) at moderate prices.  What more could you ask for? Oh The bar is good for happy hour and relaxing after a movie or a night out." If you haven't been and you are looking for a nice new spot to take someone  it's a mini mall. But they've made it iintimate and not sports bar like. The gang here has made a home run on  every level. It's like coming home everytime I eat here. EAT AT PCG people. It'll give strip malls a new meaning!" Although the food is not ""challenging"" in that there are no weird flavors or textures It seems like a great place to take your parents or people who like meat without much spice and drinks without much alcohol When a restaurant puts Mac N' Cheese on a menu...they are dying to be critiqued hard...So I use Mac N' Cheese as a measure of quality.  Mac N' Cheese is such a bad name because Kraft and Velveeta have raped it of legitamacy in the culinary world.  Now PCG makes a darn creamy rich flavorful Mac N' Cheese and that to me signifies attention to quality.  I have had bad MNC at other ""deconstructed"" restaurants but PCG doesn't stray to far from the point of the dish...and they are successful.   I also fancy the Pot Roast or the Pork Tenderloin.  To start I seem to always get the black bean soup and always happy I did.  Great place!!  Will always be included as my diamond in the rough restaurant."  semi-formal. There's a bar on the left and the dining is to the right. Tables/booths are placed far enough away that you can get a nice intimate dining experience. I love the macadamia nut chicken dish. Wow!!! The service is excellent also. The parking lot is weird and it's in a strip mall  because I am absolutely in love with the corn griddle pancakes with chicken.  My boyfriend always gets this too  the guy that brings water to your table( before the server comes) not only brought the water but brought my ""usual"" iced tea also.... I was so impressed!!!"  so I had to choose it!  ;)  They have fresh bakery buns and added just the right amount of cheese.  Mmmmmm.  My friends ordered the filet medallian with poached eggs and the other had the pancakes  so I'll definitely have to consider the brunch!" "This is a great date spot. it is elegant but not to posh nor will the price leave to bad a taste in your mouth if things don't sizzle after dinner. The lighting is dim so it has a touch of romance to it. You can hear each other talk  less the tortilla strips. I thought it was really delicious. I had enough of a craving for that salad to want to come back within the week. Never made it however. It was about 115 degrees "Phoenix City Grill is tucked away in a very nondescript shopping center on the Southwest Corner of 16th and Bethany Home Road. Dont let this blur your expectations The service was wonderful and the atmosphere is calm and cozy.  The menu is a smidge pricey "The corn cakes and the bacon wrapped prawns. I would sell my mother for them. Does that make me a bad person? Or just really  and the ambiance nice.  It's a little pricey but worth it.  I usually try the daily special because so far I haven't been disappointed.  The food has a nice sw fare but isn't too heavy.  If you are  looking for a solid choice for dinner that will please  just about anyone  it is served topped with fried onions YUM! I think the prices fall in line with the quality and the portions. I'm not sure where the Luby comment came from unless he is 18 or even younger. The crowd whenever I have eaten there has been a wide variety but usually a high concentration in the 26 or so to 40 range. This little gem doesn't disappoint. Good eats and good prices." PCG is still doing great and doesn't need anything more from me than my credit card for payment when the check comes...keep up the good work!"  and very good. The salad had some lump of bread but I didn't eat it. My friends had the portobello burger and the black bean soup and both were very happy. I will be back next week for another lunch and will write a follow up."  we crossed the street and had dinner at Phoenix City Grill. We were seated right away. Service was good. I love the ambiance and decor of this place. Great for a date night "Good but not great local restaurant. I have been going off and on for a couple of years now. I have to say the food is always consitant but lacks serious flavor. I have noticed the service is sometimes spotty as well. I feel like their sister restaurant Sierra Bonita has much more appeal to me. I will continue to go as I have never had a bad experience PHOENIX CITY GRILL ROCKS!!!" For a special night out or just drinks in the bar (hopefully Frank is working when you go) Great place for lunch meetings.  Just above average Bar food.  coupled with the  neo-country sound track make this a one time stop for me."  you feel a little weighed down. It had some type of white cheese in it- not necessary. I shouldn't have tried it anyway- I am trying to be a fishetarian. They have great simple salads. And the cedar plank salmon is absolutely my favorite menu item. mmmmm....." Overall very happy with this restaurant. We will definitely be coming back. Especially for Happy Hour  so we hit it up for a late lunch. Holy YUM!  Bacon-wrapped shrimp: giant shrimp stuffed with cotija and crispity delicious bacon. A heart-stopper I was able to ignore him as the food made its way to my belly."  mushrooms and sweet corn in a green chile butter sauce. It was delicious. The beef was cooked a perfect med rare and the wood grill flavor really came thru. The shrimp were great wish there was more shrimp. I did get the small portion so more shrimp with the large . Small was $14 large is $18. My friend ordered the Grilled Beef Tenderloin which is Wood grilled 8oz. center cut filet with chipotle cheddar stuffed potato and sherry glazed mushrooms. $27 These mushrooms were like candy they should serve them for an app cause I know I'd get them. I wanted to get dessert but I had a long night ahead of me so I will have to get something next time. I did see a few desserts come out and looked great. Overall the place is great and I have a feeling I will become a regular. The server we had was the nicest guy. He was very knowledgeable of all the menu items and answered all my questions without hesitation. Great food Overall the food was very good but the service had me wishing it was better and it did affect my overall dining experience. I will come back for the happy hour but I will have to pass on a glass of wine... unless they can guarantee it'll be served in a dry wine glass. And maybe some attentive service. So hopefully next time I'll get my four stars Its a cozy and dark/romantic type setting."  make it a point to do so soon. I hear their parking lot remodel is completed. :)" I have never been here for brunch before but think I will need to go back very soon! Such a great brunch to honor an awesome mother in law!"  I highly recommend the pot roast. And I don't know anywhere else that serves up their quinoa and goat cheese cakes (what a yummy combo). And they do try to buy locally when they can. It's a great restaurant in a location that's never too packed with traffic. And the staff has always been courteous. It's really becoming one of my favorite go-to places. I'm surprised it's not plugged more in local dining guides." A nice neighborhood dining option." I was so pleasantly surprised by how great the Phoenix City Grille was that I just HAD to put a review on Yelp (and this is my first!).  Our server was excellent  any of the fish dishes.. Everything is made with quality ingredients nothing fancy and full of flavor. They do it right. I held my college graduation dinner here it is that good. I would recommend this to the pickiest of eaters  too.  I didn't know so many other people had discovered them.   I've often ordered whatever was a special of the day and never been disappointed with that  others not so hot; wine list pretty indifferent and slipping. But this kind of behavior is a game changer. I will never go back." As far as cost- you can get out of there for $40 for 2 and have a good meal or you can get the higher end dishes which will run you a bit more. Great place and we will be back soon!"  neighborhood place...wouldn't suggest people go out of their way to check it out  and the menu has something for everyone.  My personal faves are the black bean soup and the Bethany Home Chopped salad (and I'm not really a salad kind of gal :)!!!).  But don't shy away from the ribs "It had been years since I had been to PCG; but my friends Rich & Corey said lets go there.  Decided to try brunch today.  I had the   Stacked Green Chile Chicken Enchiladas thought it might be like chilaquiles - but it was very delicious!!!  The price is very reasonable.  My friends both had Smoked Salmon Benedicts - they looked very yummy.  Also  the owner actually cares about his customers and everyone i tell this story to they are like i can't believe he did that. Go to Phoenix City Grille you won't be disappointed. KUDOS to PCG and especially you Mr. Owner The best pan fried cornbread.    Have not eaten a meal that was not delicious.      Great place to eat and enjoy the pictures on the wall.  you must. If given the option I would pick 3.5 stars. This is because of the service and the lack of available specials (maybe cross them off the sandwich board out front when you run out?) I've heard they have a great happy hour and I would definitely recommend the bacon-wrapped shrimp on the app menu."  that's not what brought me. It was a chicken sandwich and was missing it's main condiment to boot. I got a side of whatever was supposed to go on it Definitely a go to place!"  and we'll certainly be back.  Mondays they have happy hour 3pm to close!"  but I'll make the drive to PCG any time I get an opportunity!"  but good. Seemed that he floor might not have been staffed well my 2nd visit." This place is very close to home and I will become a regular  I called Total Wine to see about buying a bottle for home and searched the vineyard's website for where to buy a bottle in Arizona but didn't get very far. I guess I'll have to add that to the reasons to return to Phoenix City Grille!"  lacked a little bit of seasoning. We shared the grilled beef tenderloin with mushrooms. The portions were great! I love a restaurant that has hardy dinner dishes for lunch. I'm not stuck ordering a salad  even if you aren't a downtown person - worth the trip!" Excellent place for a nice dinner out.  Even if you get in to steaks the place is not over the top expensive.  It was quiet enough we no trouble talking."  a coke for her and a pabst for myself. We gnoshed on those delicious burgers accompanied w/ garlic horseradish mashed potatoes ooooweee! Here was a dish that was so perfectly flavoured and well thought out and deceptively simple. without a shadow of doubt one of the best burgers i've had in phx. I would recommend PCG to any and all I hope to eat at PCG again sometime soon. The food and service were great and it definitely has a great ambiance about it." We topped off a perfect dinner with the warm croissant bread pudding. Great date destination and food that you will never forget." Although PCG is a little bit of a drive for me (outside my usual 5-mile maximum radius)  you know you are at Capital Grille.  Once you get past the fact that it is in a strip mall (a common occurance in Phoenix) and that it is located to a goofy clothing store next door  I'm going to head right back here and try it out! Everyone in AZ needs to know about this place. It's one of those solid classic restaurants you can go to for pretty much any occasion. 5 stars to PCG!" Phoenix City Grill is one of our favorites but this time they were too busy to provide prompt seating and service we expect.  We only visit once a year.  Maybe next time will be better."  this would be in my rotation for sure." Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ  the service has never been outstanding. My friends really like this place so we all meet there tonight. My friends(2 males) got there before i did. They had ordered wine and  had gotten me water.  The waitress  it is not my first choice.  It seems we always have a birthday or someone else's get together  and the place was pretty much full by the time we left @ 6:45 pm on a Thursday (we stopped in for an early bite after a Spring Training game nearby). I would be a regular if I lived here!  I'll definitely be back next time I am in town."  I love their seafood entrees and the sauteed veggies.  Hearty portion sizes but not over the top.  Still haven't figured out the magic in those mashed potatoes!  I'd try to save a little room to share a dessert I recommend the cheeseburgers and margaritas. They are very tasty and pair nicely. The atmosphere is very comfortable  make sure to try one of their Moscow Mules."  but the server never asked if I cared for another. The server only asked me if I wanted more water when it was time to leave the restaurant.  It also seemed to take awhile to get the check and pay for the food. The restaurant was only moderately busy "We love this place.  It's close to home and never disappoints.  I can honestly say Phx city grille is amazing !!!!! We go at least once a week great atmosphere and  food is great. A True gem to phx ....  my wife had some type of egg white omelet. The food and service was really good and they offered special drinks such as $3 mimosas. I highly recommend this place." I've never had a bad experience here. Everything I order is amazing. Friendly staff.  but wish the brunch menu were more interesting."  the bloody Mary was tasty and at $4 is a steal on a Sunday morning! My companions had the crab cake benedict and the bread pudding french toast (more like a dessert than a breakfast) The bill came out to about $40 with tax and tip  and good food. The environment was very laid back and relaxing. Definitely worth checking out if your in the area." Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ We did order an item that was clearly on the happy hour menu (but we didn't know it was on the menu -- i.e. ""do you have a -blank- we can order?"")  the butter infusions!  Trying to figure out how I can go back in tonight and just do the deserts..." "This place has a great happy hour which we have been to a couple of times so we decided to have dinner there.  No comparison.  The burger I ordered was very dry and flavorless.  The bun was falling apart.  The ""beef sliders"" ordered by a member of our group were slices of dried out pot roast on a bun.  The shrimp appetizer ordered by another person was OK.  None of the food was outstanding (a $12.00 burger in central Phx should be).  Service was good.  The wine list was unusual and fairly priced.  I felt the prices were rather high for the quality of food.  The place was very dark which made it difficult to get around.  We shall stick with the happy hours there and skip the dinners." I will be back soon !" also the chili was quite nice also"  thankfully Phoenix City Grille has given me a solid option."  the ""Surf"" should always be lobster. Not a deal breaker but that is one offering on the menu that bothered me. The best part of this place is the bar  friendly and efficient servers. Food is exceptional from the steak tacos to the burgers and daily specials. The owner Sheldon is always there which is why it is so successful. Ask for Amy  service was good especially for a busy night and food was decent. I would definitely want to come back to try some drink specials and more desserts. =)"  the ambiance inside is very warm and welcoming. Instantly you will get the urge to enjoy a cocktail or in my case a Martini. PCG only gets better with the food. Classic comfort foods with a little southwest twist. The Griddle Corn Cakes were fantastic. You can definitely order that appetizer as an entree. I had the green chile burger and it was delicious. I don't think you could go wrong with any of the dishes on this menu. We will be back soon and often." Topped off with a gift of diamond earrings. How bad could it be??"  really? then to get a special and it has a small piece of fish and about a Quarter cup of salad for $29! Don't get me wrong I'm truly not a cheapskate but in this economy to pay $145 for three dinners Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ This update is not to say ""Woohoo! I got a free meal."" It's just an appreciation for when a restaurant is willing to own up to a mistake and try to make up for it. It also sounds like because of me "I had a lunch meeting here yesterday and had to wait for my clients to arrive so I got to watch the active so to speak for a few minutes. I have got to say what a fab little place with great customer service!  The staff greeted the regulars by first name and were extremely welcoming everyone coming in the door.  The food was great Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ "The ""Cheers"" of central Phoenix." I kind of think of it in terms of a wedding....a lot of wedding food isn't amazing but it works because it works for big groups....I think this place is like that. I probably wouldn't go here for a date  the presentation of food is much better when dining in. The to-go boxes and packing is not as nice as one would expect."  yum. And we'll keep coming back. Thanks PCG." Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ  you'd think they'd treat their patrons with less contempt. If PCG loses business  friendly and efficient servers. Food is exceptional from the steak tacos to the burgers and daily specials. The owner Sheldon is always there which is why it is so successful. Ask for Amy Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ If you're ever looking for a neighborhood staple  for renewing my faith in brunch." Lots of locals frequent this place - and often. It's located in a strip mall in an area that is undergoing a revitalization. Don't let that stop you from trying this place. You won't be disappointed." I would definitely recommend PCG for a big dining party.  They were courteous Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ  which sounded fabulous but was only OK.  The Bloody Marys were delish but really spicy.  We sat outside and enjoyed the good weather but I really wish my breakfast had been more delish.  I will try it again but hope to land on something really good!" The hardest part may be not trying some of the other interesting restaurants in this part of Phoenix."  the food was excellent and the wine was smooth and wondeful.  I had their 16th St short rib stew (and kuddos that you have a small portion option) and it was scrumptious.  I practically licked the plate and you always know its a winner when I don't offer to have anyone taste my dish.  It had been a long time since we were there and I doubt if it will be a long time before we go back." What a place for brunch. $4 drinks are fantastic. Their tenderloin egg Benedict and sea food sandwich is heavenly. Wish we had such a place in Los Angeles. "Fabulous restaurant. Went with my girlfriends for Sunday brunch and it was fantastic from the moment we walked in. Our waitress was incredibly friendly (and even commented on how pretty I was - MAJOR tip for her obviously). The atmosphere was relaxed with a dim setting and apparently very popular for Sunday brunch (it even has its own menu). If you get to stop by  the shrimp are huge and absolutely delicious. We also had the crispy eggplant bites very good too. All 4 of us enjoyed our entrees...portions were perfect which left us room for dessert! We shared the bread pudding "Went here for late dinner with friends upon the recommendation of a local.  Unassuming location in a strip mall.  Parking lot was crowded.  Inside was bustling.  Menu had small plates I am in no rush to go back." Love that this is a locally-owned place and they never disappoint for date night for us! I always get the amazing pot roast - some of the best I've ever had! My husband usually gets the chicken & pasta dish or pot roast and swears by both of them. The bread pudding (and I'm not normally a fan) is truly out of this world and the perfect end to dinner! They must have an incredible staff as we've never had anything but excellent service there. The eggplant bites are amazing!  Everything we tried on our first visit was top notch and very reasonable. I am so impressed with/obsessed with their buttermilk pie that I found a recipe online and baked one at home.  Pales in comparison to theirs!  We'll definitely be back soon!  but I would certainly like to come back sometime and try out an entree.  Overall I would definitely recommend coming here!"  it slammed against the glass and sounded like a gunshot.  This was enjoyed during our one drink and appetizer before leaving.  So if you're a party of two le slaw was bland and Chili was essentially pork and beans without the pork. Good bar with great selection of tap beers. Sorry. Just not great food." "We stopped in for lunch and had a great experience. The food is great and the service was good too. If you stop in  love that it is non-chain and locally owned.  My dish was a layered chicken enchilada. It was delicious. I am dinging a star because it was barely tepid. I like my hot food hot! I was with a small group and did not want to make a fuss by sending it back. Love the decor and menu and will definitely give it another whirl. The service was excellent."  I was a little disappointed in the service. Otherwise would have given 4 stars."  it is not cheap but I guarantee you will find every penny worth.  I have it cooked in medium rare.  The meat is so tender and juicy.  You can taste the freshness.  I finishing my dinner with ""Bailey Cheesecake"" as the dessert.  This is the highlight of the dinner  this is definitely a place we will come back to!" We totally enjoyed our whole experience at Phoenix City Grille.  The service couldn't have been any better.  The gal was very attentive Ambiance is nice but the food lacks taste and is overpriced.. I also found it interesting that the waitress couldn't remember our order to save her life. Came back on several occasions to ask what we ordered.  but okay.  Good place to meet with your business clients." I tend to find everything else I've tried a bit too salty or oily to my taste (for example Be sure to try the Johnny Cakes - it was much more impressive than what I was expecting"  but I have never been disappointed. Prickly pear iced tea is excellent also. The atmosphere is nice and dim with cozy booths and prompt servers. This is one of my regular places :)" I have always enjoyed dinner with friends at Phoenix City Grille. I had never tried Happy Hour there so a friend and I decided to give it a try. We sat for almost 10 minute at bar before we were asked if we'd like a drink. The Green Chile Queso Fundido was quite tasty. We intended to order a few other items but We had to pry the bartenders to return for refills and food that we decided to leave and continue Happy Hour elsewhere. Keep you posted on our return to PCG... "Continue to be impressed with the very creative weekend specials....a really good restaurant with a unique neighborhood vibe.  Not pretentious Hubby had a chicken dish and I had the short rib special. Um...we will be back!!!!!" PCG would have gotten another star if it weren't for the lack and lackluster service.  I will definitely go back but I'm hoping the service will have improved."  but I must give credit where credit is due. I will be back there again to try some of their other items. Can't wait." My husband and I ate at Phoenix City Grille for the first time on Friday night and we loved it! As we walked in the door we were greeted with a quality aroma that you just don't get from a typical grill. All we knew is that we had to try the ribs and we were glad we did! I had the crusted fish and it was fantastic! The menu had many different price options and that was nice too because sometimes you just want a burger! I think another reason why we will come back is because I saw many gluten free items on the menu. We have a son with Celiac so finding a safe place to feed him is priceless! Also love the combustible to go box! Service was pretty good. We had a nice time and I think we'll definitely be back." Great food. Never really a long wait. A lot of old people though. The staff is just ok. If you ask for something say you don't want in a dish they get incredibly nervous even though you know they can do it every single time haha. Definitely give this place a try!"  I will definitely be returning. Thanks for the great service and meal." We had an amazing Valentine's Day dinner here this year. All the food was amazing. Warning!: The homemade margarita is more like a shot! Very delicious but very dangerous! ;) The taco appetizers were amazing!  We loved everything!  Topped it off with pumpkin cheesecake....amazimg! This place is super popular for good reason. If you're coming for a special occasion or with a larger group (which they can readily accommodate) I'd recommend a reservation."  and it's the job of the front line (the servers and front of the house staff) to inform guest of what things cost wither by having a price on a menu "The food here is amazing. I can't believe that this was only my first time. The price is very reasonable. I am one that usually leaves some on my plate  and friendly service.  Well-sorted menu with vegetarian and seafood options (yay me). Deschutes Brewery Porter. Affordable price point."  because he was constantly on top of refilling our drinks and such without us even noticing. Big portions of food are given. We could have shared a plate between the two of us. We could only finish half of our sandwiches The restaurant only has about 20 tables F8pSVQoGWD5qleelrxgQ4g  it was a very nice Valentine's dinner spot.  I hope to see this special on their menu again as my husband and I both really loved it.   It was Grilled Sea Bass with a champagne sauce  but we've never had any major issues.    I feel like a restaurant really needs to be perfect to get 5 stars.  I would say this is more of a 4.4 star review.  They are consistently very good.  It also pays to get on their email list for free appetizers and desserts." "I've lived in Phoenix since 1997 and finally got to Phoenix City Grille.  Great food This is an update to my last review. The service is MUCH better. Sat at the bar & they check in on you regularly and are very nice. The bacon wrapped shrimp is OUTSTANDING. It is a must to try. I definitely recommend this place. "This is the 2nd time we've been here and we were not at all disappointed with the food or service. The menu was different than the 1st time we came 2 years ago and they tried to sit us in the corner http://www.attorneysteve.net" "Everything was great.  Requested to split two entres and four separate plates came out...As requested  the staff was so friendly I felt like family. I haven't had a bad thing from their menu  my wife and I are still loving every meal!  The bar area has a cool vibe and the happy hour deals are great.  Ownership is constantly improving the concept of PCG which secures this restaurant as our favorite in town." PCG has many choices and everything I have had has been wonderful. Saturday we both had the special steak of the day. The steak was delicious and the red pepper potatoes even better! They have a nice wine selection and the Old Vine Zin we tried was very nice."  not a great experience." Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ The service is always adequate to great and it is nice to have a restaurant that tends to have a relaxed atmosphere and is generally on the quieter side.  This is generally one of the restaurants I will take friends and family to when they are visiting as it tends to please a broad range of personalities and palettes." This place is by far my favorite place to eat. My first time going there my parents took me for my bday! Their eggplant bites and corn cakes are thee best appetizers. Their bread pudding is thee best sweet thing I've ever put in my mouth! Thumbs up to this place!! Bacon wrapped shrimp appetizer is fantastic!!!" Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ  so we decided to ""settle"" for it. What a surprise! The food was absolutely world class Excellent service. Beautiful place. Hubby had an excellent burger. The Eggplant sandwich with goat cheese was awesome. We will be back!! we all left big fans of this spot and are looking forward to returning!!!!!!!!!!!!" "Great place to go for after-work drinks. Varied happy hour menu. Very peaceful and quiet. Nice ambience. Waiter wasn't too attentive at first  and no complaints after five visits.  I agree with Steve V. that the eggplant appetizer is *really  and a short pour on the wine. Clearly annoyed when we had a question about our bill. Shrimp was tasty  I loved the sun-dried tomatoes and the broccoli along with the pasta.    There were crispy tortilla strips in my friend's salad that she didn't want so I put it on my pasta.   This is a hint to the restaurant:   Maybe put those strips on the pasta??   The crispness and flavoring of the corn tortilla strips were a nice compliment to the texture and flavoring of the pasta.   If her salad was ""small  I wanted to leave; ordered a Coke but got a flat diet soda. I am allergic to diet soda. The food was just plainly bad. Couldn't wait to get home to use mouthwash and brush my mouth to get rid of the flavor of their food. Please We  were greeted warmly by the owners.  The staff was very attentive .surprised that there were no bread or crackers. Ordered their soup which was nice and hot.soup of the day was Paso Le which was broth and spicy.   . Had their burger with blue cheese and fresh jalapeos  it was a little over cooked but good  flavor "I had a dinner date there. Doesn't look too pricy till you get there and you're there in an atmosphere which makes you want to spend a little more and you see their specialty drinks. Very inviting bar area. Next time I go back I want to eat and drink there. Service was pretty awesome "You will not find one thing on this menu that is not crazy flavorful. Great ambiance  service! Servings are large and care to presentation is evident! This restaurant deserves 5 stars!" "OMG - just had their special:  baked cod on mashed potatoes with brussel sprouts and ""mom's special bacon vinaigrette"".  It was to die for - seriously one of the best fish meals ever."  amazing food. Will return." We will be returning!" What a great place! The drinks are on the fringe of being grand. The butter beer is served hot instead of warm and the best gin they have to offfer is skol. The food is prepared very well from mesquitie grilled salmon and perfect scored grill marked steak. The polenta is superb. It was obvious the hummus was hand crafted for it contained the tell signs of a little grit. Perfectly balanced with olives and chunk of vegetables. The pita is warm and tastes of being baked in store. The bread pudding to finish it off was heavy and tasted of French toast. Unfortunately I did not taste Jack Daniel's lime whiskey in what it promised. Otherwise the server was wise and professional in our table needs. I look forward to trying the trout next time. We went to Phoenix City Grill for Christmas Eve Dinner. It was busy but not rediculously so. The hostess staff were helpful and friendly. We had a reservation for 6 people and we were seated promptly. The waitress was attentive and friendly. We ordered off of the special Christmas Eve menu and off of the regular menu. Everything was cooked as ordered and everyone raved about the food. It was a nice evening and we would go back. Overall every thing was excellent "I just finished a phenomenal lunch at PCG.  The special of the day was grilled mahi-mahi over mixed vegetables.  There is no better lunch in town for the money.  Service is always prompt I will spend my money elsewhere....." We are tourists just getting some dinner.  This restaurant was fantastic. Price vs quality of food can't be beat.  The server was very nice and the dinner was just the right portions. "This restaurant is one of our favorites in town!  The service is top notch and the food is wonderful.  Thanks for being one of the most reliable Veggie plate is an entree I wish I would have tried." Went here for Valentine's Day with my boyfriend. It was our first time there and people ordered the steak and appetizer and a dessert. I thought the meal was excellent very flavorful and worth every penny. The service was good as well. I would definitely go back thank you for a wonderful valentine's Day experience!  you can count on it.    I sure would like to have the flavoring mix of the pasta.   I had called the restaurant to find out the name of my dish since it was the special of the night.    I was told it used to be on the menu Service was great though!" a pleasant surprise. She also offered free dessert but we were full and thought that would be greedy.  So will still have a positive view of this foodery and will continue to go back....their standards are high."  was confident in the menu and gave a generous pour. My beautiful plate of Idaho trout w/roasted cauliflower tasted perfect. Her plate of cedar plank salmon and fingerling potatoes was excellent. The fish was perfectly prepared  though not perfect (but I am admittedly picky about braised meats). Shoestring fries - a substitution provided without complaint - are not my favorite style  which is like the appetizer but super sized and served between two delicious brioche buns. Both entrees are fantastic! Service was great and the space is nicely lit with a lot of natural light. It's just a little bit on the pricey side." I'll be back for more the next time I'm in Phoenix!" "Love PCG. We are what you would call regulars. We eat at PCG at least twice a week if not three and there is not a thing on the menu I do not like. Monday and Tuesday they have happy hour until close (u can't go wrong with that) $6 glass of Fess Parker and half priced bacon wrapped shrimp Everyone is super nice. I love this place. It's my first time here and I'm definitely coming back. They are fast friendly and attentive. I got the a Burger and fries they were delicious. I just can't believe I have never been here before. What have I been doing withy life. Terrible service. I came in here not too long ago and a girl name Britney served us. She was awful I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Not only was she rude but the food took forever and was not even worth the wait. Never going back and hopefully the management does something about the service soon.. "Our party of seven had no complaints! Just great service and great food! My wife and I both had the Bethany Home Salad I've never had anything here that I didn't like. I tell people it is fancy versions of comfort food. Their brunch is  amazing - especially the griddled corn cakes and eggs Benedict. Great atmosphere and service.  very consistent good food and service.  My wife and I enjoy the daily specials lunch or dinner it is always creative and delicious. Waitstaff is friendly and efficient. We've been going there for 4 years and we think best place in the city."  the other was dry and almost inedible.  My wife had the cedar plank salmon.  Had some kind of weird mustard crust on top.  I didn't like it at all.  She found it mediocre.  It is a cute "I love this place. Usually my wife and I sit in the bar area and we are taken care of by a fine cadre of barkeeps.  B School Boyos Austin and Connor are the bartenders we see the most.  They are friendly and know how to conjure up a classic cocktail. PSG has a solid southwestern menu  a commodity you're hard pressed to find on this side of the country...specially brought in from a local bakery called Shelley's Specialty Desserts this pie did not disappoint either!! It's been years since I was able to enjoy this type of pie and surpassed the hype I had placed on the moment!! We will be back and HIGHLY recommend PCG!!!!" Excellent gourmet-level fare served up with friendly and professional service.  Great business lunch spot!  Everything we had was tasty and spot on.  PCG was an easy choice for our wedding rehearsal dinner. Sheldon helped us plan a wonderful dinner and the room was perfect for our group. PCG printed a special menu for our guests and everyone was delighted by the food My Husband and I stopped in for a few drinks and apps. I literally can't stop thinking about the Machaca. Super friendly bar staff and if their dinner menu is anything like the appetizers we tried... I'm afraid we might become PCG addicts. Will be back for sure!!  outstanding service! Nicholas has been one of the best servers we've had anywhere. He was extremely helpful and his recommendations were perfect. I would definitely recommend Phoenix City Grille. And I don't think you could order a bad thing on the menu. We are looking forward to our next visit."  especially the corn cakes.  Service and ambiance are excellent.  Always get the chocolate tort!   Yum." This is one of my favorite spots in town! Just great home cooking. The Buttermilk pie is to Die For! This is a Phoenix must!  hoping the other was not having the same experience.  I'm sure they would have made it right if I had brought it to their attention."  My GF had the eggplant salad which the eggplant was fried and crispy and topped with greens and that vinaigrette dressing. Delicious! The entrees were unbelievably so good! My beef short ribs was so tender and flavorful I was able to cut through with a fork. It came with mashed potatoes and a tasty sauce over. She had the salmon which was equally as tender and flavorful which came with beets. The third and final course was dessert. I had the warm chocolate torte with vanilla ice cream and my GF had the bread pudding. Perfect ending to perfect 3 course dinner. No complaints! Our bartender/server was David "My group and I were in the private dining room last week and Britney was our server. I had the pcg pasta and I loved it. The service was amazing Best place for a private event. If you are a rep looking to do a dinner training event you have to book this place. They have the private room next to the kitchen - away from the rest of the restaurant so it's fantastically quiet if you are tying to give a presentation to a small group.  No fee for the projector or screen - private bathrooms- personal server and top notch food.  They made us a personalized limited menu but they will also offer full.  Sheldon is the owner and he really set up a great facility - I travel the west looking for decent places to give small dinner presentations (8-20) and it's always too loud or the food is bad.  5 stars all the way for Phoenix city grill "We just had a small group dinner in their private room and once again they did outstanding! The food was great  I had the lunch special salad. Lunch for two people took over 90 minutes and it took 15 minutes to get our drinks. The location is easy to get in and out of The nice thing about this restaurant is we were able to get a private room for our party of about 9 people."  and has a perfect range of entries that cover most appetites. Food is always prepared perfectly and the bar is a great place to gather. Can't go wrong here. Planked Salmon We found the Phoenix City Grille by accident while visiting Phoenix. We were there for lunch and the food exceeded our expectations. The service was very good. The next time we are in Phoenix this will be our first stop. I keep giving this place a shot because it's in my neighborhood but honestly. It just isn't worth it. The service is what gets me. I can never flag someone down to place an order. I always leave and go to either Luci's or The garage across the street and three years straight I have gotten spectacular service there. had the beet salad it was was good but for the price to small considering it should be a meal had half of my wife's burger now that was really good cook perfect and juicy as hell down side the service was very slow had to ask for water all time and that was from other servers because ours was never around but will be back at least for one of the Burger's Just stopped in for free lunch for Veteran's Day. I had the 16th St Burger and Horseradish Mashed Potatoes. WOW! I sat at the bar. The service was awesome and everyone made a point to thank me for my service. Feeling proud after this visit. Staff and ownership is overall wonderful. If something ever goes wrong they will make it right.  Very rare do bad things happen.  Great vibe.  Great music.  Happy hour all day Monday and Tuesday Outstanding service! Everything was fresh and served absolutely superb. Over exceeds expectations. Staff is very welcoming and friendly. Loved it!  served by a truly attentive wait staff in a cozy warm environment.  We be back and soon." I would love to come back on my own and try something else"  yum.  Bread pudding desert is to die for.  Also liked the prickly pear iced tea.  Definitely worth the price.   David was a great waiter!"  comfortable and accessible setting. Pork shoulder entree was not only tender and juicy but tasty and interesting. One of the other guests couldn't stop raving about the burger (I thought a questionable holiday dinner order but he loved it - was sure he was going to order Prime Rib). Everyone at the table was pleased with their food - scallops "What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said. It is a solid restaurant. The food is great Best place for a private event. If you are a rep looking to do a dinner training event you have to book this place. They have the private room next to the kitchen - away from the rest of the restaurant so it's fantastically quiet if you are tying to give a presentation to a small group.  No fee for the projector or screen - private bathrooms- personal server and top notch food.  They made us a personalized limited menu but they will also offer full.  Sheldon is the owner and he really set up a great facility - I travel the west looking for decent places to give small dinner presentations (8-20) and it's always too loud or the food is bad.  5 stars all the way for Phoenix city grill Having a wonderful time at Phoenix City Grill today  picture of our server wonderful girl a lot of fun Phoenix City Grill is a classic institution. Food has always been good and the service is great  we brought our 9 month old daughter and requested a high chair. The straps on the chair were broken so we asked for a different one... And the 2nd high chair was also broken. The staff was amazing  horseradish mashed potatoes excellent! My husband loved his pcg pasta. Really good food." "I was invited to brunch with friends who are regulars. I've passed by this place a bunch of times. It's in a strip mall and doesn't look like much from the outside but when I walked in I was pleasantly surprised. The ambiance was casual with a touch of elegance. Our server was Nina who was delightful and pleasant. I decided on an Arnold Palmer for a beverage although my peers were having bloody mary's and mimosas. I decided on the breakfast sandwich and asked that it be served on the gluten free hamburger bun. It was one of the tastiest breakfast sandwiches I have ever had. A couple friends had the ""catch"" of the day which I believe was salmon and they enjoyed it. I will absolutely be back." Excellent food and service.  Salmon was so tender and moist and the sauce wonderfully complementary for the fish.  Portions were perfect. Vegetables were delicious. Stoped here for dinner.  Our waitess was not bad but not the greatest. I think she wad having a bad day. The food was very good. I would recommend  this place you won't  be disappointed. I don't really have that much to say here - it's your typical American Grill with some Southwest flair but unlike most of those places it is actually very good! And it's local to boot!"  happy hour and brunch. So why don't I frequent this place?  I just don't know... I've never left here thinking the food or service was amazing but I've never thought it was bad either. This is a place I agree to go to at someone else's suggestion Give this place a try and you wont be disappointed."  which he said were fantastic. For dinner I had the beet salad that was good. Staff was friendly & food was good. Don't forget to try the French 75...it has become my favorite cocktail thanks to this lovely place & brilliant bartenders :)" The 16th street burger was good not anything spectacular. I happen to like my burgers a tad more rare than some chefs are willing to do - a bit more medium and dry than I prefer was what I was given. The cheese on it was slightly over powering Is there better options? ABSOLUTELY!"  of course I had to take a picture in front of it. *smiley face*"  you would never know its so spacious and elegant inside. I love the wine bottle area  the area north of Camelback and Central  has some good places to eat thanks to  the million dollar homes around here.  This place is worth a visit.  I am going back for another enchilada............"  not trendy. Just awesome food and great service." "I've lived down the street from PCG since December 2015 - finally got around to visiting.  AWESOME!  Really great atmosphere - much larger on the inside than you would expect from looking at the outside.  Rebekka was our server and she was fantastic.  I ordered a side salad (not listed on the menu but they were happy to prepare) and asked for a dinner roll.  The roll was crusty on the outside I've been here several times and have always had a good meal.  I wanted salmon today... but I'm always reluctant to order salmon out.  Even at upscale restaurants it tends to be way too fishy for my taste.  I went out on a limb and ordered the salmon skewers over arugula and roasted beets. It honestly might have been the best salmon I've had out.  It was cooked perfectly - with no fishy taste whatsoever - melt in your mouth good.  The salad was wonderful as well.  I ate every yummy morsel.  I will definitely be back for lunch and this will be my go to.  and I was glad to have ordered it! The crispy eggplant with the jalapeo jelly was delicious and unique. The fries that came on the side were hot and crispy. I also ordered a red sangria and it was one of the best sangrias I've had; it was a little drier than most  and my eggs benedict was very disappointing. The hollandaise was super thin and I could detect no taste to it at all. They no longer had the pork tenderloin benedict which is listed on their online menu I would highly recommend this place!"  I don't want to tell you that this Irish Pub is quickly one of my favorites in the Valley. But "A great place to just hang out and enjoy the company of friends.  I've been here many times to listen to their open blues night and have always enjoyed myself.  They've got pools  but i've never seen it actually get made. or eaten." Cowboy was the coolest part. That man has found the secret to life." If it weren't for a terrible headache I would have probably closed this place down.  It was a fun visit that's fo' sho'!"  and Cowboy was on the top of his game (a sagacious old fool whose coolness rivaled the marlboro man) spinning his cowboy hat in the parking lot like a whirling dervish. cowboy had a wisdom and charm that is unmatched. As the night dragged on and the songs became more desperate  and we had a great time.  I live fairly close to this place and will likely be back." Biggest crown on the rocks I have ever had.....ever.  The lady bartender who's name I cant remember was awesome.  It was a tuesday night and was kinda dead but I still had a great time. 