I know I'm becoming an old lady when I don't know what's hot on the radio  but he makes my ears hurt." "Charlotte's NPR news station - 90.7 fm. Excellent local news coverage and be sure to check out Charlotte Talks at 9am weekdays I don't even mind the fundraising. You have to make money somehow. The whole line about paying for a magazine subscription or cable TV always gets me....."  plus online news have been my primary sources to know what's going on in the world; I feel well informed both locally and nationally. Yes "This station plays a great variety of oldies and classic rock. Where else can you hear Phill Collins & Genesis "What  I like about 101.5 is the music they play... yea yea it's the repetitive top 40 where you eventually start hating the top 5 songs coz you've heard like 10 times each on different stations... ok... woah... i digress! I like the radio djs. Snake is on... and I still remember him from 104.7 and Gringo Suave is not that bad either although I hardly listen to morning radio. But it just reminds me of the old 104.7FM before KISS took over. And that's why I like it The only thing I wasn't keen on was trying to get there to pick up my tickets. It's in downtown Phoenix but one wrong turn and you end up the wrong direction to get into the parking lot. I found this out but still made it in okay to pick up my prize." 424HyHMwienlGfTp9Bj9BA 424HyHMwienlGfTp9Bj9BA  their lack of too many commercials! I never have to worry about waiting too long during the commercial breaks and for that reason alone they get a good rating in my Yelp book! I do miss their old school remixes on the lunch hour though." After listening to a morning announcer trash a man because he was using a urinal in the men's room with his pants down I wrote this announcer and explained that there were a number of physical problems that the man could have had including post cancer surgery. The announcer didn't have the decency to at least acknowledge that I wrote him nor admit that maybe he wasn't the all knowing smarty that he tried to sound like. Good reasons to never listen to this terrible station again.  5am-9am every weekday." "I sure like listening to Shappy on ""The Dave Pratt in the Morning Show"" on KMLE. I hated country but now I'm starting to like some country artists. So thank you KMLE." lW8-lFQ-mwG-Wl6iUKoT6g  they play great country music all day long! I especially like that they don't overkill the commercials so you get more music than downtime. I know I can always rely on KMLE for good This station used to be an 8-9 out of 10. Now maybe 3-4. They play too much Florida Georgia Line and DJ Sinister is a joke right? Call themselves a country station but play this BS. 94.1 KDRE is real country.  If that station is not playing great music try 96.3. Real country is still alive but not on KMLE anymore. I used to LOVE KMLE country. Now I cannot stand to listen to it. It's very apparent that Steve & Nina are not naturals for radio personnel. Most the time you can't make out what they're saying and their skits are brutal!!!! please take them off! And of course they play only rap/pop country rather than actual country music. Thank god we have some real country stations in AZ.....it's not KMLE!  but the 3 songs they play get very very repetitive and tiresome. If they would play a bit more than the top 20 ALL DAY LONG it would be better. Since there are other people in the office we take turns playing radio stations This station is ridiculous and infuriating will i flip out if people speak to me in person like this? probably.  most likely. most definitely." "I always listen to this station. All the host are pretty entertaining... Bruce St. James and Mac and Gaydos are probably my favorite.... And who doesn't like Dave Ramsey?! I totally need to read his books... Then only thing i dislike about the station is the syndicated glenn beck show... He talks too much religion YuUSUcgF5sxKuqzFHCwb8w KTAR has turned liberal. I only listen to AM 550 now." 92.3 stays pretty centered and they also seem to play devils advocate and mostly try to look at things from the point of view of the other side. Its why I listen." Love me some Mac and Gaydos! They are funny and deliver the news that we need. Ned and Connie in the mornings are great too! They have a fantastic dynamic together and help me smile while waking up (Not a fan of Monica who does the entertainment news but she's only on twice an hour quickly in the mornings.) I very much enjoy listening to Bruce St James. Very funny and comes up with some great points. Reminds me a lot of Adam Carolla who I miss very much.  especially Bruce St. James with his ""eeelclcccccjcchchchchh"" and his ""No ifs ands or buts"" and his constant  need to be total opposite of  ""popular opinion"" and his ridiculous justifications of it." "The news segments are OK but Bruce St James makes those commentaries/discussions hard to take. His high-pitched and often shouted rants make fingernails on a blackboard seem like a day at the spa.  The content of what he's actually saying is lost in  his stuttered  we have been listening since before they became a duo. Unfortunately we have started listening to another station in the afternoon in order to avoid their show. It just seems like they are trying too hard now and are just pulling stupid $&/@ out of their @$$. Some of the assumptions they come up with are just ridiculous and far fetched I can go on and on ! THE WORST EVER !!!!!" "I am so sick and tired of them saying they are not republican or democrat.  They mention this and then say Otherwise he is a good traffic reporter." 