"This paddle sport supply store is stocked to the rafters with a staggering selection of everything you could possibly ever need to get your crazy paddle on.  Owners  I would suggest you consider other stores in the Madison area. I frequent several other stores that have excellent follow-through and place greater emphasis on customer satisfaction." One word of warning - you will want to buy something I will definitely come back - we are looking at another purchase for my wife." Great place to rent kayaks for a little bit of exercise and sun... Stopped here on my way up north and picked up a paddleboard. Staff was super attentive and knowledgeable while helping me get correct board for my size. I will definitely go back. cBZ4iVkTtTEsHfezroc8hg  and I'm eying a pair from a company based in Denver that uses 95% recycled material to make a Cadillac-like kick. If you're not up for the investment I often like to gauge a business by the happiness of its employees and when I talk with them about working at Rutabaga  and SUPs for half days and full days. The only way its worth the money is going all day. Multiple people acted really rude. They treat you like an idiot. We got there at like 5 at night and acted like they were pissed they had to do work and help people. Tons of paper work to fill out. Don't park in there parking lot or they tell you to move onto the street when theres no one in there parking lot. The front seat on the canoe was very narrow if you were a big dude you would be really umcomftable. They did have the fabric seats compared to metal seats  staff is friendly and knowledgeable. They connected us with guides for our Apostle Islands trip and we had a great time! Thank you :)" I wasted 5 hours of my Life and a 1/2 tank of gas which was $20 just to be lied to and disrespected. That's Not living life and I would have hoped a company that sells goods in the field of Enjoying Life would hire people who have that passion and respect for their customers." "Excellent service and helpful staff.  Just awesome that you have the opportunity to ""test paddle"" in the little lagoon behind the store.  Today Ian was super patient in teaching us how to mount our kayaks on the car"  but AHS is great.  And definitely worth a visit."  there was Arizona Hiking Shack. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. They are very good at fitting their customers with the right gear. They make every effort to be sure that you have what you need and are prepared for your hike b-IWZuVd3f0GcbtetwG5WA  as they close earlier than larger retailers."  he explained to me why X shoe would be better for than Y shoe as well as helped me understand for the first time why i need an orthotic insert.  my feet are feeling GREAT!  i am so happy with them  go here!  Your choices are somewhat limited but they'll do their best to find something that works for you!" Patient and knowledgable folks who clearly love and use these products. They cherry-pick selections so you don't have to. Go here first and support local business. NOTE- After 40 years they are not on Cave Creek anymore. They moved down to Thomas."  they sell EVERYTHING you need for the outdoors except bikes. tons of rock climbing and mountaineering goods!" Very helpful. Knew exactly what I needed (a grappling hook) and pointed me in the right direction. I will use them again. Very nice.  kayaking and hiking/climbing equipment and attire. They have a huge selection of books and maps and their customer associates are knowledgeable and friendly who are also outdoor enthusiasts A nice shop with a silly policy. This shop seemed like a nice find but I had a bad experience. I went in to rent a climbing harness for a few days. I was charged $52. To a neophyte like me this seemed like a good deal but it would have been nice if the worker had told me that they sell better harnesses than the one I rented for less than the rental charge. When I went to return the harness I suggested that instead of being charged for the rental I buy a harness plus a locking carabiner and an ATC. They declined my offer and so I will be taking my business to REI in the future.  don't kid yourself and trust on-line salespeople and purchases.  Don't wander into REI. Instead "Excellent experience. My son is a new boy scout and in need of back packing gear. Judd was terrific. Patient with our questions and he had my son try on different packs and then loaded them with weight. Of the packs we looked at Stopped in to browse & was saying what a great store they had.  I hike often & have horses so I could have spent a lot of $ there. Have a friend looking for a kayak & asked a simple question about the used kayaks @ the front  ... The sales guy gave me a very condescending answer & chuckled. I will never go back & will spread the word!!   Thx  while still being ""in line"" to purchase boots. Maybe if the attendant said ""I will come find you when we're done"" or take a number."  every piece of hiking/climbing/backpacking gear I own is from this shop  glad you are still here !"  but be prepared to pay the price for it. If you're a serious outdoors enthusiast it may be worth it I was searching for a pair of Costa Sunglasses and located the Arizona Hiking Shack via Costa. These Amazing sunglasses are hard to find in Phoenix. Their selection of technical clothing was also impressive. True specialty shops are a rare find these days. I intend on supporting these professionals! Very friendly staff but not the best selection of gear and the price aren't the best. There are  better stores. I can't say enough about the quality of the staff... The best!" "Amazing this place stays in business given the owner's lack of customer service. I went in today looking for an Imlay Canyonero rope. After waiting around ~10 minutes the owner came to help me. He showed me an Imlay rope and I said ""that's a Canyonfire"" to which he replied ""I have no idea."" Then he started telling me about the differences between nylon and polyester rope and that the Canyonero is not a good rope for getting wet. I said I need the Canyonero it's the rope I want and it was designed to get wet. He left  biking and everything to do with trails b-IWZuVd3f0GcbtetwG5WA Well stocked hiking store with an interested I got greeted immediately when I walked into the store! The man helped me with exactly what I needed and exactly what I was looking for. He was very knowledgeable with his product! I really appreciate the great service and how genuine he was when he help me out today! I will be back for sure! Everyone here was pretty helpful and knowledgeable about hiking trails. Would definitely come back here to rent or buy equipment. Thank you so much! I look forward to breaking-in my new Scarpas!" They don't open until 10am though so don't show up too early!"  super friendly super knowledgeable and really love what they do. They have a great amount of options for gear and although they are a little on the pricey side I'd much rather support a local business where you have knowledge sales people who are really passionate about what they do." After looking at rei and champs we stumbled on this place on a hunch to get hiking boots. We were not only surprised by the help but they supplied us with routes and just genuine help.. These guys are great and I'd highly recommend anyone who is serious about hikingor outdoor activities to go here. Cheaper rental rates and overall amazing support.. These guys don't just work here they love the outdoors as well.. You won't regret going here..  thought I was going to get some hiking boots for a Oregon trip and didn't know much about them. After going to Rei and another sporting goods store we found this on a whim and got not only amazing boots which I'm grateful for but got a great place for information and service. They not only explained the boots but offered maps to hike in the area and gave their full attention to us the entire time with no hassles. We also rent a tent from this location which they showed how it worked and answered all of our questions. Very cool place Incredible product selection if camping/hiking/being outside is your thing. Over the moon smart employees who really know their stuff. The team is there to help you  friendly and fun staff. Places like this make me love and want to support small business. If they do not have it Great place to get gear.  40 plus years of rope rescue and spending long periods of time in the mountains. You will be steered to the right gear for the best price.  helpful and beyond patient. Very relaxed vibe when you walk in. Not at all intimidating. I rented hiking poles two weeks ago. The rental price was incredibly affordable. Unfortunately  how heavy a pack do I carry and where did I intend to use the new shoes along with a variety of ther questions. He recommended an OBOZ shoe (which was not one of my options at the time). He even provided me with the sock I was to use. He measured my foot and found I was a size 8.5 instead of 8. After trying them on and changing the lacing to accommodate my heel I loved the shoe and bought it on the spot. He did provide another shoe to try to see if it was better but it was not. I have been hiking in the new shoe and I could not be happier." I wait here to rent a backpack for a weekend hiking trip and they were so helpful. They get you the right size tell you where to pack things and even give tips for whatever hike you were doing. Dano and Jack helped me safe my life. Long story.... next time I need saving again I will so totally find them wherever they are on this planet that's how amazing they are keep up the good work men you turn me into a badass survivalist woman. 