 to see what real ramen is like. hopefully they'll expand their ramen selections in the future." Went on a Saturday night and it was VERY busy.  I can't wait to go back AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg  but none for me this time around. The banana bread that is served with every meal was enough to sate my sweet tooth." This place has the best vegetarian sushi roll in town as well as overall good food. Service alters from unbelievably excellent to non-existent.  Japanese and Italian noodles in a restaurant with plenty an Eiffel Tower decoration and a bright red British phone booth???  Check it out :)"  but I would stay away from the Ramen."  but would phone in my order first It's a solid 4-Star Noodle Cafe!"  there's really not much pork in it. That's why you need a delicious shrimp or duck salad." P.S.  The tiny parking lot gets crowded very quickly and street parking with Oregano's next door can be problematic."  but this is no place for massive groups." Mmmmm....Korean Spicy Beef at it's finest! Their appetizer breads are fantastic as well. *names have been changed to protect your stupid identity. Maybe not. Haha." Spicy Beef Noodle Bowl." (I really think everyone is reviewing CherryBlossom under the wrong spelling.... It's CherryBlossom  it's too much waiting.  It took 40 minutes to get my food the last time.  I think something needs to be done about the wait time and why doesn't the waiter ask me how I'm doing or bring me water?  I appreciate those kinds of things!" The menu seems to be at a reasonable price. Great place to have a enjoyable meal during the late afternoon or early evening."  cute and relatively cheap.  Its a great place to go if everyone your eating with can't decide on what to eat... Pasta?  Check.  Soup noodles?  Check.  Sushi?  Check.  The chicken parm and salmon pastas were delicious!  Can't wait to go back!"  but thoroughly enjoyed everything I have ordered.  The wait staff is very nice... one of the times I was there waiting for my food a very impatient and rude patron was being very mean to the hostess and she took it in stride with a smile on her face.  When someone can do that I give them props:)" The upshot of my visit there is that I left unsure that boyfriends are worth all of this trouble  the sushi rolls were fantastic. The tempura shrimp in particular was mouth watering. My friends thai inspired soup was so good I almost wanted to dive in so I could simply lap it up with my tongue. But he hit me on my forehead with his spoon so I retreated back to my sushi rolls. Service was first rate. I had a manger meeting and we were there almost 2 1/2 hours and were never hurried and not once did we get the ""waiter stink eye"". If you've ever been privey to that OMG I love this place also.  VERY GOOD..The tempura shrimp  is the best.... The tables always bothered me at CBNC.  The ""2-tops"" always seem crowded with the little lamp and the box of spices and chop sticks  the soups and the spring rolls. I had not been in for a few years and was pleasantly surprised on my visit last night as to how busy it was. This is good value and quality for an area of central Phoenix where good restaurants are scarce. And don't dis the desserts -- they're terrific." My friend and I got the unagi salad (big enough for a meal or to split) and then the seafood yakisoba noodles. The salad was excellent and the unagi (eel) was fresh  their sushi and Asian noodle dishes are delicious!  They've also got an assortment of interesting cocktails--Saketini "One of the best oxymoronic ethnic restaurants in Phoenix. They have some of the most authentic Japanese food but then they're offering Italian food on the same menu?? Don't try to figure this place out. Just go try it and you'll see that good eats  there would be NO wait. Man it up and chat with a stranger. You'll be standing like 2 inches from them heheheehh."  since they are almost always slammed and have no parking!"  presentation... but not so much a sensation." This is one of my favorite little places. I always feel comfortable here. the atmosphere is quaint and the food is damned good and affordable. It makes a terrific date place. Good for conversation. The desserts always look terrific but I never save room. Best value for Japanese food that I can think of. I'm beginning to salivate again!"  we got the tofu steak and takoyaki (octopus balls) for starters.  The takoyaki came in a set of six and was topped with this oh-so-delicious brown sauce.  We followed that up with a wakame (seaweed) salad and an entree of salmon in cream sauce over pasta (not the exact name. it's on the last page of the menu near the bottom).  OH MAN! SUPER DELICIOUS!  Finished it off with a creme brulee I am waiting for it to get cold out (or even mildly less than scorching) so I can go in for some Ramen!!  Real Ramen - nothing like it.  This trip I had Tempura and some cold noodles. - Good stuff." My all time fav restaurant in town for ramen noodle. I always go there for its Takana and Char-shu ramen. Cherry blossom's ramen reminded me of those that I got from Harajuku.. thick This is the first time I went back since last year (rated 4/5 previously).  Hopefully he will improve his service and attitude or else they will lose more customers." Despite the 2 stars this visit we will likely return. I think there are better things on the menu and more things to try.  I won't bother with desserts of fancy drinks next time."  my spicy tuna roll and my crunch roll. If you read this and I still have some left...ha ha...I might share with you. But I upped my rating to a third star because our bread basket was tasty and because we were able to feed three diverse needs in one place We then ordered a bottle of wine and a sip here and a sip there and we were all in heaven! Talking to our waitress about the Navajo sushi chef behind the sushi bar who she was trying to hook up with one of us... but we couldn't tell WHO she was trying to hook him up with! One of the queens or me?! Said chef never made it to our table - and it's just as well... we were in food heaven savoring our delights and wishing we had bigger stomachs to take it all in! I'm a big fan of this place now and am VOWING to take several people with me next time! :)"  this is my favorite restaurant I have ever been to in my life."  this is the place to go. Their soba and udon bowls are very nourishing and the soup isn't too salty. It's a great casual eats place and the menu has an ""Italian"" side if you have friends who are in a non-Asian food mood. Also  you have busted me.  But I try to be covert.  Mwa-hahahaha."  it was quick and cheap for a latenight dinner.  We were in and out in less than an hour and it was $20 out the door with tip - can't complain about that!  I'll be back!" srsly..... ne place that serves soft shell crabs is A+ in my book." Service was attentive in the beginning and then our waiter disappeared. I witnessed two other tables in our section grow confused and then annoyed as we waited... and waited... and waited for the waiter to return. One couple was even in mid-payment and finally went to the take out counter to inquire what was happening. I asked the busser to let the waited know we wanted our check. This disappearing act really took the shine off of an otherwise nice dinner. We'll likely return still got the clams so i was satiated."  I never would have found it.  This will definitely go on the rotation.  Don't let looks deceive you Ok I""m sure the more I eat here the more likely it will earn the fifth star  I ordered the tempura vegetable soup with udon.  It was really good.  It didn't have a ton of flavor but the server warned me of that when I ordered.  She stated that this was a simple dish.  Everybody in our party seemed to like their food although nobody danced on the table and raved about it.  Although  but won't go out of my way to do so.." The server accidently knocked my glass of water over in my direction but he cleaned it up quickly and was very embarrassed about his mistake. Overall the service was great and I expect I will return soon to try the Tempura "slow service. The banana blueberry bead was so so. Rolls were so so.  Sushi wasn't bad PS. The chicken Parmesan is just ok. Steer clear of the traditional Italian dishes - save that for Maggiano's or Carraba's. I've always been too full to order a dessert here I'm super picky about sushi being I'm from New Orleans and am spoiled to fresh fish. ALSO! I haven't found the Crunchy roll anywhere outside of New Orleans and found it here. SO EXCITED! Definitely try the crunchy roll! Between this restaurant and Hana's sushi  never seems to make it out of the kitchen as fast - and therefore be as hot - as it should."  soups and drinks! Perfect place because there's something for everyone." the bread basket was delicious and a good start to our meal. our service was good The strangest thing about this whole ordeal is the fact  the main ingredient of my appetizer and sushi roll was not even on the menu." We'll definitely try them again - I'd really like to try the tofu steak with mushroom sauce that Kerstin mentioned.  And next time  especially this great Japanese restaurant in Chiang Mai that had this amazing moat around the sushi chefs were they would float the sushi on little boats that you could pick and choose.  Very disappointing http://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-nhat-tempe"   I would never go back.  The food is great.  The service is SO bad it's comical.  I always go in knowing I'm going to get the worst service and then I'm ok.  The wait staff is just not really attentive or GREAT at their job  I go with my gut instinct and order the Champon as I had intended to the first time." "I love CherryBlossom as much for their eclectic nature as for their delicious food. Pan-Asian influences in their main menu If CBNC would tighten its menu and choose one decor I'd probably be raving about it.  For now  long converstaions and those who need to stretch their time together. Everything is wonderful and you will be pleasantly surprised with the beautiful decor in a strip mall..... you'll feel like you have entered another land "Not bad. The minute I stepped in this place I thought that I had accidentally looked up a previous address for CherryBlossom. I get that it's a fusion restaurant but it's a bit of a surreal experience to feel like you're eating sushi in a Mimi's Diner. Poking fun at the decor aside  we found Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe.  My wife and I could order in Japanse (her native tounge) again and the menu offered something other than sushi!  We had Takoyaki (which was expensive All in all it was not bad maybe next I'll try a different entree. this is the reason why I'm skeptical about going to so called ""Fusion"" places. but hey I'm always open for something different. isn't that what makes life worth living?  :)" It was a really nice surprise. I will look forward to going there again."  tax and tip. Pretty decent. Definitely coming back soon."  bring this place to CALIFORNIA!" The standard appetizer dish given to you when you first sit down consists of several kinds of bread that take my mind off the outside world and make me realize I'm here to enjoy something tasty. The hustle of the staff and the laughs of the other patrons make me less aware that I am actually in a small strip mall in the middle of a city that usually doesn't feel like I'm around other human beings. Honestly "They're food is really good.  And the staff is so fun and polite.  They have an awesome happy hour that is from 3-6 on weekdays where you get sushi and beer and some appetizer's for half off which is hard to beat.  The sauce for the udon noodles is really good too....and if you like spicy  excellent sushi.  The Thai Beef Salad is amazing!  They have affordable lunch specials with generous portions. A refreshing change from all of the chains in the valley." *Price = great*  a blended drink + one appetizer + one roll + 2 entree + 2 desserts = check turned out to be around $60!" The service here used to be fabulous; now it is mediocre on a good day and terrible on a bad day. You will be held hostage for your check. Your waiter will come ask ""is everything alright?"" before you have taken your first bite of food and then never return to see if you need anything else Now if only I could find a place in Phoenix that serves Japanese pancakes...." I have not been back. My sister has but my experience left a bad taste in my mouth literally. You get 2 stars one for decor and one because my sister likes it."  some type of fried fish and an orange.  For about $8-$10 it's hard to find a better deal.  I would highly recommend CherryBlossom for those looking for a Japanese meal.  It is small I was very happy with my meal and service and would love to go back for some Italian grub...will have to convince boss to send me to Phoenix again :)"  so that Cherry Blossom is a logical destination for me and my friends when we want to dine out but can't seem to decide on one cuisine to have for the evening. If only the service were a bit faster ..." AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg  make sure you try one of their special drinks!"  I've tried the other dishes but I always order the same thing. it's fantastic on a cold night or any night for that matter.  It is too big to finish and is packed with seafood So in conclusion. If you enjoy sitting and waiting while watching other customers who walked in 10 or 15 minutes or more after you did get their orders taken and served their food i love this place. the noodles are so delicious! we went for the Cha-su ramen. it was very delicous. i was disappointed the next time we went however. we went a few weeks later. we got there at about 930 pm. it wasnt that late but sadly they ran out of ramen noodles when we tried to order them. i was very disappointed because we drove out from gilbert. so instead of the ramen that night i got the champon noodles. they put a lot of yummy seafood in it. the portions were huge. so i was very happy with this noodle dish. i love this place. the service is very slow however and sometimes the waiters never even come to the table after sitting there waiting for the check. Cherry Blossom creates a nice environment and the prices are right.  No wonder it is crowded.  When I return I will try something else.  After all the menu is huge.  Something has to be good on there.  Three stars."  Beef Nanban Udon & Yakisoba."  and everything has been delicious. I believe it. They say a large part of taste comes from our sense of smell Curry dish w/ Chicken"  that is my only gripe besides the fact that it shares a bathroom with Tokoyo Express next door. A table of four that was there while I was were basically entertaining the whole place. It was easier to listen than try to talk over them."  it was still piping hot.  Generous portion of shrimp and TONS of crushed peanuts.  Yummy!  The sauce had a nice sweet/tang to it.  I saved half to eat later.  Or tomorrow There are some nice little touches though. They serve you some of the best banana bread that I have had in a long while  and we'll be back. Just don't go if you're in a hurry - service left something to be desired. Like the bill." Best Asian (not just Japanese) noodle shop in the Greater Phoenix area! I love their ramen and udon's. The fried udons are excellent. I usually get the seafood udon. Highly recommended!! You can check out their menus here: http://bit.ly/8S3o98 "nice place... i went here after seeing all of the reviews.  i think that everyone summed the place up pretty good.  i was supervised by how many different ethnic foods they had... from Italian  great service and very reasonable prices (yet another surprise). I will definitely be going back to try more of their food and hopefully hit up a happy hour in the near future."  this cozy place is great tasting and service is great. This is a perfect date place or lunch time place. I really liked the lunch boxes they serve Other than the horrible service the food was excellent. I only wish I was able to try the sushi." "I have to echo so many other reviewers when I say the food was good but the service is a nightmare.  We waited almost 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us.  The table next to us (and I mean within 4 inches of us) was seated after us and received their drinks before anyone even bothered to say 'hi' to us.  The drinks took forever  especially since I can pretty much touch every end of the room when I stretch out my arms." (Great Sushi Happy Hour and miso soup)" "I am so conflicted about my feelings for CherryBlossom Noodle. It's like the guy or girl you are super attracted to but they have a shitty attitude. I wholeheartedly agree with the previous reviews that the food is great but service is inconsistent and mostly bad. I was being generous with the 3 stars for this experience but have had higher star experiences in the past. Just not this weekend. We went on Saturday night against my husband's better judgment and at my insistence. Sorry  food isn't going to make me return to a place to eat. We usually get takeout from CB because their service flat out sucks. My wife made me go with her this past weekend "Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe has the authenticity of Japan's finest ""Mom & Pop"" eateries.  This effect is achieved by trasporting diners to a quaint interior with friendly service and delicious food the moment the enter from the low scale strip mall exterior.  The Ramen with Pork Cutlett (chashu ramen) is superb as are many of their other Asian dishes and even their italian fare is done with care and skill.  Sometimes the servers aren't the best in terms of knowledge and attentiveness "This is rather unique....korean champon and Japnese Ramen soup....Thai beef salad.  Food is fantastic here.  Often It's definitely a great lunch spot! I would come back for sure."  although I'm sure it's fine. Maybe I'll try it some day. Itadakimasu!" Cherry Blossom has the best happy hour items! So tasty and fresh!!!! I am in love! "I've been to Cherry Blossom twice during a one week period and I am looking forward to going back again to try new things from the menu.  The atmosphere is awesome  but the inside is quirky and classy. The walls are brick and the decorations are well-chosen. It's a good place for a date or to meet a friend for a casual happy hour." So long story short... If you find yourself hungry (or even just a little peckish) in the Central Phoenix area  but she was a delight when she showed up. I would visit it again and definately skip the ramen jokes the next time!" "I had to pleasure of going to cherry blossom last nite with a good friend and lemme tell you it never disappoints me. i had not been in a while. the minute you walk in it is like being in someone cozy space  where you can watch the chef's at work and always good for a tasty meal." I had the udon + tasted my friend's ramen. It was really GOOD! I like the homey feel of the place." The Chicken Katsu is the best item on the menu! I would definitely order take-out I don't think i would ever visit this reastaurant again because the menu was weak and uncreative." and this place went downhill in quality and service over the last 3 years."  but I go for their champon. The broth combined with seafood and vegetables is flavorful and delicious. The broth is not too spicy or heavy Gohan(Rice) is always perfect; so that's probably why I like this place and Tokyo Express next door." Overall it was excellent.  We went at 8pm on a Sunday night and the place was packed.  I see that as a great sign.  Our service was normal Teriyaki Salmon Bento Box-Good!" My eyes widened as my Ebi-Ten Udon Noodle ($8) arrived. It was a large bowl filled with huge udon noodles paired with soup and steamed spinach. Along side were several pieces of shrimp tempura that were golden and inviting. Could this be what I've been searching for all of these years? After one sip my hopes plunged; just not quite the same. The flavor of the dashi  you definitely get what you paid for. So much food and large pot of ramen. The prices are reasonable Beware of the leg on the front door during the haloween...heeheehee..."  it gets better... He totally took it off the bill!  ...I didn't have to pay for my dinner!  How cool is that?  This is one of our favorite places to eat for sure!  This is a quint little place to eat Best noodles outside Japan.  Very authentic Japanese style restaurant.  Try the champon noodles...  hope to try it in the very near future!"  and reasonable in price as well.  The cooks are insight and friendly with those sitting at the bar.  You know it's pretty authentic when you see more Japanese/Asian sitting and eating their bowl of soup In summary:  Amazing food but the service sucks.  Sit at the bar.  Still  I have had rather positive experiences at this establishment and look forward to my next visit!"  to beat the lunch crowd. Other tasty items I have enjoyed here are: cali crunchy roll OH! here are all the Asians in Arizona. Surprisingly food was really good. They don't try and rip you off with a ton of rice on the sushi. Everything on the menu was super cheap.. compared to dining in Honolulu. I do recommend you eat here though. The food is most definitely worth it. The cons really aren't enough to stop me. Just plan for some extra time." "Deliciously inventive.  I almost always get the ika mentai noodles.  The bread that they give you (complimentary) is fresh and good.  The salads are delicious.  I will say however that service is a bit slow They don't have Takoyaki anymore which is soooo sad." I must echo the other reviewers about the service. GOOD LORD. Seriously slowest.service.ever. Last night we waited a good 15 minutes for our server to come back with the bill and the hubs credit card. Not cool. We've decided that when we go next time to ask for our bill the second our food comes out."  there is something for just about everyone." Very good food and good value I'd say too!  I see you again soon Cherry Blossom!!"  and then all of a sudden: great sushi and noodles! It's a lot of great cuisine under one roof. I'll definitely be returning."  so I'll have to try something else some other time.  Maybe.  The heart takes awhile to heal." "I had been meaning to visit this place for awhile and the only regret I have is that it took me so long to swing by and have a taste.  They have a decent and well priced lunch menu as well as a large assortment of Italian pasta and Japanese type entrees.  After debating the tonkatsu lunch versus the ramen and roll combo  but the beef iron pot was even better (todays lunch- yes we loved the place so much we went twice in 24 hours). The spring onions had been roasted before entering the soup and gave the broth a wonderful smoky flavor. The cabbage and tofu were tender and soaked up all of the lovely flavors of the broth. The iron pot was too big for me to finish alone. I needed some assistance halfway through so I suggest you take some friends and share!" My absolute favorite dish is the hot udon soup with either chicken or veggies but I have tried several other dishes and have enjoyed them. One of the cool things in this restaurant is the curious mixture of Asian and Italian cuisine. Unfortunately  AZ area and wanted to try something other than Mexican food.  I choose CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe as it was an interesting place and I was in the mood for Ramen.  I had the Spicy Lettuce Wrap with Shrimps & Vegetables to start.  It was good but I do not see how anyone could eat it as a wrap...very messy (I ended up putting the lettuce in the bowl and ate it with a spoon).  For the main dish  this was on a Monday evening. So get there early and be willing to try something new--they have a huge menu with lots of interesting choices--choices that I will be trying in the very near future." I'm not going to be the Rihanna to CherryBlossom's Chris Brown abuse no mo."  and the food was cheap I would recommend this to anyone who loves great tasting international cuisine."  Cherryblossom has really gotten their ish together. The last few times I have gone have been really good. Service is alot better which has consistently been my beef with this place. I have been impressed. The food has always been good and the last two times I've gone have been during lunch. Both times I have gotten the lunch bento special of the day and what a bento!!!! For just under $10 Good food and value. Hopefully they'll up the lunch coverage in the future." The price is definitely reasonable and really worth it." "Finally!  The last two times I've gone to CherryBlossom the service as been great.  The food is still wonderful "It was definitely one of the worst ramen I have ever had in my life... I know I have such high expectations for food RJs7tddkKh_HWLhQ8bBDKw  and ask for the banana bread.  'Cause you're at a place that serves sushi and fresh-baked banana bread  this place is great before a show or sports event." AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg I really like this place and I wish the other reviewers would try them more than once. They have amazing dishes  but that is not the case here!  Great food and great service make this a place I will definitely be visiting again!"   Don't get there during rush or you will not be getting a seat.  Overall 7/10 for me :)"  and the woman who works the hostess stand is really friendly  was inattentive to the point of rude...he brought the entree soup and salad course before the appetizers and left the app plates on the table throughout the entree course...did not check on us during any of the courses but did so with the obivious ""regulars"" also seated in his section...one of worst servers I've ever encountered to the point of my not returning because of the chance of getting him again" This place was discovered purely by accident.  I wanted some noodle dish and i was near my old high school I googled good noodle places on my phone...this place.came up...i was like why not just try it for take out...i pulled up and i walked in and looked at the menu...i was so confused...tbey have italian and asian choices...i was like great this place cannot be too good if they are offering two types of food...but i was there already so i was going to try it...i was conflicted i love italian but i wanted asian so i got a staple...pad thai...it was delicious...full of flavor and i was very impressed! Since then i have been back and this place is good...i go here if i am in the area...its super casual...i love to take the food home and eat if while watching my reality tv and desperate housewives show...good place you should try it! In short - HA too late - DEFINITELY try  CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe.  Especially if you like spicy food. :) :)" Our go to take out in Phoenix. The TanTan-Men ramen is delicious!! Nice and spicy. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. I don't get what people like about this place. It's generally crowded with rushed service and the food has yet to impress. I've tried at least twice -- maybe I'm ordering wrong but I really just don't get it... We will not be returning."  2 appetizers and 2 main dishes perfectly satisfy a dinner for 2. The service was very good and timely. Next time I go back   be careful when ordering take out... they tend to miss a few things due to the noise when calling in. double check your order X1nTlg9in3_Ch8QR8Hx4lg SAYANORA Cherry Blossom"  it tasted ok.  I can see myself coming back since it will definitely satisfy my cravings until my next visit back to LA but unfortunately It took me over a year and then allowed my wife to convince me to give it a try again. Completely improved experience. I have been there about five times in the last 5 weeks and am happy to say that the service here is vastly improved in every way. I have not seen the incompetent server that ruined my last experience here but the servers we have since then had have all been perfect. Keep it up Cherry Blossom and I'll keep coming back!  soft shell crabs and then finish it off with a delicious version of pasta bolongense or spicy korean beef with noodles? that's right--somehow the kitchen has pulled off a restaurant menu that offers the best of asian  and italian dishes. i have been here numerous times and have had just about everything on the extensive menu. it's great for lunch or dinner. everything is made from scratch so you may be frustrated if sometimes the entree proceeds the appetizer.  it's one of the quirks of dining here.  so the food might take longer or shorter to arrive at your table than you thought it would. one waiter Best authentic Japanese restaurant in town for udon and katsu! Does not get better than this in Arizona! Amazing chicken parm. I was told by my Brother i need to try it. I was hesitant at first because its a Japanese rest. It is fantastic. I have ordered it 2-3 times a week for past month. I am as picky as they get with Italian food. Good Italian food. Was born and raised in NYC and found this to be some of the best chicken parm in AZ. Portion is filling especially for $12. husband had chicken parm. Shocker! prob wont be back for awhile spent $40 bux and had better at YC's Mongolian today : )" How'd I not know about this place?! I can't wait to try it again!" "CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe is a charming little restaurant located in Central Phoenix. The prices are reasonable and the food is delicious. They serve both Asian and Italian cuisine here but I haven't had the balls to order anything from the Italian menu. The last time I ate here with my boyfriend we ordered a spicy tuna roll For my first review I decided to give my two cents about Cherry Blossom. My family and i have been going to this gem for many years now. The menu reads a little weird. They offer a lot of Asian dishes and Italian classics. It sounds weird but they serve one of the best pasta in phoenix. During holiday period I always buy their sweet bread and cookies. Considering the economic times we live in the happy hour prices are a big plus!  and prices were reasonable. The waiter was very pleasant and gave great suggestions. We will be back!"  and the dish was tastefully seasoned. These 3 dishes and 2 alcoholic beverages only set us back $40 (plus tip - which was well-deserved). We will definitely be returning!"  lots of  choices and friendly wait staff.  GREAT happy hour Sushi and prices !  HUGH Noodle bowls to share  Nice little surprise!  Truly enjoyed the Sushi and noodles.  The staff were also very warm and welcoming.  I think I will give it another try. But probably will make sure I am not seated to the same waiter again."  Phoenix is the complete opposite. With little options for a great dining experience with delicious food Cherry Blossom has become one of our comfort-food places. Comparing to other specialty places in phoenix I have been to this noodle cafe many times and love love their Ramen. Their TanTanMen is very good and very hot. I like their Shrimp Shumai too.  The sushi is OK but I don't go there for that. "I'll follow the half star theme and say 3.5. I had the nagiri sara something or other. It tasted like cantonese chow mein kind of. It  was quite good. The waitress said it was very popular. The friend had his ""usual"" of hakata ramen (the lucky guy lives right across the street). The staff is some of the nicest hosts/waitresses I have ever met. Very complementary Stop in give it a try its cheap nice and tasty." Went there a long times ago. Great noodle place. I will go again soon~ Might be for some people I considered giving CherryBlossom Noodle Caf three stars  but can't move past the ramen.  I lurves it so much.  Fantastic flavor I'll definitely be going back."  I'm docking one star only because service was mediocre on a night when it wasn't too busy!" I had the Yakisoba and my girlfriend got some salmon special. Mine was so-so but her fish looked like it had been cooked on a greasy hot plate and apparently tasted bad also. What she ordered came in a box with a bunch of other pretty terrible things I cant recall since it has been a year. The salad was ok for a side salad and the sushi was about as good as store bought. The service was nice and helpful and the place is a little divey to me but could be described as quaint by some. I see some other recommendations but I doubt I go back with so many higher caliber dining places with all around great food so close by. The pricing was right around the price I would spend for much better even then. To each his own I suppose but I know two people that weren't pleasantly surprised. Located across the street from 'Just Blaze' ( a smoke shop) and apartment complexes. Accepts AmEx." Highly recommended. ALSO - you may want to make a reservation on Friday or Saturday night but it works.  Don't forget to try desert.  We had chocolate cake and strawberry cake.  They were so light.  We went back for dinner again the next day to try the salmon spinach pasta and some of the sushi rolls.  The service was attentive even though the place was packed.  I look forward to coming here whenever we are in Az." I can tell they work really hard to fill up 20+ hungry party animals. I was too full to have the dessert. Their frozen chocolate cake looks very delicious. I will visit again without the entire party."  and she was very responsive to my needs and immedeatly told the cooks about my allergy.  Great food...great service and she even gave me a to-go cup for my iced tea....what service....I will be going back here a lot in the future." The sushi and Udon there are also very good. I strongly recommend this place as it has the best Japanese food in town."  I probably won't be going back. I could definitely find better Thai dishes  it tasted like the cook was trying to get rid of some leftover food from the lunch hour.  I did like the crunchy bean sprouts - the only thing that gave the dish any texture at all.  Mixed in were the asian style noodles I expected and also spagetti.  They were both like mush from overcooking.  Though I ordered chicken Awesome sushi! Love this place!  topped with a bit of whipped cream.  I will DEFINITELY be going back." Check it out if you live in the area!"   Even the standard ""Dragon Roll"" was missing.  All-in-all it was pretty good and in the right situation I would go back again--I just wouldn't necessarily seek the place out."  and my water was not refilled once. It was impossible to get anyone's attention to get service which is enough to put me off and not want to come back. Personally  a steal at only $10! I've had their sushi twice. Everything is very cheap and VERY tasty. Servers are very friendly and pretty quick. In and out in 45 minutes during lunch. I think I will be frequenting this place very often."  the server was attentive without being intrusive.  Will absolutely return and have recommended it to my friends and colleagues!" This is our new ""goto"" Japanese joint.  And I will definitely give the Italian dishes a try soon.   MTG Score: DH 0 / Me 3" "i am SO glad we decided to try this place on a sunday night!  they were a bit busy and there was about a 15 minute wait-but it was well worth it. the service was amazing "Went for a little dinner and a beer before going out for some karaoke and dancing last night. We were having a great time  so take advantage of the low prices and double up on your orders!"  but it was good enough to satisfy my ramen fix. The servers were very friendly and efficient. I wish I lived nearby to try more of their dishes."  I'd have to make a special budget item for eating there regularly."  it is the best I have ever had. also the ramen here is delicious. I recommend getting a big bowl of the Hakata." "Loved the feel of this place. I had Suki Udon and was blown away! So good and so much food. My son had a just OK pasta dish and spent most of the time eating my soup. Even with both of us chowing down  but not rough and the sauce it came in was rich and delicious! My husband is constantly dragging me to Chinese places that serve mediocre noddle dishes with so much salt  cheap food costing big bucks giving patrons food-poisoning from re-using left-overs!" Overall the CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe impressed us to say the least.  We will be back to try more.  Thank you CherryBlossom  and they're always very crowded.  But take your time and enjoy the company you're with and you'll be fine!"  some short ribs (dont remember the dish title) ramen and marsala (this is the one we didnt care for) Interesting unique flavors. Also  they have a wide variety menu.  The sushi was ok and the ramen was decent.  It was just weird to get served warm rolls and butter before my spicy tuna roll came out.  I've had better sushi and ramen (not in Phoenix yet but this was my first shot) in so cal so I'll have to update when I venture to another sushi place in town.  Service was good." The best part however is hearing tourists say ""HEY THAT WAS CONNIE CHUNG"" I corrected them and said ""Do you mean Lin Sue Cooney?"" it was good for a laugh but you just never know who you will see here!  it is AMAZING!  GO!!!!"  & the whole in the wall authentic experience is your thing than this is the place for you..." If you want to try dining here there are still some positives. I would just go off hours and somehow get them to give you a slice of their Banana Bread. lol! The lunch specials were rather cheap actually so that's another positive  with the exception of only one waiter that I really dislike. He is extremely dense and not very knowledgeable about the food on the menu  but the Cajun soft-shell crab was AMAZING. My dad is from Boston and eats a lot of seafood and we eat a lottttt of crab and this was one of the better places in Phoenix I've had soft-shell crab. It wasn't overly fried like some places (ahem  it's the only Japanese restaurant that I go to Good food wide variety give it a try." Great food and my water glass was always full.  I loved the tofu noodles and I usually don't like that kind of thing. The sever forgot about us and my katsu curry tasted like meat gravy. What a waste of my precious hard earned money. love the cold soba noodles  I recommend this one. Go here! You will not be disappointed."  and the pasta was overcooked. Overall food was ok but worse than I had expected given the 4 star rating and seemingly authentic menu."  but I understood it was the lunchtime rush and the place was filled. Probably won't be going back soon though." We decided to keep waiting since my friend was worried that other restaurants are closed by the time we get there (It was almost 9pm.). Turned out that was a big mistake. One of the clam noodle plates was not well-cooked. (The angel hair noodle was still half raw.) The other one was even worse. Some clams were still icy. Not just cold Horrible service. Barely acknowledged when you first walked in. Slow service and waited for my check for 20 minutes before getting up to go get it myself. Will not come again.  and fortunately I can do just that without breaking the bank! Take a little detour from the light rail area and give Cherry Blossom a chance."  Italian dishes. I've never had any of the Italian items but friends of mine say they're delicious. I honestly have never had a bad meal or bad service there. Lots of tofu and veg-head selections Went to dinner last night before the Susan Tedeschi & the Derek Truck band concert at Comerica Theater. It was the BEST dinner we have had in a very long time. This being our first time at Cherry Blossom our waiter was very accomadating & helped us with suggestions. The food was fantastic!! My husband ordered the Korean Spicy Beef Noodles & I ordered Yakisoba with seafood (minus the calamari & asked for SPICY!!!) they were both excellent entrees. If this restuarant was closer to us we would probably come back weekly until we tried everything. The portions were quite large & the prices are very reasonable. I want to thank all the other YELP reviewers for also leaving excellent feedback to help us decide on this little gem. We all know you can't always believe what you read BUT this place is worth a try. REALLY!!! "Best ramen I've had in Arizona.  Very tasty broth.  Nice ambiance and fast service.  They have a wide selection of Japanese appetizers  too! I got the ramen lunch special which came with a California roll that was incredibly tasty and fresh  it's no Shinsengumi of Los Angeles - but in Phoenix this is as good as it gets." "I love ""hole in the wall"" restaurants. This place has great decor Love this place! Definitely come back for the ramen! For the ramen soup!" What a cool and unique place! The food is fantastic. The chicken katsu was amazing !!  so it's a great place for the family because everyone can have something different.  Service is ok "The takana ramen was tasty. Especially the broth. Also tried the extremely spicy gyoza pot. I love spicy food  i was charged regular price on the dish without being told by the server that it wouldn't qualify for the lunch special due to the substitution.  It was only $3 more for the rice nooodles  and bean sprouts for a hearty bowl of YUM! I have had lots off the menu here as I really do love this place. The Miso Ramen is by far my favourite. My tiny always orders gyoza. The sashimi is fresh also! I have no complaints for this place. Ever." Everything is fresh and full of flavor. We try something new each time and it has never disappointed."  love their pork ramen!"  calamari too.  They also had spicy ribs on the appetizer menu...got to try that next.  Udon in iron pot looked good too! Service is once again fast and friendly.  It really is becoming one of my favorite joints in AZ.  Located in a small plaza.  4.5 stars!"  no complaints.  Service was great.  Food was delicious." NOTE:  Manager/Owner = Get a food runner.  Thats all they do -- run food!  It's simple. I am sure the service staff doesn't want to pay out their tips to a food runner.  But Avoid avoid avoid. What is this place Japanese? Italian? Do they know who they are? We ordered seaweed salad - I think my frys has better salad for $2; my daughter ordered California rolls - very average; the pad Thai was as bland as I have ever had and the calamari was over fried and zero flavor - no wonder they offer  sauce. Kids liked the cinnamon flavored bread so that accounts for one star. Wonderful place! If you come around 4:30/5 you shouldn't have trouble finding a table. All the desserts are excellent. I don't have anything bad to say!  two entrees and an alcoholic drink for under $40. The soba w/ buckwheat noodles... delicious and gluten-free. I'm in heaven."  even we offered to pay for them. I offered the Gomoku Yaki Udon - pork was overcooked and overrun with whole calamari that still had eyes... Interesting decorating - Asian  I would go to Cherry Blossom if it is near you or if you are just dying to get your ramen fix and you don't have a lot of options living in Phoenix but I prefer other ramen houses I have been to in Vegas and California much more than Cherry Blossom." champon noodles is one of our favorites. the cinnamon bread is awesome Fantastic ramen and awsome service!  Will be going back for sure! I loved this place it seemed very authentic the watress was very friendly and the food is delicious plus the price is great. we had just about everything we could order on the menu and it was great. I expected to pay a big bill at the end but didnt it was well and fair priced so the watress got extra for being extra special. I would say at least try it once. I have eaten here a number of times and the same problems seem to be on going.  I will avoid in the future or at least these menu items."  solid place. I'm a big fan of the ramen... It's a big bowl of happiness. Never had a problem with the service (only place I've ever been to where the server apologized for interrupting me when she was checking in) as everyone has been very nice."  I really wanna go there during their happy hours :)" Went here xmas eve. Delish and great service! The CBNC does get busy with a wait during the lunch and dinner hours and service can be inconsistent outside of the bar which is another reason I sit at the bar.  But I feel the food makes up for just a few easy to overlook annoyances." Cherry Blossom noodle cafe is more what I call an Asian fusion restaurant. It is a little dive that looks like nothing from the outside. You just have to be courageous enough to open the front door and discover the fabulous flavors of Asia that await to conquer your palate. I definitely would not say that Cherry Blossom  is Japanese by denomination. By far Can't wait to go back!"  the food is delicious. It does take a while to get from ordering to eating but the cooks are hustling so I can't complain. Try the Gyoza Hot Pot. It's awesome. 5 stars without the wait and bare (but potentially clean-ish??) hands on food."  and it has always been fairly good--both the cooked noodles portion of the menu  as well as the sushi side.  I haven't paid too much attention to the Italian food.   Anyway  try and call ahead or get ready for a wait.  I know this place is famous for 30 mins to 1 hour wait "This place is really nice and is tucked away in a plaza that is not really noticeable  "I was amazed by this place! I went with a large group and everyone loved their dish. I could not believe that one restaurant could rock both Asia and Italian cuisine. They have homemade desserts too. The prices were amazingly low  we asked for a spit check and he proceeded to tell us that he ""couldn't do tax in his head"" so basically too bad. We decided to spit the check 4 ways to be as easy as possible. Then as we were leaving he reprimanded us for not asking for a spit check before hand. I think it would have been nice for a server to be observant and ask us if we needed that rather than expect the table to make that known. A little foresight and customer service would have made a huge difference." I really like this place. The atmosphere is nice and the good is really good. My girlfriend doesn't like their sushi. I think it's good for inexpensive sushi and a sake for lunch. There's a calamari salad that's very good. Recommended. Go only if you have a lot of time and don't mind not getting refills on your drinks (or sometimes not at all for your whole meal)." "There is just something about this place. I have been there few times and I love it. I think it is becoming more popular  they have asian food and italian! Food is always good. The service varies depending on who your server is that day. Sometimes the waiting time for a table is crazy. Parking is hit or miss."  it's small and the noise level isn't too loud so you can easily hold a conversation with whoever you're eating with. But I don't think they have a great ventilation system because you can smell the smoke/cooking smells from the kitchen." Anyway! The place has great food for a great price. I definitely plan on going there more often."  but I was not happy with the server we had. She took forever to get our drinks and was not the friendliest. She also took my husbands soda while we were eating to refill it and took forever to bring it back. It was not even empty yet. I like the Pad Thai  being in a non-descript strip mall next to a Domino's pizza and a drive-thru liquor store.  The inside is very quaint and nice and clean."  which is a hard feat for most restaurants. I particularly love the Chicken parmesan (best in Phoenix) "I had the tofu pasta with clam wine sauce. I have never tried tofu pasta before. It was very good. It's definitely a place for Japanese Italian (noodles) than traditional Japanese Great place for happy hour!"  don't go to one of those American chains pretending to be a Japanese restaurant. :cough cough: Ra Sushi."  and both are done right. Price matches the quality of food and service. Parking is the only negative."  it can take a while to get one's check and change.  Vaya con paciencia."  mainly because I also want to try their sushi and ramen noodles. But they are well known for their noodles so I'd like to come back to try that next time. =)" the food is okay.  a little pricey for what you get." I will never tire of this place. Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe sets the bar high and keeps it there."  is such a sweet guy. He carefully explained the lunch dishes to me. I love the window table table they gave me. With the cute lil lamp. The dish I had Korean spicy Beef. Dilish..... & Green tea. It's a cute place. Gets packed at lunch  sweet and knowledgeable about explaining when asked ""Why does this place serve Asian fusion AND Italian food?"" I'm not giving the answer herein..you'll have to go try it to find out! What a find."  the noodles did not seem like genuine ramen. They had the taste and texture of Italian vermicelli. My inner food snob was all like ""Sacre bleu! Zis eez sacrilege!"" but my inner glutton helped me to get over it and enjoy the delicious spicy soup."  give Cherry Blossom a try." Great place for Ramen!! I definitely recommend!!! Absolutely delicious ramen. The hakata and the chashu are my favorites. It can get busy but don't let a wait discourage you. Completely worth it.  the entire experience was pretty good but far from great. CherryBlossom offers an eclectic mix of different cuisines and dishes. Though the ramen could not satiate  ""hey this isn't right.""  ""your right let me correct it"".  ""Uh it still not correct"".  It took them 4 tries to finally get it right.  There were two of us and we ordered 2 plates and 1 drink!"  waited for my check...it took much longer than I wanted for a evening snack on a not so busy evening. Ramen...the best in Phoenix so far." Very good ramen. Had some excellent pot stickers and edamame as well. Cheaply priced as well! The saki clams r good too" Feed your NOODLE and ENJOY!" Definitely recommend this place as a solid lunch option for a reasonable price." This place is fantastic. I decided to get some take out and it was delicious. I didn't want to stop at just one bowl of the Cha-Shu. I will definitely be going back many more times in the future. My wife and I lived in Japan for 4 years.... the one thing I haven't been able to find in and around Phoenix ...until today is really well done sticky rice. I had almost given up hope :)  The meal was all around very good. The ramen my wife had was tasty but I would say the ramen at Monta in Las Vegas is better. The broth is much more flavorful.  All in all... this is a nice place to have here in the Valley... give it a try.  the food makes up for any shortcomings. Go try some of the dishes I just mentioned and let me know what you think!" I'll definitely be back but it may take me several trips to try something other than Katsudon only becuase I've been searching for it for so long."  and pad Thai. The orange roughy is really good as well. Small place but can surprisingly seat a lot of people. The theme is Asian Paris. It's always crowded. Service can be slow but the food here is worth it!! Easily a Phoenix favorite."  but good at least). This was really sub-par at best; the nicest servers or prettiest backdrop cannot make up for low-quality food. But I am a temporary tourist in Phoenix (4 months for work  and are inexpensive.  It's definitely a smaller restaurant but they do take reservations.  Service is pretty consistent in that it is good - except for this one caucasian guy that we've had twice that never seemed into his job  a good place to get your noodle fix." Thanks to Cherry Blossom and the Pie Hole my list of foods I need to stay happily downtown is complete." I enjoyed some spicy ramen with chicken while Dave got to have sushi and seafood udon. Perusing the menu I found more than just the ramen that I am interested in trying.  This is definitely a place we can visit again and again." Overall experience of the Culinary Ninja: When breaking your solemn vegetarian vow it is good to exercise within a week of consuming any meat product.  This Ninja has enjoyed the experience and plans on returning before the first clouds of Winter stretch out over the valley horizon."  was especially kind and helpful even though I am a bit of a high maintenance orderer(allergies :-/ ) Cannot say enough good things about Cherry Blossom!!! Love it!"  our waitress was extremely friendly and very helpful. No complaints here I look forward to returning and trying some Italian dishes. Also They offer reasonably priced lunch specials and sushi too. My only complaint is that the service can be a little slow  and the noodles are perfectly cooked. Try the Milky Green Tea-- it's my favorite drink on the menu. The owner is very pleasant "I discovered this place a few months ago and ever since cannot stop going back. This is one of the only places where I don't mind waiting for an hour (usually on weekend nights) because it is so good. Great staff It doesn't really matter how good the food is if you can't get to it." I would like to go back to try something else."  I will keep going back." "The price for happy hour is good  come check this place out and if you're in the mood DEFF TRY THE CHICKEN PARM!"  it was balanced and bursting with flavor. I would gladly pay double or what I received. Staff was nice as well. Keep up the good work!"  my receipt said Ken was my server so that may have been his name. I  enjoyed the food but had to keep asking for things like my appetizer which never came out before my meal so I asked for it during my meal and he immediately brought it to me which meant it was sitting somewhere. I had to ask for some bread as that was never brought out. Had to ask for a refill on my green tea from another person that was walking past. Afterwards he sat down my ticket and I put my card down to pay and he never came back to take it so I had to ask an older Asian woman to check me out."  so take my word for it. Last night I had my usual collection of appetizers and sake. My friend had her usual sushi orders. Word of caution for newbies: service can be uneven  but it certainly didn't taste fresh either. It was somewhere in between the two...if that is possible. The presentation wasn't bad either  and the quality can be hit or miss on the rolls. I recommend going for the main entrees."  or just simply being cheap & cutting on the potion size.  We had ordered the tofu shiitake mushrooms and got just three pieces.  What!  I have ordered this many times definitely more than three tofu's.  At the least the ramen still good.  The size is the same." Went here for lunch today with three other people from work. It was packed but we were able to get a table in the back. They have some great lunch specials and I ordered the Shrimp tempura Udon soup with a California roll. The soup was good however it could have had a little more flavor. I ended up having to put in some soy sauce to liven it up a little bit. The California roll was right on and I enjoyed it. I also ordered a side if Gyoza (potstickers) and they were very tasty as well. I really like how the wrapping was thinner than most places. The bread that they give you when you sit down is very good.  They are hot and fresh yeasty rolls and it was hard to have just one. They also have a great selection of desserts as well as baked goods. I did bring home a slice of chocolate cake for hubby so I don't know how it is yet but it sure looks good! Service was very good and our waitress was very friendly and attentive. I would recommend this place and will definitely come back again. This will be my new lunch place EVERY time I get my hair done." If you are looking for a wide selection of Japanese food that is fresh and delicious  and rice. I think the range of items is really the neat part about Cherry Blossom. It seems impossible to come here and not find something you like. Although I haven't really tried any of their Italian dishes  but with great soups and salads as well. My wife and I really enjoyed our lunch. She had the hot beef Thai Salad and I had the Miso ramen with salmon. No complaints here!"  so I don't know what was going on in the kitchen.  I thought both dishes were too salty and the cha su was very dry. The ramen should also have more vegetables to balance out the bowl. I was glad I added on some tempura vegetables.  It satisfied my craving because I was sick and wanted soup  prepped really well. I ordered the spicy Korean beef and it was oh so good. I think this can go down as one of the best dishes I have ever had in my life. With each bite you experience so many different flavors. I can't wait to go back to this place and try something new."  piano music.  How about some K-Pop or something. I know that's Korean music but it's a start. ;0)" "The best Japanese restaurant in Phoenix that I have been to so far.  I am a Japan native and this comes close to home cooking. Love it. Also "The Thai Beef Salad here is Amazing!  Spicy with tons of flavor.  I like their sushi too  so I haven't completely given up on this place."  and I ultimately have nothing but praise for Cherry Blossom." Don't Snoh a few door down"  but the broth was amazing! So spicy and flavorful...it was awesome. I got to try Becca's Tantan noodles (or something) which was spicy noodle soup with ground pork.....ohhhhh definitely what I would get if it weren't happy hour. It was so delicious The worst experience I've ever had. I should have known better when they told us 15 minute wait turned to 40. Then finally seated by the door a crowd of people also waiting for to be seated standin behind us. We waited 15 then for our server to make his first appearance...we left. Ridiculous.  but doesn't have much meat.. Huge portion of noodles though. Place is so cute inside even though it looks like a shitty strip mall location! Must go! I will be back many more times." There is only about 4 pieces of meat about the size of my thumbnail in my Hakata bowl. So disappointing. "I absolutely love this little cafe restaurant.  Everytime I came  I had a Valentine's day dinner course here before and it was so romantic and tasteful. This is the one of two Japanese restaurants in Arizona that I can enjoy authentic Japanese food!"  perfect for a quick lunch.  The decor is really surprisingly authentic to a neighborhood ramen-ya in Japan.  The staff were very nice.  I took a little tart with me as a treat for later food is consistently excellent.  BUT do not buy their gift cards which expire one year from issuance.  Cherry Blossom is one of my favorites so I received a few gift cards but they expired last week (dec. 19th) and the restaurant will not honor them.  There is a promotion they're offering for gift cards so buyer beware.  this place is the worst sushi place ever. We also noticed that the people preparing the sushi were of Hispanic origin. That explains the sushi quality but it doesn't explain the jack of customer service."  I will say that their pastries are good."  not too much sauce and plenty of chicken; the philly roll was all right--tastes just like any other. My boyfriend was disappointed that the tempura roll was rolled into tempura flakes instead of flash fried. But overall  and even my boyfriend's business associates to this location.  They have happy hour prices  dumpling app. and korean beef rib noodles. Everything was very good. The sushi was outstanding! I will be back!" Best ramen place in the valley. Try their hakata ramen. The broth is very soothing and so good. If you like it spicy then definitely try tan tan men. I wish they had more places like this in Phoenix area. AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg  and ramen!  Try the low carb soy noodles in your Italian dish.  Good stuff."  but once you receive your delicious bowl of goodness you will quickly forget!" Probably one of the fewest Japanese restaurants that are decent in AZ.  Nothing phenomenal but it is as good as it gets out here. The prices are good but the restaurant is tight and crowded when it's busy.  It's not a relaxing atmosphere for dinner. A great spot to eat out with friends. Great place for any occasion.  Food is great. Sushi is fresh.  Service is amazing. Eat here once a week. And I live in Chandler  just right amount of sweetness made it so perfect and I ate all... May be it's a good thing that this place is not too close to my house. I may try their cake too often and I have to watch my girly figure if I do :)."  and now I wonder what took me so long and when can I return! I asked for suggestions from my friends who are frequent customers  my old roomie was a big japanese food fan and she brought me to all the amazing places in So Cal. So expectations are super high for ramen and other japanese appetizers!"  I love this place and will continue to return even if I have to deal with the inconsistencies." MUST TRY AND RECOMMEND!!"  I will miss you dearly.  Luckily I have friends who are sure to send me frequent snapchats of their future noodle feasts.  Until we meet again  but it somehow works. Their pad thai is tasty and I love the udon. The portions are quite large and they don't skimp on protein. Staff is all very friendly and it doesn't break the bank. I want to come back and try the ramen  I have missed good Asian food!! The udong and katsu bowl curry is my favorite. Their Korean style dishes does not taste Korean but it's still good. And compared to all the other Asian restaurants in town There's a steady flow of customers that come in and you can tell that they all enjoy themselves and the food. It really hows. I can't wait to come back and try more food off the menu everything sounds super delicious." Loved the food! Potstickers are good start and any noodle bowl is good. Ya lil cramped inside but it's a nice cozy kinda feel. Ordered the tempura plate and the Katsura curry with a green tea .Everything was amazing will be coming back! AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg LOOOOVE this place!! PAD Thai is delicious :) I haven't been here but my friend says it amazing by any chance does anyone know I they serve bubble tea or calpico? "We have been to this restaurant multiple times. The restaurant serves both Asian and Italian dishes. This is my hubby's favorite place for ramen noodles and he told me the broth is pretty close to the flavors you'd find in ramen houses in Tokyo. According to one of the employees  it was amazing. I've had better pork but the broth and noodles made up for it big time! Phoenix doesn't have a really big Asian community esp in comparison to LA and MN so I was happy to find a place with proper good noodles. I'm a noodles freak! One of the best ramens I've had."  I was pleasantly surprised to how good the broth was.  I got the Cha-Shu ramen and the broth was not too salty annd to me This place is local favorite!  Such a random menu from sushi to Italian food yet nothing disappoints! The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because of the service. It's rather sub-par. The wait staff are friendly they just aren't overly attentive and often seemed a bit confused or disjointed. I often find myself waiting for sometime after I sit down for a waiter to even come by with water. It's not the worst thing ever  however my server in particular very very rude and not helpful with menu questions Amazing! Ramen was spicy and delicious! A must try. I totally recommend the California crunchy roll. Fresh flavors and reasonably priced. Will tell every sushi lover I know Will be back soon. Like tomorrow."  which is supposed to be the best ramen place in California. Can't wait to get me another one!"  which I ate all of! Thank you! AND I was hungry an hour later without leftovers! I am so disappointed and insulted."  while  he got the cha-shu.  We were both super happy with our food - practically licked the bowls!  Our server (think his name was Brandon)  prices and service although sometimes slow during busy times but worth the wait." Great food at a great price. This place is a great find and thanks to yelp and the great reviews I read I decided to try it out and all I can say is the good was awesome!!!!! If you are in the area stop by and try this place out I would totally recommend it. Thanks again YELP for helping me find a great place to eat. The food is tasty.  I will definitely make the trip to try it again.  The only issue is it's quite crowded and they don't seem to have enough servers but I guess this is typical to all good restaurants.  I would still recommend this place to anyone.  I will also try their pastry next time.  It appears that this was a bakery in the past and then turned into a restaurant. They have more than just sushi" Now do u inderstand my confusion to this fusion? I probably wont b back. Surprised with all the yelp reviews...disappointed." this place is wonderful! everything me and my husband have had here is absolutely delicious! everything is fresh and very tasty. great menu and a good happy hour on fridays! check out the cherry blossom noodle cafe!  no good news here. Avoid." I definitely recommend this place ad will be coming back." Can't beat their happy hour! Food comes out fast and fresh. Sometimes I do find that I'm looking around for my server to bring refills/the check but for $3 sushi rolls I really can't complain! The decor is not what you'd expect to find inside but who cares when the food is this good? There was about four chefs cooking right in front of us because it was an open kitchen and we were sitting at the bar right in front of them.  We saw every dish that they pushed out and they were all made from scratch.  The ingredient was definately fresh and the chefs has skills.  It was impressive to watch.  They served chinese The ramen was delicious! This was actually our first ramen in Arizona which is first and best! The sushi was nice and good! Our server was funny and friendly! This was the first and best Japenese food in Arizona!!!!!!!!!! I got the worst food poisoning I have ever had in my life from this place. It has been three days and I'm still having trouble eating and digesting food. I do not recommend eating here "amazing passion fruit tea  it's takes a while to get the food out. Another thing is the seating. It is very small so every table is really close together. Other than those two things Decent prices. Needs a fresh remodeling "Excellent. Ordered the Korean spicy beef dish. It was great. Worth the drive. I will definitely go there again I then immediately walked out! Don't have to spend my $$ at a place that is so unfriendly towards it's customers." The service was good.  Although it seemed that they were a bit stretched for the busy Wednesday night.  All in all it was a good experience and we will be back.  It took about 10 minutes after were eating to get our check processed."  I can't imagine we were the first group with this request!  I'm not saying I will never eat here again because that is not the case but I can say I will never get take out for more then one person from here Service was great and they even let us bring in milk tea from Snoh next door. I would love to come back during happy hour and try the other deals. Even the regular menu seemed pretty cheap "Lots of menu items to choose from. Got shrimp pad Thai and California crunch roll  but might be a personal preference. The tan-tan men noodles were very good as well. Sushi is decent. Haven't tried the asian-italian fusion dishes but my ex always ordered one and they looked absolutely fantastic."  sometimes it's good other times they kinda forget about you. I go back because I really like their food." "Reasonably priced for the quality of food received. Went on a date here and loved it so much that I came back to show my mom and sister how delicious the food was. Popular little hidden restaurant that I would highly recommend to anyone. The menu is so extensive and everything looks so delicious that deciding on what to eat is a problem I love having when I go to a restaurant. Service is just a tad slow but that is expected as it is a very popular spot apparently  excellent food! (Also appreciate the diversity of their menu ^^)" The food here is wonderful and the price is amazing! They have a beautiful atmosphere and the staff here are really nice! It's great for get togethers and parties! What I love most is their dessert! Their cakes are lightly sweet and not bland! Not to mention that their desserts are so light! If you can also order take out! Cherry blossom is truly amazing. This is a great first date restaurant for it's cheap prices and large selection of possibilities." "I like how the menu crosses continents.  It's nice to have options.  My husband ordered the ramen.  It's definitely tasty comfort food.  Nothing like the packaged stuff were used to.  I ordered jap chae.  It was a little salty do I marked them down a star.  It would have been nice if my noodles weren't swimming in soy sauce.  The waitstaff is nice but it took a while to get our check and I was starting to get bored since we already ate all of our meal.  To leave this review on a couple of positive notes They have really fresh sushi.  It's a great little place for lunch.  Very nice staff.  and even though I omit avocado due to an allergy the rolls were a good size. We also got the chicken pad thai and took home leftovers. All was well "I went to Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe for lunch at the recommendation of a coworker. The prices were reasonable Whenever I am hungry I can count on this place to send me out content! The food is great and there is such a wide variety to pick from. Not feeling like Asian food? No probelm! Pick from one of their Italian pastas! Sushi is great and I recommend the curry! Need to add a good ramen with all the fixons to add on and I would stop going to Japan to eat" The chicken Phad Thai here is like the casting of Mance Rayder in Game of Thrones...like I'm sure he is a great actor but his face is weird.  i would not get a roll. I would direct myself to one of the other dishes which were satisfactory."  it was a lovely experience. The environment was very nice as well. It was great to see some Japanese stuff on the walls and around the restaurant. It was pretty busy in there as well. My only complaint is that we didn't get to interact with any Japanese employees  and other non-noodle things that make an asian noodle place amazing. This is a place for old Phoenicians that think they are going outside of their comfort zone. For them I had the pad thai and the California roll. Both were pretty good but not mind blowing. They do have a very robust menu so I would go back to try more of their offerings.  however this gives it character and many people like that. Noli is a fine waiter and the service there is as good as possible and usually warm." Other than the super delayed service the food was yummy for a great price!!" "I used to think they had the best tonkotsu ramen in Arizona but lately something changed. It's not as good as before. The soup tastes weaker and the meat is harder and tastes different. Also My eating companion and I absolutely love this place. We've been frequenting CB over the years and watched what seemed to be our little secret grow busier and busier. The staff is great and the food is even better. We never seem to wait long and it's a great atmosphere to bring a date or just chop it up with friends. But like their sign says.. I think I will go with the noodles next time."  come here for quality Japanese food and expect a modest wait (definitely worth it though!)" All in all great place and I will be back for sure." Not a perfect 5 because I know it can still be even better in their noodle quality/treatment."  but the chashu ramen is always the way to go! So much flavor in the broth and the sushi is just as good! Usually you can tell when sushi is old or pre-made because the seaweed inside will be soggy and stringy  and things forgotten and duplicated that weren't supposed to be. Not sure I'll be back."  like your choice of noodle soup with inari or a California roll.  Although the sushi isn't a reason to visit Cherryblossom and the California roll isn't something I'd jump at ordering even at my favorite sushi joint  but always packed and crowded. I've had the smoked salmon ramen and the udon stir fry. Neither were very good. Ramen was too salty and the udon was bland. The calamari salad is good after the first few bites Great place! Stopped here on a whim with a friend from out of town and really enjoyed it. The food was fantastic and the service was even better! Definitely go to this place if you're in the area:)  I had the assorted tempura dinner and my wife ordered the tofu salad. We shared the squid salad appetizer and of course they always bring out bread & butter with your drink order. Everything was yummy as usual. My wife tried the mango tango drink? Very unusual taste  finished eating and left before our appetizer came.  A shame.  What a way to lose business.  There are other places to go."  especially for happy hour. I wish I hadn't taken so long to stop in!" Final thoughts: I would come back to try other dishes."  i needed to add a lot of hot sauce" "We have been coming to this place for years and it never disappoints. I just wish we could come more often! I've had some of the sushi and the miso with salmon ramen Went for the first time today and was pleasantly surprised to learn it was a Italian Japanese fusion. I ordered the chicken katsu which was really tender. The salad was also really good. We will be back !  and their goyza spicy soup is the best!!!  I keep going back since is one of my favorites!!"  and amazing sushi! You can't go wrong here! Everything on the menu is fresh and delicious! Can't wait to come back for more!" This little restaurant  has a wade variety of noodles.  Their menu may be too large and sometimes makes your decision tough.their food is good not great. Mostly Asian fusion .many of my friends love this place. Service is a little slow  I would really rank it 3.5 Was looking for a noodle place in phoenix and found Cherryblossom. It was fantastic! Definitely the place to go for ramen and udon. Hidden gem. I can't wait to come back and try more things on their lunch menu but you better bet I'll be ordering that ramen lunch special sooner than later!"  or various other things wrong with it.  I vastly prefer nigiri or sashimi to rolls.  In this case I was pleasantly surprised.  It had a light tempura battering and the roll itself was extremely well balanced.  I would definitely order it again." The pork katsu with curry was better. The curry was a tad bit sour for my liking but the pork was pretty good! My dad kept complimenting the rice  not overly sweet and fake tasting like some other places. This place is not quick I have recommended this place to many friends and will be going back as long as they're open for business."  sending it UPS is a very odd method of delivery"".  Then it dawned on me...what's my hangover food of choice after a good old fashioned bar crawl that ends with me playing inappropriate songs by Academy Award winning rap groups at bars whose name I can't recall? OMG NOODLES!!!!  Oh yes AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg The food was awesome and the staff was great. Home away from home.  Love it.  so you should not expect the waiter to be only serving you...that would be unreasonable. Bottom line  and spicy! The ramen is great and we're obsessed with their weird cakes. The servers are super friendly and always helpful. Sushi is always tastey." Note to self: just order the Chasu ramen. There def should be at least one whole slice of pork "Our excitement to try this spot was sadly not realized in the taste of the food. Sickening amount of oil and wah wah wahhhh.. no flavor. Ordered the hataka ramen and spicy beef from all the raves from Yelpers. Boo on youuu. The place is cute  pad Thai and tan tan men. The broths were all delicious and unique.  It was fairly 'Americanized' but so are we  Pad Thai comes with a plate full of noodles and veggies.  Service is slow because of the crowds.  Had to ask for more water and it took more than a moment to receive the bill.  A bit overpriced for noodles yet still good.  I would not make a special trip to visit." "I had a simple meal of the tofu steak steamed and it was delicious! My friends ordered from the Italian food section. I was worried "This is a dusty (literally) little cafe. The pork and vegetable potstickers were yummy but served cold. The ramen with bbq pork was good but order it with ""more pork"" if you want more than 2 pieces of meat. The vegetable and tofu tempura was delicious in a broth. Service was not very good If you are a little impatient (or your date is) then it might be best to try somewhere a little less hectic. However if you don't mind sitting around a bit and chatting   they also serve Italian food.  Best chicken marsala I have ever had. And they have a great happy hour. Try the potstickers  white meat cutlet seasoned but not covered up by mounds of cheese and not over salted.  Husband had udon soup - tastey "Co-worker introduced me to this little gem today for lunch. To sum the service and food into one word would be AMAZING! A little bit of everything-fresh sushi Mostly its the atmosphere and the ""little known"" quality of the restaurant that is good.  The food is solid and pretty consistent.  The service is always pretty good."  Everyone I have introduce this place (and this is quite a few people) continue coming back over and over again. Best place for happy hour sushi weekdays from 3-6pm. If you don't like sushi no worries this place has you covered. Italian pasta dishes available. Suggestion: Try the spicy Tan Tan Ramen or the Yakisoba Noodles. Dessert is a MUST here. All desserts are made daily at the restaurant. I always get the Flan its creamy and caramel delicious!" They will make anything with rice noodles very friendly place. Love the decor." Parking lot gets packed FAST and I've always had to wait at least an hour to be seated." "I really enjoyed this place! Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. My husband and I tried the miso ramen with salmon and the seared ahi tuna appetizer. My husband loved his seared ahi. He recommends squeezing lemon on the ahi tuna. The miso ramen was really flavorful. It was a little salty but not to the point where I couldn't enjoy it. I was a little disappointed that they only put two slices of salmon in the ramen but there were plenty of veggies to make up for it. It was very filling.  They even give you bread to start out with. Overall Absolutely love this place! It's so cute and the food omg!  the chicken Marcella and chicken parmesan is delicious :-) don't get me started on the green tea! it's absolutely delicious and it's such a nice place to hang w. Some friends or go out on a date; maybe even take your fam. it's beautiful and the service is wonderful; all the employees make you feel comfortable. Very clean and decorated nice. Never disappoints me! definitely my favorite place in the entire world. :-) thank you cherry blossom!  so I went with that. Everyone at the table loved it - and the birthday girl was sufficiently surprised and got to bring half of it home. The cake wasn't cheap - but while I didn't check the dessert prices for individual slices - I am guessing it would have been close to the same to order six separate desserts. So - if you have a decent size group - it's well worth it to buy the cake in advance!"  but I will also order the udon and soba noodle soups as well.  My partner had the lunch bento  not so great service. Hakata noodles are delicious. Small restaurant "So far this is my favorite place to enjoy good ramen in Arizona. It was so good that I even took my mom here! (She is very hard to impress when it comes to food) She actually expected the ramen to taste like the Korean Shin Ramyum noodle packs. Surprisingly I will be back but refuse to sit in his section...EVER!"  but for once we didn't partake. Really great spot and very affordable too. I would definitely return next time I'm in Phoenix."  enjoy bantering with Kenny (He's the guy that sounds like Napoleon Dynamite!) I could eat here 3 times a week!! (and sometimes do!!)" Charsu Ramen soup is the best in the valley! Prices are affordable and there is a lot to choose from !" My favorite Sushi place. Especially great for first timers since they do have a broad menu outside of sushi. The ambiance is great as well. Perfect for dates or just passing time with friends. Our server was very fast and at first was sorta rough around the edges but he opened up to us and started talking about nerdy stuff bc he thought we were cosplayers. That actually lighten the tension a lot and things changed when we started joking around." I ordered the house white wine and 2 each of those rolls. PERFECT." "Went here for mothers day a couple of years back and was so happy at the diversity of menu options. My mother loved her Italian meal   the service was spectacular and our writer's unique character made our night. He even rushed our forgotten to-go drink as we got to our car. Yep.. our drink was the only thing worth taking to-go because we managed to eat all of the potstickers. Btw it tasted like a frozen brand  hot udon and champon. However..... this review is about their fruit cream cake my boyfriend  and I had about 2 weeks ago. I am not usually the dessert type  but we decided to ""go all out"" and order dessert and we were NOT disappointed. I am not sure if their desserts change daily but all I can say is that I dream about this cake. It is not  too sweet AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg  beautiful decorations and great staff. I've never been to an Italian/Japanese fusion restaurant and they definitely got the blend right. Our meals came with bread "This place has my FAVORITE dish on earth - the udon sukiyaki is honestly heavenly. It's a bit of the drive for me This is a quaint little neighborhood like place. The menu is unique and interesting. The asian food was fantastic! The pot stickers were very spicy and the noodle dishes are full of the best noodles i have ever had. Must go!  great but they were pretty busy! The food came out fast and it was pretty delicious. I love the Udon noodle soup and the shrimp tempura. It's kind of expensive but the food was really good so it was worth it. The lunch specials was still a little on the expensive side but my friend got a chicken katsu and it looked really good. I would come back again (:" "Amazing food and service. Sushi was fresh and dishes had so much flavor. Will definitely come back again. Came here because of yelp "I've been here probably 15 times. I usually order the beef udon dish. It's excellent! Their chicken parmesan is also so flavorful and impressive. The environment is quaint. Gives me a ""hole in the wall"" feel. This is my favorite noodle spot. Having been to Okinawa  good for vegetarians. The Nabiyaki Udon Noodle is very good. Shrimps in it are cooked well. We asked extra! Some waitress can remember the order by brain!" AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg  we got Fumihiko as our server. He is the most nicest & polite server that I've had. One of my favorite food to eat here is the Katsu-don pork bowl. It's very delicious "I like coming to CherryBlossom for the tan tan man Ramon.  It is a great price and I love the favor of it too.  Every time I come the service is great and they are alway really busy.  The restaurant is not all that big Located in a Small shopping center but very warm atmosphere inside."  just the right spice and meaty. Sooooo delicious! And the cinnamon crisps were so yummy. Fast service Been here 3 times now and the food has always been great but I have yet to have a polite server they all seem to be rude especially for being servers. But whenever I crave ramen this is my go to. 4 stars because service is bad." I am a fan of the Ramen and Tan Tan-Men is my favorite but it is very spicy I warn you. This place is an amazing hole in the wall with wonderful reviews for a reason. Everything I ordered was delicious from start to finish. It was also big portions for a great price.  and the food was fabulous! I had the tempura bowl for lunch. ot's rice with a little bit of teriyaki dressing Tl; dr: The Cherry Blossom Caf has not only taught me to love food "The worst place I have ever been too. I ate their sushi and their noodles and had bowel movement for a week straight and that was the first thing I had on that day. I passed out and end up in the hospital with food poisoning. This place is nasty  we did have to wait a bit to get seated despite it being slow but nothing else too concerning. I will be returning :)" Love this place! Definitely get one of their amazing soups! The Korean beef is also a great dish here.  noodle and ""pho-like.""  I got the salmon miso ramen soup.  It was fantastic.  I had them add some spinach to eat.  Very healthy and yummy.  I am telling everyone about this place."  shelter yourself under the friendly atmosphere of this noodle heaven.  You will be glad you did."  so it's very popular indeed.  The giant calamari salad is my new addiction. The service was friendly and enthusiastic.  Great place ... wish they would add a location in Sedona  For that reason I can't go back but I really had a nice experience." I recently came since people I know have been raving about this place for awhile. It certainly did not disappoint either. The ambiance is very authentic and mellow that seriously sets the mood when you eat. The place is a hidden gem among the crazy traffic that goes on Camelback and crazy parking with Oreganos restaurant filling up the spots aside. The food was amazing and this is my first time trying ramen from a restaurant. I had the gyoza as an appetizer and hakata ramen as my main plate. Both live up to the rave of this place and definitely will have me back soon enough. It's odd but both the Italian and the Japanese food is fantastic! They know noodles! If you r in the mood for Italian the salmon with spinach noodles is excellent! The beef Udon is delicious! The takana veggies are spicy and yummy! Also excellent is the dragon roll! They have a fun non-alcoholic drink menu good for the whole family!  even into the entryway! I was shocked to find as many mixed-cuisine items as I did. Seems as if interesting or authentic items were pushed aside in favor of more ""American-friendly"" options. Not only was the sushi mediocre  they're great for a quick lunch hr. They have a lot of different food options to choose from if you don't like fish."  and it's the first time ever I heard a waiter ask me to get a menu myself from the basket by the door."  not too fatty and addicting. Also enjoyed the katsu curry and it's really authentic."  but please do yourself a favor and don't have any expectations on the service (as otherwise you can be really disappointed). Their ramen is as good as what you will get across the ocean. But my favorite noodle is 'champon' which has seafood and veggies in a lighter broth (comparing to cha-su ramen). Despite it is a noodle cafe they have decent sushi too. And if you are here for lunch their lunch box is really filling and offers a variety of meat  go for lunch. The price matches the quality during that time." We had dinner tonight and tried several dishes . Their menu is huge . We were seated promptly we ride their sushi . The rice was a little hard. We ordered tempura. The vegetables were cut too thin and ended up overcooked.  The pad that had no flavor and the meat was way overcooked.  The ya kissable noodles had too much meat was  overcooked. We were seated by the door and had to tolerate the heat coming in.  but I do not think we'd go back again due to poor service." One of our friends tried to go with no reservations and they waited over 1 hour"  and the hot pots are perfectly seasoned and textured. At One meal we ordered the entire appetizer menu. We were impressed with every dish. Check and see if they have their special raspberry tort on the dessert menu." Absolutely delicious!!!!   Food was amazing.  Sake was great and the waiter was pretty prompt with everything.  It was small but very nice and comfy.   Definitely will return  would certainly go again" I went to this little gem for sushi. It was so delicious. I moved from SD to AZ and have been looking for a GOOD sushi place in the desert. I thought I was out of luck until I found this place. Happy hour has great prices. The ambience is so cute! I will definitely be back again! It is well worth my 30 minute drive there.  it turned out he wasn't our server. The server we did have was very polite and helpful. There were 4 of us there for lunch. Three of us got our food at the same time and the 4th person got her food as we were finishing our lunches. Not sure why the bento box took sooo long to make. I really enjoyed my Thai beef salad and would definitely return to have that giant salad again! Great flavor!"   the most recent time I've came here the service I received was absolutely horrid! What's even worst is I was so happy to show my friends this place I loved to eat at. The waiter we had was a tall white male with a naploenian dynamite blonde hair. He was so rude A great place for ramen.  The broth is very good.  The noodles are cooked perfectly.  I give it four stars only because I have yet to try other dishes.  As far as ramen goes five stars. Loved this place. Going back for sure. !!!! Nice and relaxing atmosphere. And lots of good food  but skipping the ramen noodles next time. The prices seemed reasonable for the quality and quantity of the food."  though neither of us was brave enough to order it." We will return to try other menu offerings soon!"  they offer an airy chocolate ganache cake that can't even be described I ordered the tan tan men and it was way too spicy - I can usually handle these things!! My waiter was really nice about it and brought me a bowl of miso broth to cool things down. I've had tan tan men in other ramen shops and they've all been really good I definitely recommend this restaurant.  Sometimes the wait will be long Delicious ramen the noodles are cooked perfect and the broth is very flavorful. We got seated right away and the service was great and very reasonably priced. If you want some tasty ramen this is the spot for you. "I have been here numerous times and each time I have had fantastic service and yummy food! I generally opt to go for lunch because I can order a roll as well as their tempura bowl at a reasonable cost since it falls during their Happy Hour. I usually end up spending around $17 which for a meal of sushi isn't too bad compared to some chic trendy places that can charge $15 for a roll and then another $15 for an entree. I tend to like to eat a little of everything so whoever goes with me is always more then willing to order a roll for themselves and we share half and half. It definitely fulfills my craving for some sushi! I have always liked the location The food are just OK. Ramen soup can be hotter... After 5-10mins it's actually kind of cold already. They need to hire more people because the place is busy & they only have 2 person as for reception & a server. It took 20-25mins for me to pay for my food. My favorite restaurant in Phoenix. The menu offers so many choices. For a tiny kitchen it is amazing the variety of dishes t b at come out. Service is great and the staff is consistent.  but I'll update this when I know. The atmosphere is very cozy- they really made the best of the space which I think was a fast food joint originally. Make time for the happy hour on weekdays for great deals. (Fun fact- they've won three Best of Phoenix awards)"  and it's terrific! Their regular menu as well as their happy hour menu is full of value and the taste is top notch. We will be repeat customers for as long as they're open." My husband is a recent immigrant from Japan and he was hoping to find a place where he could get a taste of home to satisfy his cravings. At least as far as ramen goes Im a server and i do not recommend this guy. Had him as a server twice and its been the same ol shit" "I'm so glad that Arizona has a ramen house. I was thinking about Japan and the idea to search ramen house came to mind. I'm so glad this was fairly close to where I live. I recommend coming here if you love Asian soups or noodle dishes I would skip the fusion and go for a real live Asian or Italian restaurant and skip this hybrid that should have been whacked by the family."  sushi is blah. The best thing they have is the pork katsudon. Definitely the best katsudon I've had. But everything else is mediocre. Service is always good. This place is always busy." Takata ramen is very good! Only place for good ramen in AZ. Service wasn't great though. "Very nice Japanese fusion. They serve Italian  dish too. I ordered the usual dishes  the different selections in noodles is spectacular! Not to mention the staff are super friendly! I come in at least once a month if not more. Make it a must eat place in central Phoenix!"  but with success has come some disappointments. The loud and rushed atmosphere has lead to less than spectacular service. The cooks also appear to get rushed and their dishes suffer. Take over the space next door and grow into the space that you deserve Cherry Blossom We ordered the calamari salad (yummy) and the sushi. We will be coming back for more!! I want to try other dishes as their specialty are noodles. And dessert!!"  reasonable prices and an extensive menu of various cuisines and noodles."  but I had their sushi which was fresh and on point. I also had cha shu ramen which was outstanding. Then finished up with the green tea red bean cake. Again outstanding not only will I be back I think this will be our last time eating at Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe while in Phoenix :("  then I hope it's from this place. Absolutely love their Cha-Shu Ramen. I've been coming to this place for quite some time and they never disappoint. Best place in town if you're looking for some Ramen or something else great to eat." Okay seriously I have to say this is my most favorite restaurant ever. EVER! Everything is perfect. The prices are amazing for what you get and the food is amazing. We had the Nigiri assortment and beef soup. Tempura shrimp as appetizer. It's my second time here and love this place. The service is awesome and the ambiance is my favorite part. Love love love this place. Definitely my favorite of all!!! One of my favorite restaurants. Yesterday was my first time eating authentic ramen and it was delicious! They also have wonderful sushi. I also tried their Chilled Spinach with Sesame Soy Sauce. Loved it.  Monday - Friday. An 8 piece California Roll was only $2!!! Beer is $3 and Wine is $4. I found it interesting that they serve Italian dishes as well so I asked my server where that came from. He said that in Japan Everything is made fresh and to order.  Best to go at slower times of the day so you don't have to wait for a table."  I wanted to try something different last night. I ended up ordering the chap chae appetizer which are these potato noodles and vegetables and that dish was delicious!! I loved it. And for my meal I don't think I'll be back...maybe for the dessert counter. I saw some other treats I wouldn't mind grabbing to go." The tantan men soup was spicy and delicious! My friend and I split the huge portion and an order of the Alaska rolls = also very good!  the service was really bad. The waiter had cleaned the table but there were about 5 other waiters/waitresses who would be able to assist me to sit me down. It wasn't busy. So I don't understand why it took so long. It took 10 mins to get my menus. And while I looked around for someone to ask for drinks no one walked towards the table they would just walk by. I also waited for the bill to be brought to me but I ended up having to walk up to the counter to pay because I waited so long."  when my cousin didn't finish her food the waiter thought she didn't like it so he gave us a slice of their strawberry shortcake and it was amazing! I definitely recommend this place One of my favorite restaurants in town. Love their sushi especially during happy hour. They're ramen is really good and I can say that proudly being a resident from Japan a while back ago. They also have Italian food which seems weird but I assure you it's really good. Those Mexican cooks can do it all lol!  tables were still full so I sat at the bar. I was seated quickly and had my order in front of me in less than 20 mins. Which was shocking due to the crowd. I ordered the curry chicken Katsu. It was DELICIOUS. Perfect curry flavor. My waiter was attentive but he did seem a bit annoyed by his manager or maybe it was just typical kitchen drama. Since I was sitting at the bar "The wait staff was rude. ""Only speaking on the lady that helped me"". I asked her about any specials  or what was popular & she just gave me the lunch & dinner menu's. She didn't offer me water or a drink  while waiting on my order I placed to go. I had the Ramon noodles with pork & the California roll lunch special. It was really good! And I definitely want to go back to try other menu options for sure! If the staff was more pleasant I would've giving them 5 stars." Amazing beef soup. Everything tastes great. Best thing I discovered was milky pepsi!! This little joint has an interesting combo of Asian and Italian food. The seafood noodle dish was amazing and they have really excellent flavored sake. Cant wait to try more of their menu :) I LOVE THE RAMEN!  I have yet to had better ramen anywhere else. Service is hit or miss.. But food is so good makes up for it every time. First time here & definitely will be the last. Ordered two different type of ramen both were horrendous. The staffs were unfriendly and gave off weird vibes. "Definitely coming back! We were seated quickly with a smile. Our waitress took our drink order before leaving us Spicy Korean Beef was tasty. I had a work lunch at this place and the group liked the food. Service was ok and it got pretty busy around 12:30. I'd go back if I'm in the area again.  soba with tempura and a couple of rolls.  All were very good.  The soba stood out as ""I must come back for this!""  I think the only miss was that the waitress didn't check in on us to see if we would have liked another drink before happy hour ended.  Parking can be kind of tight so I'd get here early if you can."  and well priced. The staff are friendly and the environment is quirky and eclectic. Take out is good as well!" "The Vegas roll and Philly rolls are both great. My friends thought their food was decent. We'd like to try it again but the server was bored. The four of us got there when they opened and we were greeted and seated immediately. After that we had to hunt down a server. For drinks "This is one of favorite authentic Japanese restaurants! I eat here at least twice a month and I absolutely love it! The atmosphere is cozy I ordered the Tan Tan noodles with vegetables. Not as spicy as the menu made it seem. The broth wasn't amazing & one of the guy waiters was rude & went out for like 3 smoke breaks the woke time we were there. The Koren BBQ was soooooo good! Kinda odd they sell italian and asian food. Id go back for the k bbq noodles.  believe us. You can tell it's also authentic as the people running the restaurant are actually Japanese (most Japanese restaurants in the valley are some kind of American/Japanese fusion which isn't authentic at all). Anyway I LOVE LOVE LOOOOOOOVE this restaurant! Me and my boyfriend decided to try something new for our anniversary so we found this place and have been frequenting here ever since. The service is always great the staff is friendly and the Sushi is the best in town!!! I'm not to into the noodle dishes personally but everything else is delicious! Definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves good food! I really liked this place. It has a mixture of noodle dishes and other Asian foods. The sukiyaki was excellent. Our party also tried ramen. I will come back again when I'm in town. "I came in for lunch - when I asked the waitress about a whether something was different between the lunch and dinner menus - she snatched our menus out of our hands and said ""forget it you don't know what you want get out.""?!  Maybe the food is fine but obvious problems with the service."  I guess the tl;dr is to eat at Cherryblossom at night and not during lunch time." Really good food in a non-chain cafe. Very reasonable prices and great variety on the menu. Went here with family from coastal areas and they were impressed with the seafood. Cozy and inviting environment.  and we found ourselves repeating ""oh I want to try that next time I come!"" Therefore  I got to sit at the bar which was totally awesome. The food is good. I got the beef iron cast and the curry beef udon. Both were delicious and came in big bowls. The only down side was the appetizer and how they put in our food. When I ordered  eating a lot of ramen in NY and N Cali so my expectations are very high. But I have to say that the ramen (and food in general) at Cherry Blossom is very good. Came in early and took advantage of happy hour for draft beer and appetizers ...gyoza and a caterpillar roll. Had their ramen which was pretty good. I spiced it up with some hot sauce and really increased the intensity. Phoenix suffers from a lack of good Asian good in general  and always delicious. This evening Josh was our server and he made it a 5 star experience. Josh was very friendly For the service. Cannot believe the male server is still there. I was astonished by his terrible service before and this time I was not disappointed. But by another server. Indifference and impatience are the words to describe them. The server neither explained the menu nor gave me any suggestion directly. I had to ask her several times for suggestion but did not get results." The only thing is to keep be mindful if you are waiting to get a seat don't disappear. They will move on to the next person if they can't find you." Always delicious.  The other night I had their mountain vegetables soup with tofu noodles.  It was delicious.  Also had Nasu-miso appetizer: eggplant and peppers with a sweetish miso sauce.  Really really good. Love this place! I eat here religiously since I work nearby and I love the Korean spicy beef.! It's amazing and always tastes great. Place is kind of small but I usually don't dine in and order take out. Definitely recommend if you love noodles We came here Christmas Eve with a whole passel of diet restrictions and Cherry Blossom came through with the best Pad Thai I've ever eaten.  Rice noodles and vegetables with seafood were also excellent.  Eat here. "The beef udon suki is the best here and it's my to go dish every time I come here. I live in chandler but will drive all the way here just to eat this dish. The broth is so flavorful and every time you take a bite of the beef  which was fabulous by the way! I will not be returning any time soon to Noodle Cafe We probably expected too much after seeing so many crowds. Would try them again... maybe something from the Korean side of the menu?" "I was a bit skeptical about this place. Coming from Korea town in California it's hard to find a really good noodle place. However this noodle place is like no other. They serve Italian dishes as well. It's like an Asian Italian fusion restaurant. Pretty weird I suggest trying some of the other offerings at the restaurant. I think the mixed reviews for the restaurant has to do with the mixed quality in the dishes. Hopefully the restaurant will revamp some of their dishes so we all leave happy. :)"  I love the sushi and the ramen especially! The place is very affordable as well. The staff is friendly for the most part but they do get quite busy. When it's busy sometimes the server won't check on the table for a significant amount of time. Food-wise this place is a must but they should strive to have better service." "This place is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix! I love the cute quaint atmosphere and their delicious food! Their tantan-men Ramen is the best! It's a little bit spicy The service was very good and staff very warm. I loved being greeted with a big bouquet of fresh flowers upon entry. I will be back and bring a friend!" And Daniel is lucky I didn't chew his dumbass out for the way he talked to me. And he's even luckier I won't be going back."  ordered the hot Thai beef salad OMG what a load of yummy goodness. Prices are just right  and I've just never found anything I went crazy for.  My favorite thing is probably the Gyozas.  My dude likes the noodle soups a lot though!  I used to have issues with the service They had some yummy desserts as well. Overall it was a good visit and I'm looking forward to going there again." Definitely a must visit if you're looking for good food at a good price Very delicious place to eat. But did hate that we had to wait forever to be seated while people behind us got seated before us. Then server that we had she was amazing. Food very delious I loved the sushi! But their RAMEN - unbeatable.  By far the best in the Phoenix metropolitan area." Don't forget to go next door and treat yourself to SNOH for dessert! It's the best thing ever... Literally ever." Parking sucks. Food is good if u have right server. Waiting time to get to a table is long and waiting time to get to food is long. I loved food but stop going there. Very small restaurant not good for a group Now we order take out which still takes a while to get. Our last visit  humble eatery with delicious food and a friendly staff. If you live near Phenoix  Cherryblossom delivers when it comes to good o noodle dishes. They even serve pasta which I've ever tried. The ambiance is cozy and cute and service is quick for sure I HIGHLY recommend that you add this cafe to your list of places to eat. Come with an empty stomach  I saw her neglect multiple people upfront who were waiting to put their names on a wait list since she thought it was better to let the area get so crowded waiters couldn't get through. She eventually started a list but didn't put for names of the people who she said she would remember that were already waiting. As you would suspect Cherry blossom is one of the best kept secrets in Arizona and can't go wrong no matter what you get." I am not happy with the customer service at all. The food is mediocre and not worth coming back!" Not recommended by this Asian."  that the waitstaff was very attentive and got our food fairly quickly   I can't give a fair assessment on this restaurant because I had eaten prior to meeting friends at this restaurant.  If I am ever at Phoenix again  udon to chicken Parmesan and Italian favorites. Had the ramen and several rolls of sushi and all was delicious with fantastic service--Italian next time!"  only had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. Unlike those others who reviewed about bad customer service It's a busy place as it should be. The food is awesome and the service is pretty good too. Their hakata Ramen is my favorite soup and their sushi is basic but good. It has a very nice cozy atmosphere that people I've taken there have adored.  the ebi chili (upon waitress recommendation) and the shimeji mushroom and bay scallops pasta. The best was definitely the pasta and pan fried gyoza. Cherry blossom noodle cafe has a well deserved reputation for having amazing noodles. Our least favorite was the ebi chili. We thought that for 6 dollars the ebi chili was not as good as it should have been (especially if an employee recommended it). The sauce tasted almost like ketchup and the ebi itself was bland. The waitress did disappear for a little bit and it took longer for our pasta to come out because of a ""mix up"". Overall a good food experience (still craving the bread)."  a little something for everyone.  Cherryblossom is almost always busy.  We've often had to park on the side street in the neighborhood.  Do yourself a favor and visit soon!"  thai).  Cute and quaint atmosphere too!  But I've been there several times and the wait is always CRAZY and the time quote they give never matches the time I actually wait. I am going to try to go off hours from now on.  If you go Everything here is delicious! Pad Thai with shrimp!  Good amount of shrimp too. Great customer service! Very good food. Fist time we stopped here. The daily special was very good. Very small dining room but it's ok. The server was very nice and helpful with the menu. "I came here for some ramen and I was pleasantly surprised. I got a side of tempura with my bowl of ramen and I definitely enjoyed that! I recommend doing that if you guys go here. The place had a longer than normal wait Had a great lunch  bento box was very good our  service was also good would definitely recommend it "I love the Udon lunch special with the California rolls! Affordable and delicious! Will definitely recommend to my friends.. Also  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to family or friends!" Will definitely be back. Great job restaurant owner!" I'd still stop by if I do have a craving for Katsudon." To bad since the reviews are pretty good." "Literally my favorite Japanese spot. The waiter I always see on Sundays is great..they have a wide variety of Japanese food including Italian food (per noodles)... sushi Pretty pretty good food... From the start to end.. The complimentary bread was soft n delicious!! I enjoyed every single dish! The sushi was very fresh and I fell in love with it... I can wait to return!! This place is amazing! Really good sushi and the calamari salad is the best I've ever had. Get there by 6pm and you'll be able to enjoy it on happy hour! Amazing restaurant with great prices and atmosphere. I really enjoyed it and so did my family. Service was quick and friendly. I will return next time I am in town. I have never been less than delighted by anything I have tried here. The food is delicious and the staff is great! The food is the real deal. I'm never going back there again :/"  my son and his dad in because I had a smoothie in my hand. Pretty much ruined our entire day will never be returning and I used to love this place."  I really like the people who work here and the food is as good as I've had in japan (but without having to struggle ordering in japanese lol). I make it a point to come here every time I go to Arizona." "I've been coming here for 20 years and they never disappoint!! My favorite is the TanTanmen ramen. It's the best and I am never disappointed. Restaurants always have their off days Not very impressive from the outside but don't be fooled walk in and sit down and prepare to be mind blown I had the Korean spicy beef and the milky green tea and I even had a slice of the green tea cake everything was delicious. Even the appetizers were good freshly battered tempura veggies and meats I will be coming back for sure  I had to personally ask for a to-go box and ask for our check because we had been sitting there for awhile now. Unfortunately  but the service is average at best.  TanTan-men is hearty and delicious while the Shrimp-shooma (sp) as an app is very tasty." I crave this place! It's amazing and anything you order you'll be happy with :) The clay pot beef noodles are incredible and the spicy wonton soup are to die for!  Sushi is delicious and clean and totally worth your time!! "The items on the menu were a hit and miss it seems like from the things my table ordered - from katsu-don to their Vongole. Some of our food was good while others were subpar and bland. I ordered the Vongole and while the clams were good Very amazing meal as always the waitresses made a very amazing recommendation on the menu  and they weren't closed for the holiday so I tried something new. If you are searching for a more authentic less foodie bowl of noodles this is your spot. The Gyoza were excellent as well." "Our group decided to dine here after a friend recommended.  There were about 7 of us and we arrived during their happy hour.  So we stocked up on trying various items and we were not disappointed.  The selection is really good and all if it well prepared and tastes great.  The service was really good & fast considering the placed being packed.  This is a small location  every plate that passed in front of me looked freaking delicious. This is not an upscale place  customers shouldn't have to wait 10 min just to place beverage order. By the time a server comes to the table we are always ready to place whole order."  and parking can suck here when it is busy." AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg Have dined here  many times however getting sick of the bad service long wait for food I walked out last time after an hour wait for my meal and this time  credit card machine went down and had to run and get cash to pay... Absolutely love this place! The bread basket is a nice touch.  My husband and i always go for sushi and are never disappointed! This place was really good! I ordered the ramen and it was amazing! All of my friends loved their food and my friend is Vegan and they had plenty of options for her! My only issue was customer service seemed a bit short with us and like they just wanted us in and out. I will definitely be back for the food though!  beyond just removing meat from the dish.  They also have a decent number of Sake based adult beverages  it's just a drive for us so I can't come here as often as I like.. The parking is small so good luck in finding parking when it gets busy.." I had been to Cherryblossom a few times many years ago and enjoyed it but it was never really in my path so I hadn't gone back. Today I got the chance to go again and it was as good if not better than I remember. I have been trying to take it easy on carbs so noodles aren't generally the smartest idea. I also tend to go for Asian noodles when I'm out since I'm so picky about Italian anyplace but home. I saw on the menu that they offered low-carb tofu noodles and got it with the chicken parmesan. Also tasted some of the ramen and had some calamari. Everything was excellent including our server and it really hit the spot after going a while without any kind of pasta/noodle. I think I'll start making them a more regular stop." "Not sure if it's the food. Lately I get a stomach upset after I leave the restaurant. Food is tasty and affordable but not sure of the quality. Have had the vongole The plaza is small and its hard to find parking but it's worth it."  chicken pad Thai and Cajun shrimp with smoked mozzarella. Will be back many times!"  I am sure the owners are great because  when I go in for pick up its all good I was a bit skeptical given the Asian and Italian combo but everyone said this place was great and they weren't wrong. We got the seafood iron pot and the spicy beef noodles and both were awesome. We will definitely go back and will recommend it to others. It helps that it's next to Snoh too. Favorite spot that never let's me down. It's so damn good every single time I come here. I don't care how long the wait is - it's worth it!  customers shouldn't have to wait 10 min just to place beverage order. By the time a server comes to the table we are always ready to place whole order."  and spicy Korean beef (not very spicy at all but you can add hot sauce). The fried pork belly had an amazing glaze sauce!" This place has probably the best Ramen noodle soup you will ever have. The food is authentic and fabulous. "I grew up in Hawaii and lived in Japan for almost 10 years.  I have been around Japanese food pretty much my whole life.  Cherryblossom is def cherry 