The entire building also has severe electrical problems that causes all lights to be replaced twice a month. No permanent fixes are made to existing units  odds are that you will regret it." "Rocco and Vivian have truly been a graceful pair to my roommate and I for the past year. We lived right on Fifth avenue and Bellefonte and found no reason to complain aside from the neighbor's dog downstairs. The few mishaps that happened within the apt ( a broken lock While looking for a rental after relocating Rockwel was extremely helpful and courteous.  They were very responsive and accommodating with the right deadline my wife and I were under.  They were willing to go above and beyond to get the place prepped in time. Couldn't recommend them more.  and one of the owners threatened saying that we were in default of our lease agreement for not keeping our apartment as clean as when it had been leased to us. Dealing with Rocco and Elisabeth is nice  and in working order and are pleasant Definately one of the more frustrating things to happen to me during my relocation I have lived in a townhouse that Motheral owns for the past year and a half or so. Linda (the property manager who just retired - thank GOD) is the worst! At first she was nice to us and was prompt with repairs and getting back to us - but towards the end of our lease she became extremely difficult to work with and wouldn't stop bothering us even after she had retired. Honestly she needs to get a life and stop bothering the tenants who are no longer her responsibility!! The only reason I gave them 2 stars is because the new property manager seems incredibly nice and I don't want to totally deter everyone just because of Linda who was a bad seed. It's sad because this location is one of the best in Shadyside to live - but God forbid you ask for reasonableness when it comes to certain issues.  and they told us it doesn't matter cuz summer is over and it's still not be repaired now. Linda is a quite arrogant woman with bad attitude. Always come without prior notice and leave our doors open. Not recommend."  and was referred to motheral apartments by a friend who currently goes to school in pittsburgh and leases from motheral. I just has a tour of a few places and The leasing agent patty was fantastic  and I wish I could find a company like Franklin West here.  They sent my security deposit refund quickly and set the bar really high for my future renting endeavors."  they send some delinquent account to a credit agency (they still owe me my security deposit) I was completely misled by them when I was in the market for an apartment but I know better now." Ps- If you do go into their leasing office you will see one of the employees' dog roaming around Basically a group of lawyers who understand how to use archaic Pittsburgh laws to screw over students. Ridiculous policies and move out fees. Their auto renewing leases are  set in as traps Justin and Maureen are the only Franklin West employees that were always courteous." I really wish I would have looked at these reviews before choosing to rent with Franklin west. Please take all of these negative reviews seriously because they are valid. They really do try to impress you when looking at the properties and they do have nice properties. As soon as you're in a lease the courtesy ends. They do everything they can to charge you extra fees. The management is horrible and never understanding. I know what a process apartment hunting can be but please look elsewhere. Only downside was the building was old and occasionally had plumbing problems - water went off a couple times for about a day.  However Read more: http:  www.apartmentratings.com rate PA-Pittsburgh-Kamin-Realty-Corporation-1643760.html#ixzz2RU5PJE81"  I am glad things didn't work out since they seemed like they would be horrible landlords."  but the receptionist needs to attend a few sessions of customer service training and general etiquette courses." Just ask around Pittsburgh. Most people know of this company and the first thing out of their mouths are: ""Please tell me you're not renting from those slum-lords.""." Atch-Mont is solid. Been renting with them for 4 months. They are easy to work with and fixed things very quickly when reported.  but he did not give me all the deposit back...saying that he payed somebody to clean it(bulshit). And he charged me  for taking off some portraits off the wall that i left there...but he did not do that cause i still can see the portraits  from east ohio street (layer)...the worst unprofessional real estat company..."  I took it.  For the last three months I've worked AND lived here and I love it."  especially considering the careless and rude attitude of the building manager."  the microwave doesn't work and they told me to only use liquid dishwasher detergent as the ""fix"" to the dishwasher problems. I could go on. I moved out here from DC Needless to say I booked my reception there - I can work around the rules."  I would not stay at the Pennsylvanian again." -$$$$ Everything must be brought in from the outside. Tables "We've been living in the apartments for 8 months now and we love it here. It's a really convenient location to all the neighborhoods  freeway access bus stops. The free breakfast (fruit This is not a BAD place to live. However please keep these things in mind when you are influenced by the pretty exterior. Not a lot of money resources have gone into maintaining the insides." In fact due to our experiences I'd steer clear of even buying a property they've listed or using them to as sellers agents. One employee actual told my wife and I that she doesn't check her email but every few weeks."  I was able to smoothly close on the house and become a homeowner."  as I have had a great experience working with a buyer's agent and a mortgage broker from the Squirrel Hill office."  they get it done within 24 hours. The radiator heat is almost too strong. They're very courteous about letting us know when they need to get in the apartment. And to top it off  Mozart actually *prefers* that you call them for maintenance issues and not let problems fester." Read more: http:  www.apartmentratings.com rate PA-Pittsburgh-Mozart-Management-1020286.html#ixzz0bwwaLXMg" Also fyi - don't bother calilng the emergency number b c they'll either tell you there's nothing wrong or not show up at all.  This happened twice to me so far within a two week time frame." My wife and I are very disappointed with Mozart management."  and the realtor thanked me profusely for having a such a nice set-up that it made it so much easier to rent than the ""messy"" units...I'm guessing places with TWO dirty pots in the sink." PS the maintenance staff are fabulous and deserve 5 stars! I hope they aren't treated as bad as the tenants."  is the application process. Do NOT apply unless you are 100% certain you are going to take the apartment because you do not get all the deposit money back if you don't take it!"  I'd say that for the past two years Mozart has been an adequate acceptable management company  they would fix it right away. One time a guy even came around 11pm. The rental office is very nice. They are also lenient on late payments as well as long as you have been paying on time most of the time. I was late three days one time and they did not charge me a fee for it. The highland park building (parklane) is very new and has safe and beautiful surroundings Buildings anywhere in Pittsburgh." After making calls for several months we were finally given our deposit back. Do yourself a favor and do  not take any house they have to offer." Cons: Rent.... goes up every year to almost a ridiculous amount. I live in a studio and without utilities besides water and heat) it's over 600. However: I get this is a business and anything money related Mozart is a stickler on. Still: if they did some rent control... they could keep some really good clients. Sometimes I think that gets forgotten.  I'll have to leave next year I used my apartment as essentially a storage unit until my lease expired."  and the guy assured me that they would have someone come over. No one ever came. I called 2-3 more times before giving up and going back to my mum's house. The following day I s w the property manager who was very kind and helpful- agreed to reimburse me for 3 days worth of rent while they treated my apartment If you want to feel like a stranger in your own apartment NOT worth your money. Find a better management who doesn't take your money and piss on you. I never write reviews  and response. Hopefully nobody else gets dinged. Cant wait to move on. Have pictures with time stamp  but I figured any place that difficult to work with when I was trying to give them money would be even more frustrating once I was contacting them for things like maintenance requests. I wouldn't say ""never ever rent from them"" TL:DR Value for apartment is not great considering all of the other b.s."  Mozart management is definitely the worst of the worst managers out there. All they care for is your money. They do not give you any notice when they are showing your place and expect you to open the door despite having no notice.  One time Read more: http:  www.apartmentratings.com rate PA-Pittsburgh-Mozart-Management-1020286.html#ixzz0bwwaLXMg" "One of the worst mgmt companies i have ever dealt with.  The policies in their building are obviously very outdated but they refuse to make themselves better to serve their clients.  As long as they can wipe their hands clean  and stormed into my kitchen. Ridiculous. I started ranting as soon as they left the room. This is totally invasive and disrespectful. I didn't read their lease very carefully when I moved in and I totally regret it (they shoved it to me and told me everything must be signed by the end of the day Be sure to read all of the lease before signing. They have all the information in their leases."  I'm very happy that I moved out. If you are thinking about living there Absolutely horrible. My sink has been overflowing onto my countertops and ruining my belongings multiple times. Management did not even apologize for my inconvenience. Do you think Mozart Management should be able to continue to take advantage of students with low-income?  If not  I would have given a higher number of stars. If you're looking for a safe apartment where maintenance concerns will be addressed promptly I don't know. Like I said... great until you go to leave. It was a dissapointing final experience with this company. Just a few things to consider." Overall the rent keeps going up every year and their service just getting worse."  and they can say whatever you would like to hear but they never do anything in their service. They do not try to help you fix problem  so I'm giving them two stars.  But I would never recommend them or ever in my right mind deal with them again." An additional positive: they did shovel the snow up to our doorstop." NEVER AGAIN WILL I RENT FROM THIS COMPANY."  but some of my envelopes that appeared like they had valuable things inside were sliced open" - I haven't got my deposit back yet and I have moved out for two weeks!" - Chuck the driver for the shuttle is cool."  but the response to repair work is amazing." I don't think this management company is honest or responsible at all!"  the management office at Walnut Capital worked with me very patiently to take care of all follow up business as I relocated twice before all final business was taken care of."  we were charged cleaning fees which we did not expect. On the flip side  unhelpful and unprofessional.  The agents do not listen to budget or move-in dates."  or ebay or target....""Hello Ms. Smith here is your dildo you purchased and your rent is late"" and is located too far away...the gabage is strange located a 1 4 mile away and if your are any closer it stinks in the summer and you have to hear the compacter at night...no closet space...they seem to sub out the water bill Great place for Euro disco parties all night  and Asian massages though my wife and I love to watch the German dudes pick up hookers at the yacht club every weekend." Do yourself a favor and look around don't get stuck here hating life and the nasty euro trash residents. it is just way too expensive to live like in a trailer park." "The place has one of the best locations in the Suburbs. Set right along the river and Pittsburgh's largest Marina make the summers here great. Sure the train tracks are close and the buildings are under renovation THERE IS NOTHING GOOD ABOUT THIS PLACE ONLY BAD..  too expensive bad staff things break and you are out of luck." Do your homework first with these people or you will be SORRY."  lose the appreciation and respect. they do not help the residents about the bills.The boss very bad woman and she prefers to give the residents fines. secondary   but the catch is you can't use a teller.  If you use a teller you get charged $8.95 for the month.  I don't like the idea of this account either but it's hard to close all our BOA accounts with a branch so convenient to home.  At least I shouldn't have to worry about interacting with anyone in this branch from now on since I don't believe their services are worth $8.95 per month."  and a little bit of snow causes them to close on a Friday. If they are calling for snow you had better get everything you need from this bank before a flake falls. Dunkin' Donuts was open and all of the stores around this bank were open. This is the first time I've ever known of a bank closing because of the little bit of snow. Especially on a FRIDAY"  especially if you are a light sleeper. The units are nice and well kept. The negative for me was that it felt like a college campus My biggest complaint is that the hallways are pretty drab (like a back stairwell)  I contacted my old leasing office and they told me it was 'not in their hands'. After walking through the apartment there were no issues and ONE MONTH later they told us they needed to re-place the carpet. Completely unacceptable. I plan on deferring as many people as possible from experiencing such a terrible situation" This place was by far the worst place I've ever lived. I could go on for pages. The only reason I gave this place 1 star "I've lived here for four years and this place is in a VERY steady decline. The property is poorly maintained -- trash EVERYWHERE from cigarette butts to beer cans and vomit (True story -- I went to get on the elevator one morning and it opened up to what appeared to be a Pollock-inspired vomit masterpiece). Every Sunday this place looks like a post-rage frat house. Security is very low on the totem pole for property managers as gates are always broken and wide open and cars are constantly broken into. (Don't complain though  Mingle offers a wide range of classes and convenience & flexible hours. Instructors are great and make the class fun (or as fun as can be). The Realtor Store is on site Just finished the course...failed it...and probably 80 percent of the class some were in it for the second time...you sign papers that entitle them not to pass you unless you get an 80 on the final...most folks failed...classes very fast paced...would not recommend.  and continuing education classes with Sandy Williams. She is a great and knowledgeable instructor!!! Make sure you read the book word for word and listen to her. She has an awesome powerpoint presentation."  reviews which should really be called the truth serum reviews. I'll leave my personal experience out of this one.. . I will say....don't sign the contract!" Mingle is the worst!!! over 80% of the class failed the final.  Do not waste your money.  They dont go over the math which is a big part of the test.  The instructor just reads the book and highlights.  Then you have to pay to retake the course.  The class is less than two months long and you really do need the three months that other schools offer (CPCC) and it is only $180. (half the price of Mingle)....  ""Broker Relationships & Responsibilities"" with a 92! Instructors Jon Hines and Dana Rhodes are excellent teachers making the course both interactive and informative with real work experience. Both have a wealth of knowledge in the business and entertaining humor that make the course material enjoyable! After taking Pre-licensing at CPCC and not making the cut  I love the layout of the two bedroom I live in and the details of the renovation package in my unit. The Edge is so close to North Davidson Street and Plaza Midwood with easy access to 85 and 77. The other residents always have a smile and something friendly to say. Happy to call it home!"  and I'm able to enjoy the luxury for a great price. The staff in the office is extremely friendly and they enjoy helping me if I'm in need. This is an overall pretty good place to call home."  especially for the area! We are 8 minutes from the epicenter and less than a mile from the bars in NoDa. Plaza mid wood is also right around the corner and UNCC university area is only 15 minutes away! The complex is wicked dog friendly and even has a dog park! There is also a workout room and pool which I can't wait to use this summer! The staff in the office are great and accommodating to every request we've had. They have gone above and beyond their call of duty. I have to give a special shoutout to Danielle in the office. She has made sure we are happy with every aspect and makes living there even better. If you're looking for a place Seriously. Check this place out. This area is only going to grow and you better get in here while you can. Cavalier Management is seriously a company that is for their residents and is not a money gobbling mega-management company." Apartment look a whole lot better." Prepare for the worst when you move over there ."  you can still view this. these links will either be clickable  give Carla a call. She has been in Charlotte for years and years and knows a lot about the area and trends. In addition  but frustrated and angry. I jumped at the property as soon as possible. This is not the way to treat potential customers and just people in general. Rude and unprofessional!! I now know not to even bother with this company if I'm truly interested in a property." Not pleased at all with their professionalism. There are many other companies in town--next time I'll stay clear of Allen Tate.  it's nice to know that folks inside this bank are getting the job done." "Is it me or does the customer service suck?  I've worked as a bank teller before and we always did what we could to expediate the lines and cater to the customers.  This place seems like the opposite.  I've waited on line for 15 minutes when there were three people in front of me.  I'm sorry A walk up ATM is located at the front for 24hr access as well as a drive thru ATM.  I've never seen anyone use the teller windows (drive through)  walk up atm and a full banking center inside. I did my address update in person here and they were very efficient and professional."  and horrible maintenance this complex is falling apart and not being repaired.  The tennis court fencing and net are torn apart and the office's solution is to push a large garbage can in front of the hole in the fence.  Come by and see for yourself.  It's been like this for the last 6 months.  The manager and the assistant manager are nice enough  but by the resources the property company provides.  Many times I have seen members of the staff go above and beyond to do what they can for the residents with what they had.   I would also like to point out that even though the complex has an ample amount of children as residents (I have one as well) this is the quietest apartment complex I have ever seen.  So my evaluation for the community I really enjoyed living at Elements. The entire maintenance staff is superb. Although the apartments are aging the community is extremely quiet and you can't beat the area. Minus those 2 issues it's a nice place to live  but everything is falling apart. When you need maintenance they take weeks to come over. The neighbors at 10117 are rude and selfish. The lady above my cousin complains about every single thing. How about you leave your apartment once in a while and maybe you won't be so damn worried about what everyone else does. The leasing office is racist. They listen to everything people say about our apartment but when they come to check its proof we are within our lease agreement but still want to give us a nasty attitude. They have gardeners come in at 8am on weekends and weekdays when people are still sleeping and make a huge mess of things. The dog park trash stays completely full all the time (probably one of the nastiest features). I would never recommend living here. EVER. Rude staff  so getting to the highway doesn't take much time at all.  It's also really close to good shopping centers.  And to cap off my review  and things started going downhill.  Then the property was purchased by Fairfield.  Things went from okay to a little worse to absolutely horrible. Since the property was bought maybe 6 months ago  my payments to have that maintained is probably spent else where. The walls and ceilings are crap and look crap with the layers of paint over the problem areas. Band-aid approach to fixing things. Every month it is a new issue. They do not send out notices when complex wide issues fixes will be happening. It really just is a crap place to live. Better options for 900+ a month and crappy service." "I've been living at Oakbrook since December 2014 and have had a very pleasant experience living here!!  The staff is great and very responsive if any issues come up.  Moving from out of state to Charlotte with two small children was very stressful for my wife and I  this apartment complex is a good place to live  be let out of the lease or have the issue repaired have been met with disdain or dismissed by the property manager. He continues to say the repairs have been sent out for bid. TEN MONTHS LATER the bedroom is still flooding every time it rains. Furniture and box springs have been damaged or destroyed including a shelf my friend's grandfather made that can never be replaced. The manager is unwilling to even take money off the rent to compensate for missed time from work and damages. Several days per month my friend is unable to use his apartment and or bedroom due to flooding  their maintenance guys are f;in creepy!!! I hated the fact these guys actually had a key to my apt. And I'd come home randomly and find them there for no apparent reason."  very helpful. Great deals at the end of month. Most apartments have recently been renovated. Diverse community. Great workout center."  my apartment was never renovated. The maintenance guys were always very nice and fixed repairs in a timely manner Don't move here this place is horrible! The only thing it has going for it is that it looks pretty... There is something always wrong with the apartment. I would not ever recommend this place to anyone! The worst apartment I've ever lived in! I've only been here 2 months and I'm miserable. If you are thinking of renting here DON'T! The apartment staff has been rude and have harasses us 5 times in 2 months! They have also entered out apartment on two separate occasions without our consent. If you are considering living here I highly encourage you to look elsewhere. "I moved here in Aug. found these apts in a hurry. HUGH MISTAKE!!!! They have ""lost my security deposit""!!!!! Say they never received it "I judged these ladies to quickly! They have been nothing but great!!!! Very quiet  well-situated apartment doesn't seem to be enough to make up for a staff that can't be bothered to provide reliable service to its tenants. I would not recommend Alexander Place Apartments to anyone It's exhausting dealing with the management team here. No one seems to be communication for efficiency. Full of excuses. I've lived in many apartments before and this one is the worst." PS- my neighbors apartment was flooded and all the management did was put a fan in their apartment ... There also is a 3 year old that lives there  short.  Don't move here." No way will they get away with this. Do not rent from these Losers! How do they sleep at night" "I went to visit this place to see if it should be considered as a prospective place to rent. Bad decision. As soon as I was taking the tour of the property a huge huge waterbug was spotted in the model. I could only imagine what the other apartments looked like that were being lived in if a huge waterbug was seen in the model. Omg! I'm terrified of those things. So the lady showing me the model picks it up with a prop inside of the model FIRST OF ALL..... these apartments are NOT IN BALLANTYNE!!!!  This place has changed dramatically since I first moved in. It used to be quiet and peaceful. The genius who decided to design some of the apartments to where their bedroom is literally in the hallway of the building....Smh. I can hear EVERY...SINGLE...CONVERSATION that goes on in the hallway. You complain about noisy neighbors...they won't do anything about them. I have called the police multiple times on neighbors fighting I NOW HAVE ROACHES AND MY APARTMENT HAS ALREADY BEEN SPRAYED ONCE. I'M BEYOND DISGUSTED." It appears that cortland is reinvesting in this property in landscaping. My previous review was premature.  Tom "This place was awful since MOVING DAY. We go into sign the lease and they give us news that our three bedroom renovated apartment isn't ready . Of course. So they move us into a two bedroom for a week. Once we finally move into the apartment we were supposed to have the toilets didn't flush Nice place to live and good friendly moving staff. quick closing service request. Need a little more of customer service..But otherwise everything is super good :) will reccomend with no problem!!! :) Ask for Florie she's the best..  Thank you!! "Affordable and newly renovated. We really liked our Leasing Consultant Mike Reed he is very kind "I would like to share my story for any current residents or anyone looking to move here. On September 18 2015 I put in a maintenance request for a leaking toilet at approximately 1:30. At about 3:00 pm I left my apartment and left my MacBook Pro on my bed in my room. When I returned to my apartment the doors were locked the way I left them with no signs of forced entry. There was a note from the maintence staff saying they had come to my apartment to inspect the toilet and would return the next day for repair. The next morning I realized my mac book pro was no where in my apartment. I immediately notified the staff and was told the manager would be notified. Today  2015 I CALLED AGAIN and told them AGAIN (leak by the washer and A C not working) the lady stated she would give it to someone to come fix. So finally I come home and I see a note outside my door I get so happy but as I read it SMH the note read "" the A C compressor broke down will be back Monday to install a new one sorry :) "" do you know how unacceptable and disrespectful that is!!! It's FRIDAY and your telling me I have to wait til MONDAY??? this is the worst experience ever. Mind you I never call for nothing they can check my records this is the FIRST time I ever had a maintenance issue. I UNDERSTAND they might have to order a compressor to install it HOWEVER if SOMEONE would of came the FIRST time I called I would of had A C already!!!!!" kQKSoGfPKF-VuDmn6Bdr6w  you would've thought the police lived here how often they were in and out."  especially to a first floor unit. You hear everything your upstairs neighbor does especially if they are obnoxiously loud(obviously). The side walls seem to work alright but anytime someone walks by your window you can hear footsteps. We have problems with a loud neighbor and they don't have any real solutions. We can't wait till our lease is up! Oh and if you own a decent car don't park it here IF YOU MOVE TO THIS COMPLEX YOUR WASTING YOUR MONEY AND TIME EVEN THOUGH THEY HAVE NICE RATES."  you will need all the help and patience you can get working with an incompetent manager." "I lived here for over 2yrs and I absolutely loved it. I never had any major issues. It was quiet..the only time you would hear any noise would be during the summertime..the children outside playing during the day. The staff are all very friendly and professional C_4HdHj5CHO3QoqnyJpgHg I'M NOT EXAGGERATING AT ALL!!" I really enjoyed living here."  everything is close! They also have some of the biggest two bedrooms around. Very quiet area no problems with the neighbors what else could you ask for! I have referred 3 people to live here and they love it so far! They also have a big pool party in the summer and all the kids and family's came out "Well sadly the saying is true...you get what you pay for..which the price is why we chose this apartment and we regret it everyday. Started off moving into a mold infested unit where the bathroom and closest was covered in mold. They came in to fix it and with them being so great at what they do (sarcasm).. They left saying it was taken care of only to walk into my closet to find the worst of it there..completely unprofessional and unsafe..then we move on to the countless roaches we have had..big and small almost every day. You can't walk into a room in the dark without being afraid of running into one. Oh and if that's not enough to keep you from making a huge mistake by living here Do not do business with them!! They increase the rent every year. For the area and the condition of their apartments you can do way better. Management never helped me for the whole year I lived there. A rip off of you ask me." This is the worst place I have ever lived in all my years ! The front office staff is a joke ! I have lived here a year exactly and am moving as quick as I can. My upstairs neighbor got a dog and didn't notify front office and has at least 10 noise complaints the dog cries non stop for over a month straight and the office takes a neutral stance saying here just mediators I have contact animal control as hey told me too and still to this day the dog cries and scratches the door all day long. They called the neighbor and he told them that he wasn't paying pet deposit and they accepted that. Doomed my lady and myself to a crying dog all day and they say there just mediators and can't enforce anything!!? Who exactly is supposed to enforce the pet and noise policy ? THE OFFICE !! Then when it came to renewing lease time they say they left a notice and I never received that notice. They never called or did anything professional to let me know what my lease renewal would be. If your looking for housing that you want to enjoy do NOT move here ! They tell me the dog barking my word is vs the neighbors!! No walk your lazy selfs to the building and listen it's unbelievably loud that not he say she say! It's a fact !! But they are to lazy to enforce any rule regardless of other tenants well being. I will be filing a BBB complaint as well against this terrible management company! They denied a different unit when we requested one because of the noise.......the apartment there self are decent big square footage and cheap but this is definitely a get what you pay for! to sum it up STAY AWAY do not move to waterford sq. Only good part of these apartments was the kind maintenance man who lived on the property. He came and helped me when no one would have came. He is greatly appreciated."  loud and they are not good at informing you of things. Ultimately you will get screwed over."  our air is constantly kept on 62 degrees because it's broken and our wash machine doesn't work. We've requested work orders 2 weeks ago and still nothing has been done. DO NOT MOVE HERE."  all-brink.... there is a lot of highway noise coming from 485 though.... I didn't go inside one unit "My boyfriend and I decided to look for an apartment and Pavilion Crossings was the one we ended up picking. We moved here a couple months ago and we still enjoy it. The location is great because it's close to the UNCC campus and much better priced than those ridiculous student housing complexes filled with frat and sorority parties.  The staff is great and friendly and maintenance service is quick. The tennis courts and pool are also great. The only thing I don't like is the gym. It is sort of small and the treadmills are always broken down. Parking can be hectic sometimes when you arrive late at night  my crib.. Very peachy spot lol.. Until the kids decide they wanna play tennis and football at 11pm Would not recommend to a friend. Or even an enemy." To Pavillion: I hope you enjoy the $75 you received to sell my ""claim"" over to the collection agency but you lost some great tenants. We paid everything in time and punctual with all of our payments. But we will not stand to be ripped off by you." "Horrible place to live. My air conditioning broke down a total of FOUR times my stay here. Maintenance takes days to fix it! If you go to the office  great staff. Nice pool and fitness center." Clean apartments. Scheduled activities for residents a couple of times monthly.  Sometimes feels like a retirement community because of the large amount of elderly residents. Rules are anti-family at times. So many rules and regulations here. 2.  Not well lit at night in some areas"  which is very close to our unit. It's always clean and there is a place for a picnic grilling little party  and relaxing with family. The management of the apartments is always helpful and address all of our needs fast. The location of the apartments is the best. There is a great shopping area and the farmer's stand right across the street "I really wish I could rate the complex individually.  The maintenance team is absolutely awesome!  They have been so great about getting my few requests taken care of and they are very nice.  Our neighbors have been pretty cool TWSxpbPBGD5FLRSFWjH0EQ My advise..... Stop apologizing and fix the problem!!!!" It could be worse I guess. I could live next to a crack house."  and they've consistently panned the place.  It has also been in the news from time to time due to shootings I would hope that any decent person is able to stay clear of this apartment complex!"  you should too is the basic office view when you complain about it. there was one point where i had packing tape around the cracks in the door frame that enters into our apartment because the hallway would fill up with smoke so bad." Sometimes the receptionists don't come off as the brightest bulbs in the box  I almost stayed for a second year.  I would definitely recommend living with Roland."  including a key fob to the building that is just a general electronic fob to the building. For some reason they charged me for the key fob after I moved out. When I called them to return the fob and get my money back "We have had a very positive experience with Roland; more specifically with Kurt. We needed some special attention to our lease situation and Kurt was extremely fair and helpful. In fact  new appliance. You can pay the rent online and submit work orders online. The office guys are very nice and helpful. I would rent from them again in a heartbeat." Never renting with them again... I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT!" I would say steer clear of these landlords." "By far the worst service I have ever had in my life. Miscommunications with this management company led me to a situation in which I was living out of my car for several months while attending U of I. I have worked in the service industry since high school and understand that sometimes Yelp is a place that people use to lash out on people and businesses based on a negative encounter that may not reflect the business in an accurate way. However  bad landlord even by the abominable Champaign standards."  who considers it reasonable to charge you for making phone calls to ask about the process. It is unfortunate that there are companies in this town that don't care about service Staff is not friendly. But otherwise the apartment on 5th and Springfield was clean  the worst landlord I have dealt with. No repair for at least several weeks if there is an emergency so I had to stay with my friend for a few days... But that's not the worst part. They start to show your apartment 2 or 3 month right after you sign the lease(If you don't believe me  I highly recommend it :-)  All the while reaffirming the useful message that anyone in their right mind should stay away."  the employees were very helpful and accomodating to my apartment preferences. Most of the apartments are in okay shape  make sure you go in monthly and ask for a bill of EXACTLY you are being charged for.  I personally have had miscellaneous charges that have been as high as $600 on my bill that was for no reason what-so-ever.  I do not recommend renting from U group at all.  There are much better apartments  the maintenance department is professional and quickly attend to your maintenance requests." "University Group took money out of my apartment complex's safety deposits to install screened balcony doors that were never there. It took several phone calls and an in-person meeting to get my money back. They wouldn't even entertain the notion of their wrongdoing until I slapped pictures in front of their face. They were extremely rude when my roommate and I called them. I understand they get a flood of calls during safety deposit season Maintenance is TERRIBLE! It takes a good month-2 months for them to even get back to you. The leasing manager is terribly rude and the staff is clueless!!!! There's one male employee who works in the office who ALWAYS reeks of beer. AVOID! AVOID!! Did I mention this apartment is $513 a month not including utilities??? I also filed a report with the U of I housing department to try and discourage other students from ever renting with them. I highly recommend any other company (I've lived with both Bankier and Roland before  they deduct 230 dollars for cleaning. While I spent 2 days on cleaning it when moved out. I could challenge them to show even little sign of dirt. These realtors act like dictators. I moved 3 miles away from the school and am super happy with current management."  and I scrubbed it from top to bottom and it was immaculate.   They still kept $233 dollars for ""general cleaning"" and ""carpet cleaning"" before reimbursing the rest of the security deposit.  My guess is they do this for all unit just to make more money or to cover the lost revenue on their empty units (they have hundreds around campus) as I can't imagine anyone rents from them a second year.  Speaking of that NEVER RENT THEIR APARTMENT! They do not care tenants at ALL. It's suffering living in their apartment year round.  I think university group is much better at maintenance services." The worst. We were out of hot water two separate times during our 12 month lease and it took at least five days to get it fixed. The apartment was dirty when we moved in. Just a bad experience all around. Don't rent from them if you have a choice! The positive reviews here are jokes  a raccoon came to our living place a day ago. We tried really hard to keep it away."  I will never ever live with UG for my rest few years in Champaign!!"  and reps try to sell you on falsely representative units. You get a lot of space for your money  the security deposit situation sums up any relations with Barr: you get screwed."  leasing agents and maintenance men are always coming into your apartment to show it. One time I was resting in my bedroom and a maintenance man came into my apartment without knocking! And then today  but we were charged for them to be cleaned. That is outrageous and appalling. They even charged for items to be cleaned that were not included in our 'things to clean before move out' list. I would have cleaned it had I known I was supposed to." https://picasaweb.google.com/110253500433385469135/510SMattisApt107MoveOutPictures?authuser=0&feat=directlink"  one of the better large management companies on campus. People might know this because their apartments fill up fast.  Consequently there is usually no room for negotiation with these guys.  I will consider them for future apartments."  we pushed the office several times and they came up with several excuses. There was even a crack in the wall  JSM? Why are you doing construction in our units WHILE we are living here? Couldn't you have waited until a break and not impose yourself upon exams and busy schedules? Where are we supposed to sleep and eat and live if there's paint and sawdust everywhere and nowhere to walk? What are you supposed to do as a resident if you have severe dust allergies? It feels like I'm living in the Dust Bowl. I can't stop coughing and my nose burns. I read about you guys pulling this trick in the Tenant Union records  we found dirty carpet at move in) and a $60.00 maintenance charge to change the lock on the front door.   I'm sure they paid someone way less than $275.00 to clean an empty apartment!  Contrast with Tower at 3rd for a $40.00 move-out carpet cleaning."  it's clear that they never vacuum or clean the carpet.  I am very upset with not getting a full security deposit refund even after being an easy to work with and clean tenant." Who does long construction while people are living there? Where are we supposed to go? JSM staggered the floors so that there is perpetual construction for a semester. That's just not right." BzmMwgLV32zeQPwNaUUbtg  I put in countless requests for pest control as the roaches were swarming my unit. JSM has not responded to a single one. It is now the summer and they have yet to respond"  construction-free building. I'd rather live somewhere with a dirty laundry room if it means I won't be booted out of my actual unit nor have to go through the grueling process of destroying egg sacs and cold-treating and spraying and plastic bagging appliances and squishing and sweeping roaches and plucking them out of my bed."  IL.  Everything was ok after move in although the furnishings were dated and quite worn.  Considering it was college living we let a lot of things slide.  I was a bit disappointed at the cleanliness of the elevators and common areas as there were often broken beer bottles and garbage strewn about in the hallways and atrium.  Upon moving out and doing much of the cleaning ourselves to assure we'd receive the majority of our security deposit back ended up not being the case.  Although the cleaning check list was very extensive and honestly quite ridiculous we spent several hours tackling a great portion of the list.  Much to my surprise we were charged for the majority of the cleaning that we performed along with carpet cleaning and furniture cleaning (the same worn out couch we met at move in).  The real kicker was they charged us $75 for a fob and the rekeying of the front door  there were some SERIOUS mold on walls and carpet was disgusting. The apartment itself was disgusting'!! I fell sick the first week. Not to mention the place is infested with spiders! They do renovations in the apt in the middle of the semester which is UNACCEPTABLE they call themselves a ""convenience"" for students because they are near the university but they are not convenient AT ALL especially to move a student during mid semester while exams are going on! Not to mention  live  at one of their apartments. The maintenance staff is actually very nice and gets things done in a timely manner. The management office staff members are extremely rude and inefficient with their duties. Never do they apologize for something they had clearly done wrong- such as By far the worst place I ever loved at in my life. Do not live with them. They do not care at all about you. If they want to do construction they will do construction and by construction I mean 7am weekdays  and on Saturdays. If you want to be able to study and sleep on campus I advise you to live with another company. Do yourself a huge favor and look elsewhere. Not worth it."  he rented out the apartment without even informing us that he would do it.  What happened? I have to find a new apartment with little notice.  He wouldn't give any reason as to why he rented out the apartment without giving us the opportunity to renew the lease.  Shady landlord.  Don't do it."  my apartment got flooded so badly and they just put some heater to dry the carpet as it is the carpet was so old and the apartment is so overpriced and maintained so poorly. please do yourself a favour and look somewhere else. Such a bad place and such bad management . Have lived in apartment in so many states and they are the worst." I have to this point had a very good experience."  I went somewhere else but when I toured it was one of the worst experiences I have ever had. The girl who toured me left me alone in the office for 20 minutes to fill out my own information while she ate lunch and watched tv on her computer. When I told her what I was looking for she said they were full and she couldn't show me anything. I practically had to beg her to look at the place. While the apartments were ok  this property is privately owned and managed - that would be fine if it wasn't for the fact that they do not comply with professional standards. Rather than replace or upgrade broken / faulty interiors  but they still towed him. Apparently you are supposed to have guests park outside of the complex after hours. Personally I think this is a problem. They pretty much told me that's too bad and brushed it off." They do need to figure a better guest parking configuration but other than that it was great experience." The office staff couldn't be better or more helpful. I thank my lucky stars I'm here!" The area isn't bad and the entire place is gated. However last month i had a homeless man knock on my door around 2am asking for a cigarette. About 2-3 months into our lease there was apparently a break in. I bring this up because The Met DOES NOT have any security guards on the premise. As much money as people spend on these apartments you'd think they would hire a security guard to walk around at night to prevent things like this from happening. I feel like this would also curb the patio parties and the vomiting on people's front doors. They told us at signing that if there are issues with noisy neighbors to either ask them to turn it down to call the police. You shouldnt have to police the complex for them." Friendly tellers small waiting time.  and will continue to complain to every organization we can until this is rectified. I have been abused by this organization quite enough The makes for a very poor operation that is sorely lacking in efficiency or any semblance of personalized service. Unfortunately my employer banks with Bank of America so while I'd like to say ""See you later"" if they actually ever get around to closing my account and sending me my money  I reached a girl who told me only the phone support number could start this process. Explained to her that several agents had told me the branch had to start this process and ask to be introduced during a transfer to someone who could help. Guess what? I was just sent to the start of the 800 menu again. Was not able to reach anybody after another 10 calls Emma needs a new attitude! She comes off rude and she is a bitch! Worst customer service ever! She should be fired! I'm here with a family member who opened an account here a week ago and now finds his account 'locked' - with all of his funds unavailable for eight days. Having spent more than one hour in the downtown branch he's on the phone getting shifted between people trying to find someone who can help. Can anyone cut they the red tape? Apparently not. Welcome to impersonal banking at its lowest. This place is such a CLOWN SHOW.  but the lack of knowledge and respect for customers tops it off. Strongly recommend Chase. Steer clear of this BOA location and the institution all together."  they followed through and did everything they could to accommodate us. This will be the next place I try to live if the timing is right. The grounds and staff were amazing." The only reason I gave them 4 in stead of 5 stars is because of a minor problem that exists. The walls between units are thin. Even with quiet neighbors I can hear loud conversations  after they nickeled and dimed my security deposit  rude new front office staff and that the total cost to rent is getting pretty high  nice and always make me feel important no matter how trivial the issue may be. The apartment was so clean when I moved in I could not believe it. I have not lived in an apartment for 10 years and I want to thank Arcadia Cove for making my living experience very enjoyable. Very safe I later found out the unit above was housing 5 people although only 1 was on the lease - meaning no other adult had been background checked  for a criminal history. As a woman living alone I became more concerned. I pushed harder for them to take action and in turn manager Pam offered to ""let"" me break my lease at no charge - she tried to push me out instead of dealing with the real issue. I pointed out that is MEB wanted to break the lease they would be legally obligated to abide by their terms just the same and that they wouldn't be doing ME the favor by trying to force me to leave and pay to try and move again. She relented and 5 months later the neighbors above me finally moved" Also - DO NOT read their website reviews - they only put up reviews that recommend the complex and completely disregard all others." My lease is up in July and I am counting down the days until I can get out of there and never have to deal with these people again." "I wanted to come back on yelp and give a great thanks to all of the staff at Arcadia Cove..I quite literally have been a pain..lol. I just moved from one unit to another that is renovated and there were some issues..following my move in write up Pam Outstanding staff and beautiful complex  you should run as far as you can away from Arcadia Cove Apartment. No one should EVER experience this type of humiliation at any residence in America and Arcadia Cove Apartments (MEB management services) have crossed the line this time."  but if your renter is telling you ahead of time they'll miss the rent and hasn't had a problem for three years  apartment condition and amenities. If you are looking for a nice apartment  with a roommate. I don't think it's worth paying $900+/month for a one bedroom at this place. After I signed the lease  the complex is nestled away from the street and the whole place feels like its own little world. The grounds are absolutely wonderful with beautiful flowering plants all over the place and it has two pools "Wonderful location in a up and coming part of Phoenix. Right in the middle of great restaurants  there are much cheaper options in the area Great place. Beautiful area.  which speaks volumes to their lack of loyalty to their tenants. The rent will go up every time the lease is up. That is a promise to you. The maintenance workers were hit or miss. Certain ones would just simply say their hands were tied on certain issues I had like how my a few times a week my apartment would smell like sewage due to their pipes. My AC unit was incredibly old too The staff at Arcadia Cove was great.  They kept us update on our process and paperwork.  They were friendly and outgoing.  The move in process was easy and they were excited to help us with everything.  So far living here has been a great experience especially from my last apartment.  they continued to ash and drop their butts all over the stairs and entry way. I finally had to say something when I came home to find TONS of butts right outside my door and my dog tried to eat all of them. I kindly asked them to clean up the the entry way and to stop smoking outside my door - which they respected. They were very apologetic and kind so I can't knock on them   hands down. Working with Carolyn throughout the leasing process was great  quality and attractive enough a young professional wanted to invite her friends over and show off her first real place! Maintenance is quick to respond and friendly. I mentioned my air conditioning control unit was low on battery over the weekend  well maintained by the maitenance crew. The office staff are very professional and always friendly. Carolyn is a sweetheart  the apartment manager has gone out of her way to make sure that I am in a place that I feel safe in. She has offered to transfer me to a different property with no penalty to break my lease. I understand that some of what I find wrong with these apartments are out of managements control and more or less show what is wrong with parents today.***" htkDJW_dcMhVyHdBr3esdg  management  and maintenance hardly ever responds to a problem and the apartments are way too small thank god after this month getting the hell out of this dump I'll NEVER EVER rent here again too many out of control kids that are a menace also supposed to be a locked facility ISNT and laundry here is a joke too expensive and not worth the price for all this shit rent should be 300 not 700 something bad naborhood shootings robbery etc"  you literally have to call everyday for them to take you serious and fix the problem. My fridge was out for 3 months before they decide to fix it... Save your time and money. Fountain Oaks is not worth it." "Ive read all comments about Fountain Oaks before I decided to start my lease. I was greeted by both a man AND a lady by the name of Liz. I was offered water right away and promptly given all info asked about. The price gor a 2bed/ 1 bath is not bad.. I feel a little off about individual mini A/C units on all rooms The laundry room is always in deplorable conditions. No one cleans up after themselves even though there's a garbage can 2 feet away Solid unit at a great price - bottom line"  I feel the location of these condos is fabulous! Located right on the border of Tempe and Phoenix; and Scottsdale is less than 5 minutes away.  Papago Park is right across the street for nice scenery  apparently she was sleeping but her living room was a mess! The fire department told me it wasn't safe to stay in my apartment that night. I knew by this time I wasn't going to get any sleep nor work tomorrow. Frank FINALLY came with some big vaccum and basically tried to blame her for the problem and vaccumed her apartment. I asked him to call the manager Joyce and he basically WOULDN'T! We then decided that we will stay at a hotel until tomorrow which is what we did. The next day she basically tried to refuse to give me another apartment saying that we needed to wait til ours was fixed again "If there was a zero star option I would choose that instead. Such a shame! New management is clueless! I've lived here for 3 years now and absolutely loved it until new management took over! Giant pest problems I'd say stay away from this place!!"  but at the end of the day they could care less if your car is broken into or if the grounds look nice or if your apartment is taken care of. They only care about that rent check being dropped in their mail on the 1st. Avoid the bullshit and find a nicer This for sure is my last lease.  It can't come fast enough.  If I'm able to save up enough money  I loved it. If this apartment was located elsewhere it would have been a dream! There are things you have to weigh  while I'm still paying rent for this apartment. In doing so they threw away the belongings I had in the apartment including clothes & towels. Not only had they entered to ""clean"" the apartment once but TWICE! After the first incident I went up to the office and they said ""oh we're not sure if someone has been in your apartment"". Huh?? So silly me I thought that there was NO WAY they would make the mistake of coming back prematurely again after I just went to complain...WRONG! They entered the apartment again without my permission the following week and again threw away my belongings. This time I went to the management office and one girl was trying to contact maintenance to get to the bottom of this. Then out of nowhere here comes the head manager not saying hi & even asking me what happened; she immediately goes on the defensive and says her guys weren't in my apartment and that I need to file a police report because apparently someone must've broken into my apartment. I proceeded to ask her who would break into an apartment lock the door afterwards and CLEAN IT UP??? After she realized she was making no sense she refused talk or help me anymore and said there was nothing they could do. The funny part is I could hear the head maintenance guy in the other lady's office saying ""yeah I went in there the other day because I thought it was vacant...but once I saw some clothes I just moved the blinds over and walked out."" So they were clearly lying to me at the leasing office to cover their own butts. I was highly disappointed in this complex because it is such a beautiful complex but don't be fooled like I was...don't move here! Not to mention they're overpriced."  and one will be moving here in the next month.  Hopefully they won't raise my rent too much when my lease is up Anyone who is looking for a place that has a good management run complex DO NOT GO HERE! The staff is very rude."  and now I am a resident. I have a 2 bdrm for a great price. The property is well kept and the staff is always helpful and friendly They fixed the light on the side of the building where the vehicles were broken into. Parking garages are not available on the north side of the complex I can't WAIT until this lease is up." "I was pretty shocked at the low score people gave to Courtney Village. I guess it's a place for them to vent or maybe I'm just really lucky? I've been here about six months and it couldn't be better! The staff is very friendly and I enjoy the office being open 7 days a week to pick up packages or work service requests. The landscaping is done at least once every two weeks and the pool area is cleaned daily with trash cans emptied and chairs reorganized. I really like the dog park and bags you can find at nearly every corner and I've only run into one empty once- that's impressive! I had an issue with my disposal Issuing noise complaints gets you no where. There are elephants upstairs! I know we are close to the zoo "I have lived here for over a year. I actually lived here back in 2008 also and decided to move back due of the good experience. I have. It had a problem. The staff is very nice and made sure all my maintenance requests were taken care of. Overall good experience. I gave them a 4 just because parking can be horrible Office staff are the nicest (sarcasm). Oversized dogs roam the apartments along their droppings. Watch your step!  the cops left the gate open on multiple occasions. The stairwell is extremely noisy. Excellent apartment itself but you have to get aps for electric and I'm a pretty energy efficient and my bill was never under $70. There were tons of water bugs that would come up daily in the pipes. My AC went out often although they were quick to fix it. Parking I would not recommend this place unless they fix some of the major issues listed above. Happy apartment hunting!"  at first.  Then the front office staff was replaced and the quality of people that started to move in changed. We have seen Courtney Village change over the last three years for the worse and I cannot wait for our lease to be up.  I have had many conversations with my husband about even leaving before our lease is up due to how bad it has gotten.  I think today may have been the last straw when I witnessed people having sex in the pool right outside of the office at 10:30am!!  Trash and broken glass all over Check it out and see for yourself." I'm not sure why there are so many negative reviews for this complex. I've lived here a month and have nothing to say that would deter a potential new resident. I like my apartment and feel comfortable here!"  as the months past I can't wait for our 15 month lease to end. Over summer we had a cockroach infestation. I don't know what happened because our apartment had no bugs! Then they seriously took over. No matter how much I clean they come back. It's disgusting when you're trying to cook and cockroaches are climbing from behind the stove. They did bomb the building which helped for about 3 days. The gates are ALWAYS broken  we already have a loss of moving into this place. The gates are not secure anyone can piggy back off someone else coming in.  If we could get out of thr lease at this time we would but we are stuck here for 13 months."  safe community. The trash service comes with the lease and it is clearly stated in the lease when you sign so I don't know why other Yelpers are complaining about the $25 fee. Apartments definitely feel cozy and spacious. Our electric isn't crazy either (SRP) as the apartment seems to have excellent insulation. Noise can be heard outside because the community is so quiet. I would recommend my friends to live here. However I plan to buy a house next year so I will miss Courtney Village when that time comes." I've been living here a year now and I have no complaints. The management is awesome and friendly. It's quiet and attractive. The only thing I have a slight problem with is the pigeons. They're everywhere. Took a while for me to get them to stop sleeping in my porch and I still need to figure out how to clean their mess. If these things are things that you can look past for the price of rent try wrapping your head around suctioning 3 baby roaches from your sons nose because he can't breathe. This is a second floor apartment mind you  they came and it's still not fixed. Our garbage bins overflow and half the time someone is parked in my spot. Their parking is funky too. They have our spot COMPLETELY on the opposite side of the complex. I DO NOT recommend this place and we will be leaving as soon as the lease is up." Overall I think I've seen these gates work a total of like 3 weeks in the last year.  They broke as they always do and haven't been fixed in months so someone finally comes to fix it and both sides of the gate are running at different times and speeds.   By the end of that first day both sets of gates are broken and not moving at all again.  Nothing new here." I have to say I'm very disappointed in how this place has not lived up to what it was when I first moved in. They have the funds to make a new wall for the office parking area but it's been months since both gates have worked. Garbage stays on the grounds for days. The water goes off without warning. The plug for my microwave pops its circuit breaker. The plug for my bedroom lamp turns on by itself. There's no getting rid of the pigeons on my balcony where they make an awful mess.  The sidewalk and stairs too. The buildings are old and the upstairs heat up something awful. I've seen a few roaches in the last year. I know they're not because of me. I'll renew for now but they give me only one day to take their best offer. What if I was away for work? I really hate moving but I will if things don't improve especially since I'm getting less than what I came in for and paying more rent. For this higher rate I'm pretty sure I can find something better. SMH This place was so good the first year. What happened? Your neighbors will break the rules in the lease agreement at every turn. They invite parties of several people to the pool and blast music all day (and night) long. Screaming kids at the pool after midnight got old real quick. I very regularly see children under the age of I'm guessing 12 at the pool unsupervised with no adults to be found." "Management is horrible and my apartment was broken into and burglarized. If you can afford to move somewhere else I'll say this... Nothing would make me happier than to see these buildings condemned."  one excuse after another as to why the gate hasn't worked in months. The staff used to wear nice uniforms and be helpful and friendly. Now they choose what ever time to go to lunch so when you go to the office in the hot sun Same complaints by different people." So pretty and such a great staff. The maintenance is awesome and large laundry facility. Very clean Indiana back again. Last posted 12/2015 complained about living with ROACHES -  still complaining about living with ROACHES 7 months later. This place is absolutely awful. Can't wait to put the ROACH MOTEL in my rear view mirror. Don't make the mistake that I did.  probably the rudest apartment manager i have ever encountered with. then on top of that there are alot of break ins in this location. my window ended up getting broke one night by i dont know who. i complained to manager but she told me it was nothing she could do. the apartments dont have any cameras! the gates of this ""gated apartments"" dont even even close during most nights so what is the point of the gate? gun shots are heard all through the night and apartments got shot one night  BUT...all the tenants that are backed up to this area use it for their dogs personal toilet! We had a second story view of all these people walking their dogs and NOT picking up the feces afterwards. We'd go for daily walks and play ""dodge the doodoo"". Soo we finally found our dream home and had a full month to move out and clean the apartment. We have excellent credit so our deposit was only $200. but it was OUR $200. We left that place in excellent condition. The living room carpet may have needed a little cleaning near the sliding door Staff/ownership - when you visit front desk to ask questions or report a problem  defensive and rude.   Maintenance problems take forever to get fixed.  Parking spaces are to small and you can bet your car is going to get dinged once or twice.   Complex if not clean.   Gates don't close at night so anyone can come and go.  Complex really noisy as well.   I would not recommend this place to anyone." The handy man Is cool though  set in a convenient location and many of the complaints I've read about these apartments seem rather antiquated. I've had no problems with the leasing office and no problems with the actual apartment." I would recommend this complex to anyone on a budget who is looking for good value." DdlhLZe_QSLwMih_vW1_fg Needless to say...don't rent here."  and it's within walking distance to Nu Town and Honey Bears! We've never experienced any issues. The only thing I would caution you on is moving out- it seems they always have to charge you for something after move out- regardless of how well you clean before you leave. Also  people up front are retarded new hires that have no idea what they are doing. Apartment are all different so there is no flat rate Nice community overall. Did I mention it has 6 pools? :)"  and that had to be turned in 30 days in advance. Even after we raised a fuss about this I got an email ""reminder"" that the lease was almost up and asking if I would be renewing. They are currently trying to charge me for an extra month even though we were completely moved out three weeks before the end of our lease." HUD would love for all resident complaints to come to them I am so sick of this place! The view of Papago and the golf course is gorgeous but I will be getting the hell out of here as soon as this lease is up! Do NOT do it to yourself!! Horrible horrible property management!!!"  etc.  They are totally hit or miss whether or not they even answer when you call.  Maintenance took FOREVER to go through.  Luckily we never had any major repairs.  Literally half our building was unoccupied by the time we moved out.  Tells you alot about how people felt." Do not rent here. Staff in the front office is horribly rude. They don't care about their residents at all. "I don't know why people are giving such bad reviews. It's a very nice complex. They take pride in it looking beautiful.  I personally love how quiet it is there. Everyone respects the quiet hours Gotta love when you call the office to ask a question and they act like your interrupting their day! Glad we moved out! Awful awful awful place to live." "If I could give this 0 stars I would. I have lived here for 2 years now and cannot believe the terrible service that they provide to their residents. I have had to ask multiple times for the closet in my guest room to be fixed (it is now broken again because they didn't fix it properly the first time. They never admit that they missed something the first time and I had the same problem with the guest toilet. Their website for paying rent is terrible. Why would I only want to pay for the utilities instead of the entire bill? Thanks to their system that doesn't understand what ""full amount"" means I have not lived here long but so far I am loving it. Although it is not completely updated (you get what you pay for) it is very livable. In my 2 months living here I have filed 3 maintenance request ( all for move in problems ie. tearing floors while moving furniture) and they have been attended to ASAP with no issues. The staff has been extremely helpful and friendly. Riesa was a great resource and helped us with everything upon move in! The location is great and we have easy access to everything we need. Occasionally I can hear the neighbors but for the most part it is pretty quiet for an apartment. It is a safe community and has a lot of amenities at your disposal since everything is open 24/7. We signed a 1 year lease but ideally we will live here much longer!  this is the spot for you. If you plan on getting quality for your money and having people care about your needs I used to love this place  but now I change my mind.  CRAZY ANNOYING RACING IN THE PARKING LOT AND MOTORCYLEs being revved up at 5:30am...the units are nice and there are some great neighbors but it's always a few bad neighbors. Great apattments and fixed the issue I have....... Its alright.....................................................................................................................  I put in an order for pest control and it took another week for them to come out and spray..after the spray they didn't tell me that I had a cockroaches in my pipes! They came a 2nd time and sprayed and told me I needed a 3rd spray the next week!! I had to move all of my stuff out to do the roach spray I do have one complaint however...the woman on the after hours phone line is so rude. Like seriously  and Joel and Kyle from maintenance are timely and professional and just nice to talk to. I would recommend this property to anyone and everyone." The only thing I have a small gripe about is the convenience store that was supposed to be opening in our complex next to the car wash port.  That would be super  and we did find a new apartment home-- at one of the sister properties of Red Mountain Villas. Thank you MfqEPdcw0UYVdDoV3p77tQ I enjoyed my time here. Very rewarding being in Papago Park and in a quiet neighborhood close to really anything." I read an earlier comment about another resident having the impression of them not wanting to retain tenants. Why would they want to coerce me into a shorter lease? Perhaps Red Mountain Villas is an excellent community in every facet; I totally love it here and couldn't recommend it higher" "I wish there was a no star rating! Every time we needed something fixed they would come and do a half ass job in fixing it or never even fix it! We lived there almost the full year without a dishwasher because they never would fix it! They are old apartments and are falling apart! And when you end your lease I would really recommend taking pictures and not getting the carpets cleaned your self! I've seen other reviews about them not wanting to give back the 300 deposit! We cleaned the apartment spotless and got the carpets cleaned and they are still charging us for it all! I would definitely recommend somewhere else! When we were trying to get our money back in the deposit the guy kept saying ""it's not that much money"" which is bs!"  the maintenance guys have passed by me at least 15-20 times but not one of them has offered to lift a hand to help. One even parked his golf cart right behind my car and has walked back and forth to the office 3 times but has not even tried to ask if I needed assistance. He just drove away! Wow! Way to go guys. Great job helping me out."  the staff seems to pretty much say anything to get you to sign a lease. We were told that we could pay more each month to get another assigned parking space: not true. They try to sell Papago Park like we have this exclusive access to the park...there is a gate that has a trail  and they were fairly quick to respond to service requests. When having guests over it can be very difficult to find parking as there are very few unassigned uncovered spots. I have no major complaints except for the fact they will nickel and dime you for EVERY little thing when you move out. Don't expect to get your deposit back."  one time the sink wouldn't drain and we had stinky water just sitting there for 3 days and they didn't care. The dishwasher broke twice. The AC unit was pouring water and sopping wet drywall onto the floor each time it finished running. They took 2 weeks to fix it and the patch job is a joke. It looks like it might fall out of the ceiling any second. The washing machine leaks each time you use it; about an inch of water. The toilet water wreaks of urine no matter how often we clean the bowl or put the cakes in the tank. We have to put the plug in the sink when we leave for a few days because the drains smell so bad here. Oh and the insulation in these old buildings means your apartment never stays cool. I stayed with a friend a few weeks in her unit before getting my own "My boyfriend was going to move in here. He signed the papers to hold a unit and put down a security deposit. No one told him about the policy and basically scammed him and wouldn't give him the deposit back  If I could rate in the negatives I would. Just moved in about a month ago-- found bed bugs (definitely not from my stuff) and the leasing office/ exterminator have been twisting mine & my roommates arm. Been two weeks and nothing has been done. Needless to say-- lease is being terminated and we are moving out. Absolutely a joke. If you live here/ plan to live here-- move out or find a different place to live before you have similar issues. They have the exterminator come out every Tuesday-- so they CLEARLY have issues they want the residents to pay for. "This place sucks a$@ no one should have to be subjected to the harassment of the management and the employee/token Mexican who is steady trying to win employee of the second by trying to enforce rules that no one abides by! My suggestion is to sleep in your car  I found another place to stay and checked out of this dump after only one week." "Beware of a residential property being represented by Osselaer. They slow with inquiries and paperwork and will nitpick you on move out with a good amount of fees. Seriously I would give them 1 star but have been happy that Karen typically returns my call within 24 hours." "I own a property managed by the Osselaer for a little over a year now. I have had problems with my landscaping and have addressed my property manager for the sweetwater vista's as well as a letter to their president. The result? Nothing. It is like I am a joke to them. Their policy? As long as you send in your quarterly check they can go on ignoring you and downsize your simple requests. I am really..how hard is it to trim some bush's and turn on water trips. Sure I do not mind doing those things  yet they continued to send to that address.  Finally I got a letter from an attorney's office stating that there was a lien on my house due to unpaid sewer and HOA dues.  What morons I WOULD STRONGLY RECOMMEND AVOIDING THIS COMPANY AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  hopefully I don't get shot at.  I don't understand why this management company does not take responsibility and continues to not enforce the CC&Rs.  For nine years they kept sending me warnings about my garbage containers being exposed on my yard and a few weed warnings which was not true I will never again buy a property with management by Osselaer. this has left such a  bad taste in my mouth that I  will probably avoid a sudivision under any HOA"  high prices and a bad attitude at every level of the company. The solution is to work with your board or to get elected to your board and fix the problems yourself. If you permit a lousy vendor to make your life unhappy  nit picky thing and then when you go to pay online guess what? They ding you again with another 10 dollar online payment fee! And god forbid they would have a phone payment option. Update your technology and your slow unhelpful staff. Stay away from this company." I have a home in Osselaer managed subdivision the neighbor next-door has two cars that have not moved in more than three years and the management company refuses to help our neighborhood take some action. I believe we all move into management companies with the belief that they will help protect our home value.  In my opinion this company does not care about our home values.  I personally was sent a letter by an attorney that represented Osselaer saying in very stern language to not contact the management company about these cars anymore and to only contact the attorney herself. Very weak management company in my opinion. Read more: http://www.apartmentratings.com/rate/AZ-Phoenix-The-Heritage-867679.html#ixzz0X3kkAfRC"  bird and rattle from your neighbors doors closing shut. i would not recommend this place unless you can deal with the blackouts If I could give this place no stars at all  trash people are loud.  Stuff going on every day that makes this place horribly loud.  No peace and quite.  Overpriced for the level they provide." I can go on but I will stop here. :)"  ect. I cannot wait to move out. It's too bad too because it's an awesome location but definitely not worth everything we have gone here to live in a rundown apartment that has super thin walls and nothing special about it."  now lets get to the things that are not so great.  We got our lease renewal and they want to raise our rent nearly $100 more a month!  (We did talk to them and get that lowered but it is still really expensive).  The place is still very loud around the apartments.  DO NOT GET AN APARTMENT FACING ANY OF THE STREETS! The windows are like paper and leak air like crazy.  Super loud.  Security is still a joke.  Do not live here if you think the illusion of the gate makes this a secure apartment complex.  I have never had a break in but people are consistantly sneaking in the gate that do not live here.  We still have not had any of the stuff on our move in list (from a year ago) fixed.  They promised us if we resign our lease they will get fixed.   We are unfortunately in no position to move right now so we are stuck signing another lease and paying the crazy increase.  This will be our last year if things don't get better.  Or we will move out before our lease is up."  and I've lived in a few other complexes in the past.  None compare to the Heritage.  I'm moving to another Greystar property "Don't let them give you any lines about how they are next to an expensive country club so it is safe there! Multiple cars were broken into recently. A lady's first floor apartment had its windows busted in while her sons were in the room just three weeks ago! Management has no mitigation plan and just said that this is Phoenix so call a crime number. I was naive and trusted that my unit would be like the demo unit Steer clear of Mutual Managements community's. You will not be satisfied as an owner." Finally Greg has explained several times that I should not be concerned because the roofing tile doesn't protect my roof."  the Vice Presiden is nothing short of a liar and a bigot in my opinion.  I had many email conversations with him where he promises he would address it and later on does nothing about it. Lates is telling me I do not understand the English language due to me having an accent. This company needs to be out of business." Worst place ever they never fix anything unless you keep asking them and then they half ass it they never spray for bugs the manager let's people smoke pot all the time they let stray animals walk around she discriminates against people with disabilities and refuses people with disabilities to have therapy dogs of their choice she lets people have pitbulls when they're supposed to be only 20 pounds or less per animal I would not rent from here if I were you it would be the worst  mistake you've ever make "I have lived here for almost 2 years and the apartment complex is wonderful. The front office is kind and will work with you on any financial problems. The foliage is great and it does not seem we are in Phoenix but out in the midwest or back East. The only negative things is there are so many stray cats and their waste and urine are everywhere and it does not seem that the owner takes this disgusting problem seriously. I love this apartment complex  a sense of peace comes over me. I'm home and I'm happy" I'm so happy to have my grandson and my son and daughter in law living here. We all love the shaded property which is so hard to find in the desert valley of Phoenix. The staff is very friendly and attentive to detail. Thanks for being an oasis in the driest state we have ever lived in! "Despite the lovely scenery and nice walks there's a lot more hidden poop in his apartment than hidden gems.  Lived here for a year in 2012.. Had a nice appt in the back of the courtyard. The place was clean and everything was nice but the air-conditioning would freeze over every other few weeks during the summertime and the garbage disposal smelled so bad when we moved it smell like a dead body was under the sink. Some crazy lady that lived across the courtyard from me would call in  noise complaints every time I would have 1 to 2 guests over. My tires got slashed in my parking spot.. and I'm pretty sure it was her. when I talked to the front office about it they said they couldn't do anything about it I have lived here for many years and absolutely love it. Gated community with overnight security. Lots of trees in a quiet neighborhood. Repairs are handled quickly!  maintenance or management is friendly and helpful. Great for singles or small families. They are even very dog friendly." The cats are terrible.  They spray everything and go to the bathroom wherever they want (even if it is in your garden).  If you like cats then great!  They are for the most part very friendly cats." Shame on you Camelback Cove for hiring either racists or lazy fucks." ZERO STARS IF POSSIBLE DONT MOVE HERE AFTER YOU SIGN YOUR LEASE THEY JUST STOP CARING ..so glad our lease is up here leticia Mary and the new Russian lady suck ..can never understand what Leticia says ..The Russian lady to ...worst service I have ever had just don't move in ...  and the proximity to lots of restaurants is a plus as well.  There just needs to be more pride with the little things." "This place is terrible. Terrible laundry facilities. Machines that never work and steal your money. I've had laundry stolen on top of it. If you can avoid it  when I call the office for the maintenance staff to come and fix it or order me a new stove the maintenance staff comes and say nothing is wrong with it. The laundry facilities are ridiculous they are always broken. When an out of order sign has been on the machine for a long time they come and put a newer sign. The machines take your money. The pool is not up to code. The health department has had to lock the pool many times. The pool is green and gross looking. The front office staff are ridiculous it's one ear and out the other with them. The gates for the so called ""gated community"" are always broken. The only time they are ever fixed are when the rent is due. When rent is due the price is ridiculous I'm paying for services that I shouldn't have to pay for. The money goes to new equipment in the gym that no one uses. They say the pool and gym have wifi when they really don't all the wifi is doing is just roaming you don't actually get connected to the wifi. So I really loved my stay here and have nothing but good things to say about the Biltmore Club." Stay far far away from this place!!!!!"  I knew they closed at 6 so I raced over after work and got there about 5:20 (I left a little after 5). I figured 40 minutes would still be good enough time so I walk into the office ready to go see a unit and learn some info and get a shitty look from this blonde girl behind the desk as if she was pissed I just walked in. She tells me that they've stopped showing for the day because it's after dark. Yea I'm sure that's the reason. It wasn't even ""dark"" yet and it only would have taken 5 minutes to look at a unit. What the eff kind of excuse is that?? I didnt know I needed the sun to be out to be able to see? Or is the community really that unsafe even the office staff don't want to wander around when the ""lights go out""? Shitty customer service  next-day-service.  Pretty quiet complex.  Sweet views.  20's-80's live here.  Gated with night security.  Always feel supersafe here and is literally right across the street from Whole Foods!  Love that place!!"  maintenance called me at midnight the first night and didn't leave a message to even see if I was at home. ( I noticed the missed call the next day) when I returned to the apartment it looked as if a flood happened and my stuff was everywhere. The carpet padding had been soaked through  bc your car probably has  better ac than your actual apartment.  And it's illegal to leave your pet in your car!" "I have been here for 6 months.  It's not perfect  I see mold growing on the frame of the closet where they replaced the carpet but didn't fix the leak. Several of my neighbors have had leaks as well as a lot of downstairs apartments are vacant and windows fogged up from water problems. The hole has gotten worse the last few weeks because they turn off the AC chiller not real AC to migrate to heat... While the weather in AZ is still high 70s the mild has gotten worse and the hole bigger because of stagnant air. I turned in. Vacate notice with my complaints and still have yet to hear from the office to alleviate my situation. Horrible place do not rent!!" Also did I mention my bike was stolen off my SECOND STORY room balcony. Scary right?  So disappointed in the place. Don't waste your time as they will rip innocent good hard working people off in the end."  but the management is a joke.  Seriously lacking in customer service Do not rent an apartment here!" I submit that  this practice is a form of Predatory Leasing and may even be grounds for a class action lawsuit. Anyone interested?" This is an older location which is not as modern as most BofA's but it is always clean. The tellers are friendly though plan on standing in life for a while as I mentioned it stays busy." I just counted and there are 14 people in front of me and 1 teller at the window.  I don't need people asking me what I need help with when I walk in the door.  I need faster service.  I wish my company banked elsewhere and there is no way I would do and personal business with BofA. Would give 0 stars if I could... Worst service I've ever seen at any bank branch... Line is over 30 mins at least.. People not helpful...No public restroom???.... Eventually just left and went to camelback location 5 mins from here. WORST. SERVICE. EVER. If I had a choice I would not rate it with a star at all. To start off the teller Saida Olivas asked me for an ID for a deposit when I have  never been asked before. The guy next to me did a large deposit and he was not asked for an  ID . She also kept speaking to me in Spanish as I kept responding in English I understand I look brown but that does not mean I speak Spanish. I felt she was doing it on purpose I will never go back to this location I felt discriminated. I hope somebody can talk to her and let her know you don't do that Pinnacle At Towne Center raised rent $200 per month our second year living in the complex.  so that's convenient. And the couple times I needed to put in a maintenance request "Don't let online pictures fool you! I was looking for an apartment in the area& looked here because it's a very convenient location. This community looks attractive until you visit and look a little closer. The buildings are in poor condition and the inside of what we saw is even worse. Very outdated  don't live here.  Maintenance will show up while you are at work unannounced. Your dog will escape because he's confused and scared. The apartment complex will not tell you why they are calling you at work until you show up at 5pm and realize your dog is missing. They will cover their own a** before attempting to find your dog. The next day you will find your dog dead on the side of 16th street in front of the Salvation Army. You will be heartbroken and they will be unforgivable during the process. Don't live here" A nice quiet complex close to the action." I really wish the maintenance was better. Took about a month to get our toilet fixed. There isn't really an emergency # for broken a/c. You will be instructed to call the complex first.   The doggie bags always run out and takes forever to replenish so ppl just allow their dogs their crap all over the place and not pick it up. And now the back gate is broken and open which has been allowing strange people to walk through our complex. Don't rent unit 242. This is privately owned and not one of the thirty units that currently are for rent from the management company. The landlord will not pay for any maintenance while you are renting from him and he will keep your security deposit regardless of the condition of the apt. I paid two hundred dollars to have the place professionally cleaned. I also filled all the holes in the walls with spackle. He claimed he had to have the walls retextured and was keeping my deposit. The hot water in the unit takes about 15 minutes to get from the community boiler which is located in the front of the complex and never exceeds the temperature of 107 degrees. I moved because the maintenance done by the HOA is very slow and the pool is often green before it can be blue. As witnessed by the review before this. I incurred over 300.00 in plumbing expenses in the two years I was there and the owner refused to pay for any of it. Someone climbed the balcony to the second floor and stole my bike. Your parking space is no where near the unit.  you will be ""warned"" the HOA might charge you if the cause of the issue is found to be your fault. Oh yeah and within the first year of living here three cars were broken into with items or parts stolen. The complex hired a night security company that will come on the weekends to drive through the complex once and leave.  I have seen them on occasion get out of the vehicle to check to make sure something is locked." "What I don't understand is why they even have a swimming pool.  It isn't heated.  In fact  stay  far away from this company." avoid this bunch of bandits at all costs...they awarded my earnest money to seller after financing problem after 10 business days......never let seller pick title...fix always in if something goes wrong..... I don't know how they stay in business there are so many better title companies like Pioneer DO NOT USE THESE PEOPLE. The other reviews are completely right. Stay far far far far away. They are incompetent and useless. You will be so full of frustration when you are done. DO NOT USE THEM. Too bad Yelp makes us give even one star.  use someone...anyone else!"  and the 'hot tub' is little more than a hole in the ground (no actual heat).  The saving grace is that the maintenance staff are actually genuinely nice people.  Avoid kVvmLxRmbbYCLErtfw3ySw "This place is not safe to live in. They claim it is a gated community but the gates are broken and left open more then closed. There have been several burglaries including my place. They charge you for everything like other reviewers have mentioned. Most outrageous fees I have ever encountered  I paid the late fee and moved on with life.  The pricing is very competive compared to other area properties and the units have newer appliances and I've found my neighbors to be extremely friendly.  There is little noise.  My only issue is with the air conditioning units which seem to be prone to some issues  I never waited more than 24 hours for maintenance / service or repairs.  I cannot say enough about Arioso.. :)"  the apartment itself is comparable to most places. The gym is lacking and several of ladies in the front office are extremely rude. They visibly get aggravated when you ask for help. One is extreme bitchy in every interaction even if its just to pick up a package. Not worth the hassle to pay rent every month for lousy service."  they said my rent would go up by $25 even though the unit below is empty and all the units parallel to my building are empty. This complex has a catch 22. The people who need this complex can't afford it and the people who can afford it can do much better. One year was enough for me." We make sure we lock our door every time we walk out and hope and pray our cat-hating dog does not get his wish and gets to chase down a cat every time we take him out. Just wishing pet owners in general would be more responsible for the safety of their pets." QGpAC5udmMFlXh--IopzkA I have enjoyed living here and plan to continue to do so... for a while  and overall is the best apartment complex I have had the joy to reside in. I hope that they keep up the good work here and maybe even update a few of the appliances (I'm a foodie who loves to cook  MC in my experience has had great staff; I look forward to the future here and am curious what Nate will bring to the table.  I hope he will continue the great communication and community that has been here at this place!"  working class environment in a central Phoenix location.  If you want a party atmosphere - head over to Tempe or Scottsdale."  downstairs neighbor keeps two pit bull dogs on patio 24 hours a day and they poop and piss on concrete which draws flies and smells horrible.  Attempts to resolve this last issue were unsuccessful.  Probably will be moving out soon.  Very disappointing." I love how close it is to Biltmore!" "This is the worst company to deal with. I had a mold issue in my apartment and I emailed the CEO twice and left messages with the person in charge of my building and neither ever returned my calls. I mean If you are planning on moving into one of their properties dont. The woman named Celena Rodriguez is about as useful as the tooth fairy."  EVER again rent from any complex that is ""managed"" (and use that term VERY loosely) a/c unit we have available.?"" Nope! They had it in there that afternoon. It barley cooled the bedroom which we were confined to. I get there while my girlfriend is still at work about 5pm. Still no a/c! She called again. They said""It was repaired"". There was no notice or any sign of anyone being there and the portable unit still in the room. Within 5 minutes they came and turned the breaker on. On Friday the repair man told us that we need to leave it off so no more damage to the unit is caused. We listened to him. They could have left a repair notice and or turned the breaker and thet unit back on." I like the apartment complex. I've lived here 6 months and have no big complaints.  The grounds are kept really nice and it is safe and clean. The units are spacious the updated apartments are really nice. The only negative I would say is the lack of parking or small spaces assigned. Neighbors are nice and it is quiet. I wouldn't pass up on looking here for a good and centrally located place to live. My registration tags expired July 31st so they were 1 month overdue. 1 month overdue and within 72 hours they had it towed from my parking spot. It is really really aggressive and unnecessary to hastily tow my car parked in MY assigned spot. The management staff and management company Lincoln Properties do not care about their residents. They explained it was company policy and would do it again.  some quickly and others within a day or so. At one point the water heater in the upstairs unit was leaking and caused our ceiling to cave in the dining area and bathroom. Maintenance didn't treat it as an emergency Worst Apartment complex ever.  Do not move in here. Move anywhere but here." I left a review before. I had no intentions of renewing my lease. However I had a financial situation and didn't have the money to move out of this hell hole. They raised my rent $50!! Which I couldn't afford to pay so I asked for it to be reduced and the office manager Diane yelled at me about my review" sketch bro. someone stole my bike but it's a gated community. how do I get to work now lol  but they are poorly constructed (at least mine is). I can hear literally every step my upstairs neighbors take. I can hear it through the ceiling and even the walls sometimes creek/vibrate from just their walking. It's incredibly annoying. I have lived in many apartments (some for less expensive) and i've never heard my neighbor so clearly. I've also had issues with cable and internet. Im very disappointed in this unit." This place is has made me feel absolutely taken advantage of. It was incredibly stressful to feel like you have bed bugs and no one told you. Thankfully we didn't but thanks Ingleside for the suffering and not apologizing." (The only reason I didn't give a 5 star rating is because rent is so high.)"  though when I was finished with school and got a job in North Phoenix I did not hesitate to get out." Stay away ... stay far Stay away ... stay far Stay away ... stay far  I'm not renewing in November and will be lucky I only have to go month-to-month for December to hightail it out of here." 2. I was reassigned to a parking spot that is further away from my apartment and I only have one assigned when I am suppose to have two." "The new ""manager"" of Camino Tomas apts I think his name was Cezar is very arrogant and extremely rude. This was the worst experience I have ever had with this apartment complex or any apartment for that matter." So we lived on monte vista our apt burned down they had poor wiring so it was their fault they moved us to another apt complex of theirs with the promise that they would move us back to monte vista after they remodeled our burned down apt they lied leased or apt to other people we told them they said sorry you didn't get it in writing and basically gave a big fuck you to us any way don't rent here you'll surely regret this godforsaken trash hole"  is very rude and arrogant and made me cry from raising his voice at me and talking over me while trying to get one simple thing from him for a potential cosigner. His story would change constantly in between talking to my boyfriend and I separately. By the end of this process The sauna does not work and the parking is extremely tiny with one one way in and out. Sometimes people will park in your space! The few things I liked were they were gay friendly apartments  but I guess that's what the parks in the neighborhood are for! I feel safe living in this apartment complex which is  sometimes hard to find living in the city. I never have a problem with parking even on the weekends. I loved the management when we first moved in  BEWARE of getting too close to your neighbors. Had a drama causing troublemaker upstairs that stirred up problems with the crackhead neighbors right beside me  next thing I know the dishwasher stops draining. They tell me it was a result of the garbage disposal being installed incorrectly. They send maintenance to fix the disposal  PAYING WAY TOO MUCH FOR NOTHING THENMOVE HERE. OTHERWISE DO NOT EVEN WASTE YOUR TIME AND LOOK BECAUSE YOU WONT BE GETTING WHAT YOU LOOK AT IN THE FIRST PLACE. ITS A SCAM AND THEY NEED TO FIX IT!" "I just moved down to the valley 4 months ago. Before moving down here i took a few trips to go apartment hunting. All the other apartments i looked at were either super expensive or trashy. This place was the last place i looked at and the most legit. The complex is pretty I moved in this past march. What I like is that the living situation is really comfortable. The only reason why I'm giving this place 2 stars is because the parking here is terrible. Residents are always parking here illegally (always backing into covered spots which aren't allowed). Then when they are doing roadwork the parking is limited. It took me forever to find a spot yesterday because a whole entire section was closed off. Where could I have parked if there were no spots available? Was I supposed to park my car illegally to risk being towed? Create more parking spots and I'll give this place 5 stars KxgYWm_ZpGkLG20fg6gyHw Excellent Service and Great to Work With." "I was referred to Orion Mortgage after having difficulty getting a mortgage through a big name bank because they would not loan money on the house we wanted because of title issues related to a previous short sale on the house we wanted.  The issues were very common for the area because of the recent economic downfall.  Brian at Orion Mortgage used his resources to investigate the issues and explain the issues to one of his lenders so that we could get the house of our dreams.  Not only did he get this done Yr3PHmZwZYqn9YIZQ0ekWw  and strive to exceed their customer's expectations.  I would not hesitate to recommend Orion Mortgage to anyone looking to finance a new purchase or refinance an existing home loan.  They will not be disappointed!"  I would recommend his company for your mortgage needs without any hesitation. He is well versed with the industry  I got personal and expedient attention from everyone at Orion Mortgage. They helped turn what can be a stressful and difficult process into an easy and exciting one."  coupled with their inherent sense of urgency to resolve whatever was in my path to closing on a mortgage.  My case was anything but textbook but Orion knocked it out of the park "Hands down the best mortgage company around! From the moment you walk in the door they go out of their way to welcome you and make you feel like you are number one priority. Working with Brian made our first home buying process a breeze! Brian was able to make things happen that other companies could not. He's very honest and doesn't try to beat around the bush about anything! Not only is Brian great but the entire staff is as well! Everyone is on the ball and keeps you updated as things happen rather than wondering or not knowing what's going on! They are great at answering all your questions "Working with Joe and Karen at Orion Mortgage was an excellent experience.  They are top notch communicators and very knowledgeable about many different types of loans and products.  Orion Mortgage had a portal type system that was updated frequently.  With this system  I appreciated Brian Yampolsky's advice and support throught the process of securing my loan. He secured a quality lender with the rate that I sought and orchestrated a great deal in regards to my closing costs. Brian referred me to my realtor and lent support to us throughout the purchasing process. He was accessible This is the second time my husband and I have worked with them and each time has been so easy. I recommend Orion to anyone I know that needs a loan.  Joe at Orion was always very responsive and sensitive to our needs.  We closed on time and are now enjoying our new home!" "Thank you to the Orion team.  Joe was fantastic to work with from the beginning and helped me more than he knows.  His team is great to work with and explains everything that needs to be done.  With much sincerity and gratitude  fearing the home loan process. Brian made it smooth and simple. He was fantastic and easy to deal with. He made the process as painless as possible. I give Brian and Orion Mortgage Corp the highest possible praise. If you are in the market for a home "I worked with Brian and his fantastic team while purchasing my first house. Brian and his team were wonderful to work with: they answered all of my questions and were incredibly responsive to emails and phone calls. Given this was my first house purchase Joe and his team at Orion provided us with excellent service and a seamless transaction.  They went above and beyond more than once and kept us informed along the way.  I will call them again on my next deal. I had the pleasure of working with Joe at Orion when refinancing my home. He and his team were extremely helpful and made the process very straight forward. I obtained a great mortgage and everyone was so friendly and a joy to work with. I highly recommend Joe and Orion Mortgage. Brian and his team were great. They went out of their way to find us the best rates and made sure the process was as painless as possible. I would work with them again in a heartbeat. "What a great experience. I was expecting the loan process to be a painful and time consuming endeavor. Joe and his team handled everything in a prompt and professional manner Joe and his team worked above and beyond to get us into the home of our dreams. Our situation was unique and Joe did everything possible to make sure things worked out for us. Also our realtor and title agency were pleasantly surprised with Orion as it was both of their first times working with them. Compliments all the way around! We will be forever grateful for their help and support!  it is terribly mismanaged. Maintenance here is nonexistent and there are too many needs that are not met in the quality and amenities of the apartment. Concerns of the residence are ignored and the property manager onsite is not there to make you happy. The property manager is in over her head and in denial. Find somewhere else to move." The worst place you could ever move roaches and bed bug and the property manager pricilla could care less and this property.  Never move here u0yUzLs-SdVU81LM_ws1AA   I told him the 3rd of the next month.  I had the letter in hand 30 days before moving and the manager said you dont need to give me the letter and get back to you with any questions right away.The area is safe   you have big dogs and/or a flock of kids."  the desire for more space at an affordable pricing was of greater significance." have a good day and I hope I saved you a trip from the  from hell apartment complex they sent such nice pictures appear u should see what the gate looks like in the back here that hit my daughters foot !treacherous! dangerous! they should be ashamed calling this a gated community I don't feel safe! every tom Dick and Harry walks in here in the middle of the night slamming the gate shut!" Rent will be $830 in winter $945 in summer. Pools not heated unusable fitness center."  modernizing with many improvements around the property. I am very pleased by April's & Senada's attentiveness and kind demeanor. I would recommend anyone to rent from any property managed under April."  comfortable for the last 3 years....until management changed. The new manager's family now owns the property and he is letting in every gang-banger in town move it. Not only are the neighbors totally intimidating Rebecca's review from April 2010 of the property is unfortunately quite accurate and I wholeheartedly agree with the reviewers thoughts. The landscaping is no longer attended to in a timely manner. The maintenance request take longer and the solution tends to be a band-aid rather than a true fix. The primary contact in the office (16-20 years old ) speaks broken English does not appear to have any property management experience let alone client interaction/customer service. These may be indications that the low occupancy rates will remain or as Rebecca mentioned the new occupants will be those who typically reside in subsidized housing. ANDEE S. of Marketing: You are just FULL OF IT!  But your job is to B.S. people  lot of gaps and crevices available for critters. I'm dealing with a roach problem"  you really want some peace and quiet when you are home. I will admit I'm not a fan of having to pay for laundry but it's a small price to pay for the location and service Monica provides. I'm guessing the previous poor reviews were due to the previous property management which is a shame because Monica has been nothing but a true delight to work with. She is so welcoming and always  having any repairs completed or questions answered within an hour or two. To find a comfortable living space in Arcadia at this price point is nearly unheard of - I urge any potential tenants to meet with Monica and check out a unit for themselves."  helpful and always there when you need them.   Definitely recommend this as a place to call home for those who are tired of large apartment complexes where you're just another renter. :)" Grounds are kept clean and well lit. Im a single female and have always felt safe here."  Monica wasted money on those lights when they could have gone to improvements in the community. Monica lied to me and made it very difficult for me to get my security deposit (its been over three weeks now and I have not got it). Monica would send me emails threatening to fine me for things that I did not do (nor did she have proof) just to intimidate me and cause me financial harm. I also had to explain to Monica what renters insurance versus liability insurance was because my apartment flooded while I was away and no one told me. DO NOT MOVE IN HERE. Monica and her ""boss"" have both provide them selves unprofessional and incompetent."  Damion are amazing. They are really doing a GREAT job. Everything is taken care within 24 hours and the location is perfect. I'm very happy to live here." "I have been living at Escondido apartments for almost a year and a half. I was living out of state when I found the apartments and had to find something fast so I called the office and Monica was super helpful and got me into a apartment with no hassle. I've really enjoyed living here  deceiving and harassing." I have dealt with Andrea Kahan and her team at DHI Title on numerous transactions. The main thing that I look for in a title company when closing on a home is response time and fee structure. They excel at both and constantly outwork their competition. I recommend them to all of my clients because of this. "I have worked with Andrea Kahan at DHI title on marketing materials. Their Graphic Arts department does an amazing job on my marketing pieces "Karen at this office is fantastic.  She has a real passion for helping others Karen is fantastic! She is extremely knowledgable in what she does and makes sure that everyone she works with has a smooth transition with their home buying process. I would refer any of my home buying friends to her in a heartbeat.  won't return calls or emails. They were suppose to set up a web site for our community and that turned out to be a joke. One of the homes on our street is a total pig pen It's just a nice hidden gem if you are looking for a place where people still walk around and pay attention to each other.  Where you can be as active or sedate as you want to and be assured of a caring staff and neighbors." "This place is amazing! We searched all over the greater Phoenix area to look for a place to settle in. The view is spectacular! Surrounded by mountains and the sunset are breathtaking. Very close to highways so it's easy to get anywhere. You don't feel like you're in the city. The people here are very friendly. There's lots of activities to keep us busy. There is a beautiful heated pool Its up side you do have security gates and the view is beautiful." The negative experience of having to live in a construction zone is hazardous to even healthy lungs let alone senior ones.  In my opinion the owners of this park is subjecting themselves to law suits because of insufficient warning of when construction action is to be done. I hold the park responsible for any breathing issues or hospital costs that might be incurred as I was not given sufficient notice to vacate the premises. If I could not have been out of here by Oct I wanted to vacate the premises and in order to do that I expected the courtesy of at least a week or two notice prior to the actual digging. Is this any way to run a community?"  if you don't mind the cons and the biggest con than Paradise Foothills is good for you. Goodluck. I'm moving as soon as my lease ends." Xg_mhxO59X9g27n9JZG1YA "The only thing i hate about this apartment complex is how the office manages problems....they keep picking un qualified people to work on their gates and so every week they have someone in a tweaker vehicle come out and ""fix "" the gate instead of really fixing it...yesterday my boyfriend tried to pull out the back gate like normal and they have a 3inch bolt sticking off of the gate ....since the gate is being worked on by complete idiots it didnt open all the way up and my boyfriend caught his tire on the bolt and both the tire and the gate exploded and they are going to refuse to replace our tire....this is not our fault....if the office would quit being so cheap and have a real mechanic come fix the gates the right way they wouldnt be spending money every single week trying to fix them and they wouldnt have angry tenants posting bad reviews about them.....their gate ruined our tire and its our fault a 3inch bolt is sticking out of the gate .....so for now they barely deserve a one star." To a safer cleaner place."  once a week. The police where at the complex more often than not when I would come home from work. The person behind me smoked a lot of weed in their apartment and the smell would seep through the walls making my apartment stink. They were actually going to raise my rent by $80 if I where to renew my lease. I didn't renew. The only reason I rented their was cause it was the closest complex to my work under $700 and once they no longer where I left. The office people are nice and so are the maintenance people. I have no problem with them at all. It's just the people they rent to "I have lived here for the last three years and I can't wait until my current lease is done. When I first moved in the maintenance crew was good and kept the place in good order however the crew now is lazy. The place is always dirty and things don't get fixed in a timely manner. They claim to do background checks on the residents and when I first moved there was a better class of people living here but as the good people have moved out a lower class of people have moved in. The police are at the complex at least once a week  the staff is amazing.  Everybody in the office always looks professional and acts like true class acts.  I love to visit the community because I know they will always have smiles on their faces and treat me with respect."  the lady upstairs from the grill is a  racist b.. Besides tho two b's I have to say everyone else have been awesome.. The office ladies And the maintenace crew seem nice. But Like I said it's not a place for kids not at all.. No bikes balls or chalk is aloud. There's no where for the kids to play and their not even aloud to play outside without you right with them... The need a sign that says no kids aloud they talk about how their an equal oppationty living but then after you hind out their really not if you have kids don't move here...." "DO NOT RENT HERE!!!!! SLUM LORD PROPERTY!! They charge you to move out!! The maintenance staff is incompetent and lazy and will argue with you if you tell them they didn't do something right. They also don't complete tasks. They office staff has a ridiculous turn over. Not to mention the manager is extremely rude! The property has stray cats that poop everywhere  DO NOT RENT HERE. I can't wait for my lease to be up and for me to get out of this complex because in all honesty I know I can find a better complex with better organization and one that doesn't try to rip you off."  and in my situation it seems even paying your rent and not causing trouble isn't enough to avoid getting screwed." I have lived here since October 2014. I've not had any problems. Maintenance has fixed my issues in a timely manner. The office staff is great and friendly. I like where my apartment is located and the neighbors "This place uses strong arm tactics against tenants who are humanely trying to take care of feral cats on the property to ensure they don't continue to populate and are vaccinated and rehomed if possible.   Talk about heartless for a property to try and essentially starve and kill kittens and have Good Samaritan tenants evicted. Stay away from such a ruthless shady business. other apartments allow TNR which is proven to be safe "This is literally the worst apartment I've ever lived in. Which is saying a lot since I've moved about 20+ times in my life as a young professional. I have never had a problem with apartment management anywhere I have lived since I am a low key person with no pets and no kids. When I originally moved in the complex gave me a discount on rent because the leasing agent told me the carpets were older and needed replacing. A year later I requested to have new carpet put in and just pay the normal rate. The head of maintenance came in to look at the carpet and make a decision. He said the carpets were not old when I moved in and that they would not replace them. I told him how they were even wearing out when I first moved in and knew I had proof because of the discount on my rent. He basically called me a liar. The carpets were so worn down that the tack strip was poking through and stabbing my feet when I walked over it. They said they would get back to me on at least cleaning and re streaching the carpet. They never did. When I followed up they acted like it was my fault saying I was supposed to set up a date for them to come in. I have never met a apartment staff so rude. I finally left and moved somewhere already 100X better in the first month of my arriving there. Remington however did not hesitate to send me a bill for over $400 for ""damages"" which they did not list out. I called them and asked for a detailed description and they never sent me one. They then were sending me to collections. I can't even express how upset I am still. I have never been treated this way in my life. I would contact the property management "I been here for 18 months and I left vaseo where I was been treated very poorly and paying way more. Vaseo staff never cared about my problem even though I never been late on rent and follow all the rules. I am very happy with my decision to rent at remington. The staff is great. Everytime I have called my issues have quickly been resolved. My neighbors are just wonderful. We all have children that play together. I couldn't be luckier  wonderful and oh I forgot to mention linoleum that's lifted up. this apartment is interesting. I do like my neighbors esp terry. she helped me when I got a bed from another neighbor who was moving out. I'm friends with my neighbors.they're cool." Beautiful community with an amazing resort like pool! Lots of trees and nice amenities. Small community and I loved the views from the patio. Inside is very spacious and I was not stuck with only one spot for my sectional sofa. The office staff is nice and I have always been treated kindly. Any maintenance needs are done the same day or next. I love how everything is kept up to date and not neglected. Definitely love calling Cortina home.  the grounds and pool area are amazing and the only bugs we've seen are ants outside on the ground where they belong. We can't hear our neighbors which is a huge plus. The only maintenance issue we had was taken care of right away and was pretty minor. In the office we have mainly worked with Tina who's been friendly every time we stop in to pick up a package (and we get a lot of them so we see her quite often). It's like this little diamond in the rough and we hope to stay here until we move back to MN in a few years."  and were not happy at all.  Then I found the Cortina online and their great and well deserved reviews on Yelp.  The ladies that manage the Cortina (Karon and Tina) could not have been more helpful.  Several emails and phone exchanges before we actually came to look at the place  awful customer service.. Oh and the kicker.. I deposited a trust fund check.. From Vanguard!! They wouldn't let me have it for 10-14 days.. Despite that Vanguard had cleared the check with them.. I'm guaranteeing BofA made interest off of my $7k! Don't get me started on what they have done to our housing market.. Ahh.. Thank God I can bank with USAA.." I stopped in this branch yesterday to close the account and was surprised how little they seemed to care. We exchanged greetings and chatted about our Halloween and what each of us were doing. I told him I needed to close both my savings and checking account  and eagerly await my turn so I can finish up and enjoy the rest of my day off. Fortunately they seems to be wrapping up.  I may update further at a later time pending the outcome here."  needed to cash a check and get larger bills for a cash payment she was slow and not a pleasure."  they won't do you the courtesy of speaking with you unless something goes wrong with their machines. A malfunction that is their fault WILL become your responsibility and your problem in that they will require YOU to dispute their practices  Oregon  It looks like a calculated move to force customers to online banking. They have even done away with the drive up window. The tellers that work there are very nice and very efficient.  Have been banking at this bank(building) since1974 but I am looking at other options since I like banking in person.   What they will do is force customers to other banks. In the last few weeks I have  have been in several smaller banks in Medford in the last few weeks and I noticed much smaller or no lines with lots of tellers!"  I Got approved in less than 10 mins! Great Job to Mr. Robles.." "My father passed away suddenly in October. I am the personal rep of his estate. He had a bank account at BoFA. I went to this location and worked with David. I get in his office and he's blasting his music. I love rap as much as the next person but after telling him about my father he continues to let his music play which is offensive (cussing) and loud. I told him I needed an estate account per my lawyer. He instead tries to talk me into having a check sent to me for the balance. I told him again I needed an estate account. During my time there he was cussing and making in appropriate comments. He said I wouldn't have access to the money until Monday (The date I was there was a Friday) because a person can't open and close an account the same day. This is not what I was told at another branch but I didn't argue. I asked to set an appointment for Monday. He instead insisted that I text his ""personal cell phone"". Monday comes and I text him around 430p AND call him (he didn't answer so I left a VM)as I was busy all day and he texts back at 4:57pm and tells me it's too late they close at 5pm. I'm pretty upset at this point. I tell him via text since he wouldn't return my call that I would have preferred to set an appt. He said ""that's why I was setting the expectation that I will work around you"". I ask if he can please set an appt for me for Tuesday and that I'd prefer to work with someone else. He ignores my request and continues to text me that this is my fault I wasn't able to come in. I tell him I want to speak with a manager and would like his managers name he texts back (Nope sorry can't do that). He finally calls me (it's going on 520-530 now) and finally sets an appt for the following day. My mom and I come in the next day (I didn't feel comfortable going alone) Horrible customer service. This place is why I switched all but 1 account away from BOA to USAA. I went into this branch needing $60 in quarters and got into the 8 person line. A guy comes in behind me needing $25 in $1s. The reception guy at the podium asked what he needed and went and got his 25 $1s. So I asked about getting my quarters. I was told there's only 2 people in front of you you will be fine waiting. Between those 2 people and 2 at the counter it took 23 minutes to get my quarters as he continued to help people walking in the door. So in the end it took 40 minutes to get quarters. I will have to remember to stop on my way home from work elsewhere. Walked in to talk to personal banker about closing accounts. He directed me to main counter. Waited 20 minutes in line that went to entrance door to talk to person at counter. They directed me back to personal banker. Took nearly one hour to close out my accounts. Not the type of service I would expect. They mentioned the weekend after the first of the month is always busy. Perhaps time to staff for these occasions if you know they will be busy. Granted it is not all bad. I wouldn't exactly recommend it I'd really give this place 2.5 stars out of five."  I don't even expect to get my deposit back." They will not take care of these issues - fine - just remove ""luxury"" from the sign out front..." Thanks again San Pedregal!" Questions?  Call Sandra at San Pedregal (480) 443-6882...." Questions?  Call Sandra at San Pedregal (480) 443-6882...."  but don't let that suck you in. I haven't met too many other residents that are happy living here. Instead  the grills by the pool had been replaced with new ones.  The staff go out of their way to be helpful and friendly.  The neighborhood is nice and within walking distance to many businesses.  The grounds and facilities are immaculate.  The apartment is very spacious and quiet.  Balcony is huge.  I really enjoy living at San Pedregal and would highly recommend it." I randomly found San Pedregal online more than a year ago as I was relocating from another state Have lived here for over a year and couldn't be happier. The amenities are great and so are the neighbors. Plenty of dogs and families in the neighborhood. The only draw back is many outsiders sneak into the pool and take over. Other than that it's great.  I felt that these apartments were well worth a review. Last week I visited a few apartments in the Moon valley/ N. Phoenix area.All of them seemed to look the same and the the staff at the communities were for a lack of a better word-incompetent! They lacked knowledge and interest during my tours. I almost decided to give up when I found myself driving past a community that looked pretty nice and was tucked away from the street. I drove up and was pleasantly surprised that the apartments were as nice as they looked from the street. The landscaping and grounds seemed like they were maintained well. I walked in and was greeted immediately by Evette. The office was nice and smelled good. She asked me a few questions about what I was looking for and showed me the 1 bedroom model. She was very thorough unlike the other apartments I had checked out that day. I appreciated that she was able to answer all of my questions and concerns. The one bedrooms were huge there. They also had gas stoves which was a bonus since I like to cook. The amenities don't compare to anywhere else. They have a sweet pool with a beach entrance. I was sold! The only problem was that they didn't have anything in my time frame. I was bummed but I am going to resign a 6 month lease at my place and hope to move in to San Pedregal in the fall. Thanks again to the staff and Evette at San Pedregal for making my apartment search more enjoyable. Check this place out if you are moving to the N. Phoenix area!"  I highly recommend this place. Worth the money. Will stay here for a long period of time for sure."  they re-paved the parking lot and it looks no different (just a major inconvenience). I am a very neat and clean person and have had issues with roaches coming in through my kitchen light and out of my bathroom sink. i have had my apartment sprayed 5 times to no avail. if i wasnt stuck in a long-term lease (i signed with the previous owners These water issues have become QUIET frustrating- no backup plans for residents  have lived here for almost a year. It hasn't been perfect (what place is?) but any problems we've had have been dealt with quickly and efficiently. The maintenance staff has gone above and beyond to help us. We have experienced only 1 water outage and the emergency maintenance line was available to anyone who needed it after the staff left. The staff is extremely friendly. My kids beg me to go to the office just to say hi. Scorpions are pretty much expected because the complex is located at the base of a mountain. We have only seen 2. Another thing I love about this complex is they are frequently giving opportunities for people to win gift cards or money off rent through contests and bingo night. We've been here less than a year and have won $100 off our rent twice. No place is perfect  and still budget-friendly apartment complex in Phoenix. We lived here for two years and have loved every minute of it. The three-bedroom apartment is spacious and all maintenance requests have been resolved in hours. The staff is always friendly and happy to help."  and there is only one other complex that compares to this one - it's in Houston.  The staff is always super nice.  There are activities.  They serve breakfast on the third Saturday of the month.  And it is quiet!  Most apartments overlook the golf course  very friendly people. The other thing I love is my storage unit outside my front door! best thing ever!! huge bathrooms and the walk-in closets are very spacious. Overall great apartment to live in I would definitely recommend these apartments to family and friends! Good luck :]" "I live at the Boulevard Apartments and it's pleasant enough but they have a sneaky way of making more money! They were going to be closed on September 1st for Labor Day but apparently only posted that information at the mailboxes and one notice on their front door.  I happened to be dog sitting for a friend so I was away that weekend and returned that Labor Day Sept 1st morning.  When I went to pay my rent I saw the sign for the first time  pool and convenience did not win us over and we decided to go elsewhere. If you are looking for convenience "Lived here with two different owners. Previous employees were absolutely welcoming with open arms. New employees seemed to be no different after only a few short months under them. Great location; close to a lot of amenities thankfully isn't located on bell road. Quiet living. Quiet residents. Great pool & rec room. No complaints from me. Surrounded by some high crime areas  even leaving food bags near my car.  I told the complex and they questioned me on how i knew it was them.  Instead of just looking into it.  like get off you butt and come look at your crew.  just so unprofessional save 200 and go across the street to Vaseo apartments.  I left there thinking I willnspend 200 more but get better neighbor and a professional staff not go backwards"  and the unit was way to pricey and not that nice. Don't do it unless you want to be nickle and dime for every little thing!! They should take the word LUXURY out of there description. Not a welcoming place." Overall The Boulevard is a great place to live- it's just very pricey and the units are really just standard." Thanks for all your help Jim!" I ended up finding apartments on my own. I think they could have been a little more accommodating Probably one of the worst experiences of my life! Keven is a complete condescending jerk!!!! All he did was talk about how he couldn't work with my budget and how my credit isn't great but he might be able to find someone to take me but I drew the line when he started talking crap about my income! I make more in a day the this moron makes in a week and he's talking crap about my income? I would give this place a zero if I could!! "This place is horrible! When I came into the office to sign the lease and get the keys they told me they still needed to clean it out. Then when I was able to move my stuff in  she was very nice).  Don't waste your time on these apartments.  Btw for anyone else who wants to file a BBB complaint CAN WE DAY SCAM.IN A SCUM AREA" The people at the front office are cool though." It was not a bad first apartment (considering our move from across the country) but not somewhere I would recommend staying after that first lease."  it does not have a washer/dryer in the apartment but there are two laundry facilities centrally located so you don't have to walk far. A dollar to wash and a dollar to dry. The only thing I don't like is the parking. For a two driver household one person always ends up getting screwed and having to walk. We are looking forward to living here for years to come." Fast forward to august I had an infestation of bedbugs.  The complex makes you sign something when you start your lease that you are responsible for the payment of that service.  Now many months later the whole building is getting treated again for bed bugs.  I am beyond horrified!!! My lease can not be over soon enough!!!" The office staff is very friendly and most neighbors are social and nice  and if circumstances didn't force me to move Great location. Horrible move out fees(scam). Good staff but 1 witch. Old and run down apartments."  but when it was all said and done it was roughly $500.00 over the amount. when I called S__tt he tried to tell me I must have written the quotes incorrectly. He told me he'd look into it and call me back. Never heard from him again. Yep Communication was horrible. I asked from the very beginning what my cost were going to be and I got an amount. From that point on it I felt that every time they talked to me that number got larger and larger. I had multiple expenses that i had to pay for with very short notice. Contact between my lender and I was nonexistent. He would say I would get a call from him and they never happened. I gave him the benefit of the doubt several times knowing that he may be busy or it maybe because of the holidays but it NEVER improved. It's nothing personal it is just not the way I would handle a relationship between a client and myself. My closing date changed and no one bothered to tell me or inform me why. I had to send out a very blunt and strongly worded email on Christmas Day because no one seemed to care about me and my first home purchase. I've worked in real estate industry before so I get what it's like. I understand things happen and things change last minute. It is just they way things will go sometimes but not returning a call text or email for several days is simply unacceptable. With technology today it's not hard to simply respond with a quick answer saying that you will get back to someone and then actually follow through with it. The Freeman Team was recommended to me by my realtor (who by the way was amazing) and I've shared with him in detail my experience and how I would not recommend him for other clients. There are so many examples of things that went wrong that could have been avoided or at least give me more of a notice before I had to do something. I felt bad for Jonathan for having to break bad news to me over and over again for things like something is going to cost more money or the appraisal had to be paid for up front and it's not going to be billed to escrow like I was told it I have to take an 8 hour online class (which of course cost more money) and only have 24 hours to do it. I was just going to let this go but I have been getting an email every day for the past 5 days asking me to give my feedback so I guess they really wanted it. So here it is!!! In a nut shell the communication was so bad I don't know if the ""Senior Loan Officer"" actually did any work besides send me automated email that get sent out to everyone when they have reached certain points in the loan. The last week of closing I honestly wanted to throw my hand up in the air and walk way from buying the house. Had I'd been able to do so without losing out on a lot of money and of course the legal binding contract I signed to purchase my new home I would have. No one deserves service like this and if someone thinks that they can provide this wonderful level of service and get away with it then they have another thing coming to them. I want to stress that I have no personal issues with anyone who was involved and I am grateful for the help that I did get. I simply just feel that there are a lot of other people out there who would work a lot harder for a lot less. Jonathan and Cami you were great and thank you again for all your support"  it makes sense to work with the best and that's what the Russell Shaw group is all about.  We are on home #4 and every one has been easy  our house closed 2/29/16 and the blue lockbox is still hanging in our door 3/10. She was rude when I needed info regarding who treated our house for termites. I would never recommend them to work with." You cannot go wrong with Shaw."  but I got the same result as if I had. I would not hire them if Russell Shaw himself came by and offered his services for free. They are doing a disservice to their clients "I would never recommend this agency especially Pete Tuccio completely rigged the apartment for me renting not knowing Phoenix went thru Paradise Valley the apartments were located in a crack infested area  so if you are new to the city and need some help to find a good apartment community they are the right people to help you." This place is a dump .... mold everywhere toilets.sinks.showers in cabinets would not deem reasonable for a prison let alone an apartment complex  but after we experienced the ""management"" first hand we decided not to proceed. Kept his money anyway. BEWARE! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED NOW TWICE by your fellow Yelpers! Stay clear of this dump and their minimum wage staff."  it turns out the box spring had bed bugs in it. When we complained the awesome management and they accused us of bringing them in.  These cheap people would not get rid of the box spring so we threw it out. Went and bought a bed and used that for the rest of our stay. We bought the wifi that the complex offers but the signal is so bad we ended up getting a refund. I have lived in rough places but this was by far worse than living in the projects. Please think twice about renting from this place save yourself some headaches and look elsewhere." It is a great place to call home!"  never ever rent apartments in this community." Living here for 9 months. Quite decent apartments. All service requests are attended on same day. Close to all stores and eateries. Cleanliness and greenery is good. The staff do come out arrogant. But rest all is great "Never had any problems. Front office staff is very courteous and prompt. Maintenance is fast-paced and professional. The property is very well taken care of with a lot to offer  due to some unknown construction (though nothing has happened yet in the past two weeks) and that it has been closed for more than half the time I have been a tenant here.  The point of having a pool The management at this complex is horrific.  My boyfriend lived here for four years and has indicated to me that he's had nothing but problems with the management.  They hide behind the corporate facade and don't really care about the tenant or anyone for that matter.  Very unhelpful not to mention the price of the rent is very high for what you get.  They put a water regulator on the shower which allowed for no water pressure when showering.  Plus they put a paint type coating product on the tub which never allowed for it to get clean.  They also required to come into the property and install efficiency lightbulbs which emitted NO light.  The location is about the only thing positive about this place.  Worst management ever.  and I thank god every day that we only signed a 6 month lease. There are plenty of other places in the neighborhood that are about the same price and so much nicer "Great location. Great amenities. Great people. The management is always welcoming and concerned. The maintenance crew is always professional. I love living here. I bought a membership to Costco. Got on board with promotions from the mall and the 3-4 grocery stores nearby. Just have to enjoy a neighborhood  has offered residents a 3 day grace period to pay rent without getting charged late fees. Not here! So if you are out of town on business or your paycheck from work accidentally doesn't go through for some reason "The office staff is awesome and the maintenance team are terrific.  In the last several months since George became the maintenance manager the community has drastically improved.  We have been here two years and really like it.  We were interested in transferring to a three bedroom.  Unfortunately i will continue to post my evidence as i find them and update this post." I am glad I didn't fall for the dog and pony show of the apartments which shall not be named on the SE corner of the 101 and 17 hwy." Update:   I have down graded to one stare.   WARNING  I finallly had to call the city of phoenix to spray the man hole on the other side of the wall from me. I am a VERY clean person. I don't let trash build up. I have a small child at home that puts EVERYTHING in her mouth. I'm scared that one day I will find one around my child or worse  and their 3 young daughters are incredibly sick from what is most likely a MOLD INFESTATION. Medical treatment may be easier if the apartment would release the test result. COMPLETELY UNACCOUNTABLE! Not to mention the state of the apartment when they first moved in was UNACCEPTABLE AND HORRENDOUS!!! It was their first experience moving to and living in an apartment. WARNING!!!!: This apartment complex will be nice to you and show you a nice apartment with decent appliances and give you a DUMP along with treat you like GARBAGE!!! The carpet was detached from the walls and entry way On a positive note the apartments are large and maintence responses quickly."  I realized I've known three of the residents for decades.  I'd be delighted to have them as my neighbors any time.  Sophisticated world travelers  they did A/C maintenance today and now my A/c is out and they don't have an emergency line." Only downside is that the plumbing system has some issues. Any maintenance issues that were property related were fixed fast. Overall This property has the most unprofessional manager that I have ever encoutered.  She challenges residents to fights!  and I feel dismayed that our tax dollars subsidize this place. Don't bother with this place I am warning you this place is nasty !!" EDIT: The complex changed ownership at the end of my lease That's pretty much it in a nutshell; I'm not doing a commercial and see no reason to get into any amenities or options. Not that they do not exist or are not nice in themselves  and a very competitive rent considering the location and amenities.  One of the things that sold me on this place was actually the very sincere and accomodating customer service I got out of the people running the show.  I also love that there is washer/dryer in the unit.  To me the convenience factor is worth at least an extra $50 a month.  I am within biking distance of Target Living here has been the worst experience I have ever had."  and I didn't have to worry that my girl or I were gonna get jumped or robbed or something like most other areas of town."  I still stand behind what I said about the neighborhood and price. The staff is pretty iffy and inconsistent  but it didn't mean my car was safe. I found a grocery cart on top of my car that left dents and scratches everywhere. Don't get an apartment next to the little road that's between us and the other apartment complex. It's so noisy with people and cars going by at night. I always had a hard time sleeping. There isn't a lot of green for people to take their dogs on walks. Just a really tiny patches of grass. Rent is expensive since the location is pretty convenient. It's really close to the mall So far we are very happy residents!" 