The entire building also has severe electrical problems that causes all lights to be replaced twice a month. No permanent fixes are made to existing units  odds are that you will regret it." "Rocco and Vivian have truly been a graceful pair to my roommate and I for the past year. We lived right on Fifth avenue and Bellefonte and found no reason to complain aside from the neighbor's dog downstairs. The few mishaps that happened within the apt ( a broken lock While looking for a rental after relocating Rockwel was extremely helpful and courteous.  They were very responsive and accommodating with the right deadline my wife and I were under.  They were willing to go above and beyond to get the place prepped in time. Couldn't recommend them more.  and one of the owners threatened saying that we were in default of our lease agreement for not keeping our apartment as clean as when it had been leased to us. Dealing with Rocco and Elisabeth is nice  and in working order and are pleasant Definately one of the more frustrating things to happen to me during my relocation Just ask around Pittsburgh. Most people know of this company and the first thing out of their mouths are: ""Please tell me you're not renting from those slum-lords.""." Atch-Mont is solid. Been renting with them for 4 months. They are easy to work with and fixed things very quickly when reported.  but he did not give me all the deposit back...saying that he payed somebody to clean it(bulshit). And he charged me  for taking off some portraits off the wall that i left there...but he did not do that cause i still can see the portraits  from east ohio street (layer)...the worst unprofessional real estat company..." Needless to say I booked my reception there - I can work around the rules."  I would not stay at the Pennsylvanian again." -$$$$ Everything must be brought in from the outside. Tables "We've been living in the apartments for 8 months now and we love it here. It's a really convenient location to all the neighborhoods  freeway access bus stops. The free breakfast (fruit This is not a BAD place to live. However please keep these things in mind when you are influenced by the pretty exterior. Not a lot of money resources have gone into maintaining the insides."  Mingle offers a wide range of classes and convenience & flexible hours. Instructors are great and make the class fun (or as fun as can be). The Realtor Store is on site Just finished the course...failed it...and probably 80 percent of the class some were in it for the second time...you sign papers that entitle them not to pass you unless you get an 80 on the final...most folks failed...classes very fast paced...would not recommend.  and continuing education classes with Sandy Williams. She is a great and knowledgeable instructor!!! Make sure you read the book word for word and listen to her. She has an awesome powerpoint presentation."  reviews which should really be called the truth serum reviews. I'll leave my personal experience out of this one.. . I will say....don't sign the contract!" Mingle is the worst!!! over 80% of the class failed the final.  Do not waste your money.  They dont go over the math which is a big part of the test.  The instructor just reads the book and highlights.  Then you have to pay to retake the course.  The class is less than two months long and you really do need the three months that other schools offer (CPCC) and it is only $180. (half the price of Mingle)....  ""Broker Relationships & Responsibilities"" with a 92! Instructors Jon Hines and Dana Rhodes are excellent teachers making the course both interactive and informative with real work experience. Both have a wealth of knowledge in the business and entertaining humor that make the course material enjoyable! After taking Pre-licensing at CPCC and not making the cut  give Carla a call. She has been in Charlotte for years and years and knows a lot about the area and trends. In addition  but frustrated and angry. I jumped at the property as soon as possible. This is not the way to treat potential customers and just people in general. Rude and unprofessional!! I now know not to even bother with this company if I'm truly interested in a property." Not pleased at all with their professionalism. There are many other companies in town--next time I'll stay clear of Allen Tate.  stay  far away from this company." avoid this bunch of bandits at all costs...they awarded my earnest money to seller after financing problem after 10 business days......never let seller pick title...fix always in if something goes wrong..... I don't know how they stay in business there are so many better title companies like Pioneer DO NOT USE THESE PEOPLE. The other reviews are completely right. Stay far far far far away. They are incompetent and useless. You will be so full of frustration when you are done. DO NOT USE THEM. Too bad Yelp makes us give even one star.  use someone...anyone else!" I have dealt with Andrea Kahan and her team at DHI Title on numerous transactions. The main thing that I look for in a title company when closing on a home is response time and fee structure. They excel at both and constantly outwork their competition. I recommend them to all of my clients because of this. "I have worked with Andrea Kahan at DHI title on marketing materials. Their Graphic Arts department does an amazing job on my marketing pieces "Karen at this office is fantastic.  She has a real passion for helping others Karen is fantastic! She is extremely knowledgable in what she does and makes sure that everyone she works with has a smooth transition with their home buying process. I would refer any of my home buying friends to her in a heartbeat. 