Construction Junction is definitely a treasure trove This place even has recycled paint! I used it on my basement walls 'cause it's inexpensive (I needed five gallons). It looks great and seems to hold up well "You guys can't even imagine how much I love Construction Junction right now! After trying to work with a few other groups to pick up our old office furniture and having a heck of a time coordinating various logistical issues  which made for a great new coffee table. The staff is extremely friendly and hard working and CJ is dedicated to donations to charity and the community. I like to frequent this place every month. What a great find. Check it out A new ""reuse"" store has opened in the area nearby. They have more reasonble prices and thier building is heated." The Big Pour doesn't hurt either ;)"  i guess they are so successful that they are becoming arrogant.  here's the rub:  my hubby sent me a picture of a chandelier they had; i did not see the picture until 30 minutes later; by then he had left the store.  i called to BUY the chandelier over the phone.  this has been done before (we WERE construction junction junkies).  the lady adamantly refused to help me. she adamantly refuesed to even listen to a description of the fixture!  she gave the following excuses:"" well  electrical stuff and more for construction projects. Found a matching IKEA office cabinet with one I had for only $20. It was originally $450 and IKEA no longer made it so it was a great find!" probably better for sourcing fixtures for industrial   commercial spaces ..." "This is a great place to find restoration pieces for our old farmhouse.  Just make sure that you measure your doors windows twice before going.  We live about an hour and a half away  so you can come here to sort out your commingled recyclables and then go shopping for a new mantle or some headless manequins. You really never know what you might find." "Construction Junction is one of my favorite places in the city. Since I really like to make stuff  this is your place. Also a great spot to look for used household construction items for refurbishing your old Pittsburgh house. A neat concept I love this place. If you have a project that is on a budget or if you just want to go somewhere to get inspired to start a project than this is the place for you. They have everything here including the kitchen sink.  this is definitely the spot for all of your DIY and home needs!" I easily spent a hour in here just browsing the shelves.  I saw potential in a lot of the items I saw lining their shelves.  And I took a few items home with me.  When I reached the register I was truly floored by the price.  When I say that  open 9-5 daily sunday 10-5-------off n braddock  - past regent square on a side street" "I love this place.  I've come here for the odd bits and bobs--brass casters for a piece of antique furniture (25 cents each)  and file cabinets in mass quantities. Then wonder where all this crap is gonna go in our tiny apartment..."  and I had an item to buy (a filing cabinet). We left empty handed and drove straight to Office Depot  if you're remodeling your house and need to throw those old materials - they have a number of recycle bin where you can simply drop it off." You never know what you are going to find.  The paint is absolutely phenomenal... Wonderful money saver and decent selection of colors.  You can do great crafty projects with their tile selection (May not be enough to tile a large area but good for bathrooms or mismatch).  I bought an amazing new vanity there that would have cost me triple elsewhere.  So fabulous!  the mannequins displayed in around the hot tub....It is more than a place to find home improvement products. It is art. I never thought seeing so many colors of toilets or toilet tanks together (many pastels) would remind me of that. It definitely has the feel and look of Pittsburgh and from the mannequin displays it shows that the employees have personality plus!"  you must go here!  I picked up an old dresser today for $10 its needs the drawer fixed and to be refinished Also  this place is nonprofit and they have an amazing fundraiser every year in September called the Big Pour.  $75 ticket gets you all the beer and food you could want for 3 hours.  Best event in Pittsburgh!" I love this place so much! It makes me want to redo the kitchen and bathroom floors in every apartment I rent with vintage tile. Nowhere else in Pittsburgh can you find recycled building materials next to old furniture waiting to be given a new lease on life and mirrors as large as an entire wall. Construction Junction is a treasure trove! PavTvJ4JSe9rAwjlr-wrsg Just thought you should know."  but I'm so glad the we have a store like this in the city! I'm excited to bring my fiance here and pick out a door. Out storm door could be replaced too. Everything here was soooooooo reasonably priced! Doors under $25 Tip: sign up for the weekly email that gives you inventory updates!"  but it also encourages recycling with its big bins in the parking lot."  the space is huge. Also consider attending their fabulously successful fundraiser  you know you're having a good time when you're over at the Landscape Recycling Center dropping off loads of brush or picking up some moist  plant cuttings). Costs $3-5 for approx. 2-6 paper bags which they turn into 100% natural mulches and composts that you can purchase. The LRC also sells crushed and milled granite and asphalt. Currently they have vintage Broadway Avenue street pavers that ""u-pick"" for .50 each. All these things can be purchased in small (residential) or large (commercial) quantities. For a reasonable fee ($25 if in 5 mile radius of LRC) they will deliver it to your home. This is a deal! Otherwise you have to load bags or bins of compost/dirt/rocks into your car. It is a bit disconcerting the first time you go. You drive slowly about a half mile down a winding road. You wait in a ""car line"" (turn off your engine and enjoy the view) until you get to the big stop sign/front of the line. Then you hop out of your car and check out their display area with small samples of their mulches 