 and just about anything else you could want. They also offer tarot readings. Make sure you say hi to the cat (I think his name is Baloo) while your there!"  but never again. I absolutely LOVE this store and can't wait to have reason to go there again." "What a hidden gem in the South Hills. This fun Little store carters to a wide range a spiritual curiosities. You can explore your psychic side with a modest selection of power crystals  but the tumbled stones are buried deep in the back of the store in such gloom you can barely make them out.  They also look like they were tumbled by a lawnmower.  It's such a shame.  I wish they would bring the tumbled rocks out into the sunlight and stock up with some fresh stones.  Other than that though I also LOVE how the shopkeepers don't keep a hawk's eyes on you. Instead they allow you to spend your time browsing the merchandise alone. After all  how to rid your home of evil spirits and I just wish she wasn't closing the store when I was walking in. She was nice enough to stay open until I purchased my salt lamp. I'll return and get my fill of this place and look around for four or five hours."  stones and oils over the phone and have it delivered to a sick relative nearby.  Tell them what who you need it for (e.g. a sick friend) and they will personally construct the gift basket and deliver it if not too far away Worked perfectly for me and--again--they are very nice. Ask for Amy." "" but we did not feel welcome at all :-(" Adorable shop with tons stuff in every corner. There are things small and large all over so make sure to come here with time on your hands because you might just miss out if you are in a rush- there are rooms upstairs too! "Moonstones is a really neat little place in Dormont....you wouldn't expect something like this to be in Dormont. You can spend quite a bit of time in there just looking at all the cool different stuff they have! The people that work there are very nice as well. It's not a place a lot of people go into I feel because they think it's ""weird"" or voodoo lol but it isn't  and you can't beat the price.  All of the staff are always nice and knowledgable.  I also really love that they have a store cat." I am entitled not to be made to feel as a potential thief before I've even made it through the doors. I work in the industry as well and know that before you can accuse someone of stealing  I guess that's ok. My problem is I feel like I was targeted. There was another woman with her purse and they didn't ask her to hold her stuff. There was something I wanted to buy but I ended up leaving after a few minutes of half hearted browsing. It just left a bad taste in my mouth." I wish Moonstones all the best in their business and the abundance that may come!" I've been a customer off and on for years. It's easy to get lost in browsing. Do yourself a favor and check them out. 