"This rating is for the annual Korean Food Bazaar.  This is a fun event and a chance to try some Korean foods and enjoy a late Spring day.  It is always crowded attesting to its popularity.  The food is good and reasonably priced and staffed by friendly volunteers and the proceed go to charity.  It is difficult to find parking on a normal Saturday in Shadyside and with several events ongoing especially difficult.  It is better to park somewhere else and walk in.  There is also a ""garage sale"" ongoing where you can find clothes and various household items.  The food often doesn't last the day so get their early.  It is also a good excuse (if one is needed) to enjoy some of the other Shadyside establishments nearby and make a day of it."  so it's a great way to try out the cuisine if you're not super familiar with it."  and bother as many people as I can with questions about the cuisine.  Clearly no surprise that was the only meal left.  More like 2.5 stars  the day was lovely and the actual church itself is a beautiful structure and it was great seeing all the hard work and dedication that went into this yearly affair."  parking sucks so get there earlier because trying to find a spot seems impossible- there are parking garages areas around walnut street so park there and walk to the church - that seems the least frustrating. It was our first time attending so it was a little confusing at first trying to figure out the event layout and then we got distracted from the food with the awesome little flea market there!  I got a super cute fur cuffed collared denim jacket for only $5! My sister got a coach cross body bag for $10! And some great shirts and sweaters for only $1.  Unfortunately we came too late for what I really came for which was the bibimbap.  The event was supposed to go till 4 and we got there around 1 so they ran out of a lot of food early.  The bulgogi was amazing and the chicken was tasty too but I will admit I was disappointed they ran out of the bibimbap and several other things I was going to get instead but this event was totally worth going.  It's a little spread out so there are lines for food outside but there is also food in the church 1st floor as well as the basement so don't make a rookie move and miss out on checking out those areas before waiting in the huge line outside at the grill.  Next time I'll come early and get my bibimbap!!"  it's great to go to a place that challenges you with the Word of God towards Growth and Maturity." This year celebrates FCC's 15th anniversary so they just held a 3-day celebration.  And...I just officially took steps to become a member.  I begin membership classes next month!  Stop by and give it a go!"  stop by and check us out. Here's the link: http://www.fcc-phx.com/" "I LOVE Faith Christian Center. Come as you are enviroment. Leave undertanding what the Pastor was talking about. I am not perfect and when I go i dont feel judged. Muticultral church  but I highly recommend worshiping with FCC!" Bible teaching church. Church Home for everything. Come as you are type of church. Pastor has down to earth personality. A  this is the best church I've ever been a part of. This church and its members changed my life and my relationship with God. Pastor Moore and Minister Erica break down the Word in extremely simple and relatable messages of the Bible to everyday life that inspire and CHALLENGE you to be the best version of yourself and enriching God's words to others. Worship team is on point. Very authentic relationships from ALL members and extremely welcoming atmosphere. FCC was my church home before I moved away Amazing Church!! Love the family feel and the welcome you get when you walk in the door! :0) Love the sermons each sunday and the way Pastor Chris talks about God!  for I get the impression that this congregation is truly welcoming the ""others"" that feel pushed out of traditional norms of the highly conservative ""church""." "This is church.  Family. Fellowship. Jesus.  This church has a specific vision and everyone knows it. Lead Love Launch.  Lead people to Jesus "This church became our church ""home"" after our first visit. Our kids loved the class and leaders they had from day 1. There is no pretense of perfect people. Just regular people that love God and love those around them. Some of my closest relationships have started here." I will be back to the monastery with my dad. I was lucky to stay two nights with profoundly holly people and have an incredible experience."  peaceful and made you feel you were not in Arizona.  We enjoyed ourselves and I would recommend this place for adults (children make a lot of noise and it's very peaceful here) that appreciate these sorts of experiences .. nice day trip." This is an amazing place and the dedication of the monks to continue the cleanliness and beauty is apparent."  at the foot of Cammelback Mountain.  She was the happiest that I've ever seen her.  Being that she is a lifelong Catholic "I've been here a few times for weekend retreats and to visit friends who were on retreats.  The place is great - secluded amongst Camelback Mountain.  The only downer for me is that I'm a local "I've been here twice so far and highly recommend it! Great place for a retreat 