 with extra fried stuff in a cardboard boat.  You will regret eating it 30 minutes after you finish Maybe she just wanted my positive response. Ok Sarah B. you got it ... now where's my free coke ?" "It's deep fried garbage....it's LOS c'mon what do you expect.....however I have never had better  service was decent here. I tried a piece of my kid's chicken (I only ever get the fish for myself) and was pleasantly surprised to find white breast meat (same chicken texture as chick fil a). A little grimy dining room Service wasn't too bad - nice people.  Too bad a whole bunch of flies started flying around the dining area and prep area I know there are so many good Italian places in Pittsburgh but I just think back so fondly on this day...when me Dad liked someplace I took him :)"  we've never had dessert there b c we get so full of bread and dinner!"  the ambiance were wonderful. I had the eggplant parmigiana and it was good - but different. It was thinly sliced (like deli meat) and wasn't breaded  white pizza. I like the space with exposed brick walls-there are knowledgeable servers. Sometimes it is a bit loud- more noticable when it is empty with a large table nearby. But don't get the wrong impression -it's a great place-consistantly great food." Try the fried calamari ""Roman Style"" for a little kick!"  but I my terrible experience last time isn't enough to say it would be my first pick of places to eat around Carnegie Robinson." I finished up with a coffee.  The parking can be a bit of a challenge on the street My only complaint is that I had to return to Chicago and I am now craving to return to Papa J's.  I hope work sends me out here again sometime soon!!!" The bar was jumping thou never go to the bar." "Terrible service.  Food unremarkable.  Waiter disappeared for 45 minutes to serve larger group due to staffing mismanagement.  Saved his tip by discounting meal after I complained.  All and all  very good better than the fried calamari we had last time." We'll return again to this beautifully lit gem in Carnegie PA soon!" Just as we were finishing our salads our dinners were delivered. Great job Jason! The Fettuccine Carbanara was very good; a thick cream sauce with bacon and ricotta.  In and out in 60 minutes.  Now that is some good service."  there are many other restaurants I would rather eat at." This is a regular go-to for me. I love the food and the service. They always have the wine that I like and the food is always delicious. I suggest trying the flourless chocolate cake in the front of the store (in the section where you can buy stuff to take home). It is sublime and makes you want to go to a special cozy corner just to eat it and revel in its velvety loveliness. P1fJb2WQ1mXoiudj8UE44w san francisco california visitor liked the food and the local is great. I am thinking about relocating to pttsbrgh area. I liked Carnegie because u can stroll down Main street and hit a couple places for lunch. I imagine this place would be crazy busy on friday or saturday night. we ate a lunchtime and it was nice.  left much to be desired.  I don't think I'd have this place on my list of ""musts"" for downtown.  Much better restaurants to visit!"  I was on the fence with my overall impression of Papa J's.  ""A-ok"" probably is the best way to describe it." "Service in this place is poor because of lack of acknowledgment since people working there are ""just"" working . They have nice decor Terrible service...terrible food...this place smells like rotten wet wood  consider Papa Js. They have a great catering menu and are easily able to accomodate larger parties. We had our rehersal dinner for our wedding here and everyone loved the food." Papa J's is expensive and inconsistent.  The ambiance is nice but it doesn't justify the prices.  There are better restaurants in Carnegie.  I don't even care to try it again. All of the good reviews amaze me." "Very good restaurant with very good food at a pretty reasonable price.  We had a birthday dinner here with seven girlfriends. The waitress was very efficient  Ordered the quattro formaggi pizza.  Quite good!!!  Great balance of cheeses.  Not too rich at all.  Crust was excellent too.  Can't wait to come back."  great looking place.. one bad waitress. Prices are about middle of the road for an authentic Italian place The menu has lots of choices and the food is great! The Resturante has been expanded so it's pretty large. The new section has door that they leave open during nice weather which makes for a nice ambience! The bread is great and fresh baked daily! "I have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times. I won't go back. The first time we were there almost 3 hours. It took forever to order and then forever for our food to come and the place was empty. When I complained the manager was very rude and tried to blame us for taking to long to order. It made no sense "Delicious!  Everything I've ever had here was great!  The white pizza is a MUST!  Always amazing!  I'm also a big fan of the chicken piccatta.  The bread that they bring to the table is delicious too!  They have a wide variety of selections on the menu and they also have nightly specials that always sound great!  Their prices are also reasonable.  Overall  fettuccini carbornara with bacon n smoky cream flavor.  Can't wait for the leftovers!!  The white pizza is that star though.  The crust dough is heavenly and the flavor is top shelf.  I don't throw those accolades out easily  specifically the stuffed banana peppers & lentil with ham soup. I think I chose the wrong entree though because I ordered a cod with crabmeat special. The cod was completely tasteless with some crabmeat layed across the top. It all reminded me of boiled fish. Yuck! Note to self. Order the pasta!" "I love this place! The food is always so fresh and delicious. The staff is always friendly ARRIVE EARLY ON SATURDAY NIGHT THIS PLACE PACKED after 6pm" It was just what we were looking for. The service was great. My husband had the veal sausage on green pepper appetizer in the larger size. It was great (spicy) and enough for a meal. I had the stuffed eggplant. That was very good but the sauce could have been a bit heartier. I would definitely go back. Really nice atmosphere and free parking in the back. There are new restaurants that have opened in Carnegie as of late. Papa J's is no longer the only game in town.  Obviously this is the way a simple complaint is handled by management. Appalling!!  Do yourself a favor and frequent any of the other restaurants that are within walking distance of Papa J's. They understand the concept of  customer service." Some of the best chow around--love this place. The bread and salads and soups are great.  I'm saving room for dessert! The display of cakes and pastries at the door was amazing."  I could have easily made what we had with jarred sauce and boxed pasta at home. Classico is better.  And the service was pretty absent to make it even worse... seemed she knew it was terrible and didn't want to deal with it.  Seriously Food was NOT GOOD at all! My husband & I ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time. I ordered a salad & basil pesto cream pasta & my husband ordered the spinach & feta pasta. The salad was just a huge plate of spring mix (nothing else in it) with WAY to much vinegar dressing. My lettuce was drowning in the vinegar. My pesto pasta had no flavor (did not taste like a cream sauce to me) & the pesto was so runny watery & way too much sauce not enough noodles. My husband's pasta had even less flavor than mine. We ate about a quarter of the food & couldn't even finish it. We took it home & it was so bad I didn't even eat my leftovers. And I hate wasting food!! Plus the prices are expensive for the amount of food you get & of course the poor quality. Don't waste your time eating here. There are much better Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh. Looking for a great Italian meal? Look elsewhere."  Papa J's has officially priced itself out of our budget. We ordered 2 salads with gorgonzola and pine nuts and the total was $35.98!!! $18 per salad??!?!? Really?! I was stunned when I saw the bill! It's lettuce "Our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty.  We are not going back.!  The waitress started as attentive "Talk about overpriced. $18 for a fairly basic pasta with some obviously frozen chicken chopped up over it. The latter was terrible  almost never go anywhere else in Carnegie because we like this place so much." Overall - If I were in the area again I would definitely stop in to get some pepperoni bread to go Many trips to Pittsburgh over 20 years.  First time here.  Had the gnocchi special.  One of the best Gnocchi I have ever had.  Pizza was excellent.  Service was great!  the building itself has a certain charm with its high ceiling and the tables draped in white table cloths give it a pristine appearance. Although I thought it was a bit pricy "A unique and great find in downtown Carnegie. My fiance and I came here for a weekend lunch and wanted something different from our usual weekend spots. We had the sausage stuffed pepperoncini's as an appetizer (these are never my favorite and were just OK  we were seated and there was 10 tables that were open! Why the hell was there a wait??? The older man that took us to the table could have done nicer. The bread was great and that was about it. The food was not bad but it was not good." I am hesitant to go back to this restaurant or  recommend it to anyone after tonights dining experience.  I hope this feedback will be beneficial to your business."  he drove into town and I made him get back in he car to go here. Instead if complaining "I gave them 4 stars for two reasons - 1) they do not have fresh pasta and 2) my boyfriend's chicken Abruzzo was dry. The service was attentive and the bread was amazing. My Carbonara was incredible! The main dining room was a nice grotto style reminiscent of Rome; nice for couples and girlfriends catching up on life. I loved the Montpluciano in a carafe  Let me get me some.  This place rocks!!! Went here with the wife and had a great dinner.  Portions are very generous and the food is delicious.  Be prepared to pay top dollar though for the entrees Great restaurant. Had the Eggplant Parmesan and it was very good. Bradley was our server and he was on top of things all the time. Prices are reasonable and the decor is inviting. Can't wait to go back. "We recently decided to celebrate our anniversary at Papa J's. There is a parking lot in the back of the building and the entrance is on the side. The food was perfectly prepared "Had dinner with a friend. My friend ordered veal and they brought him sausage. The waitress was extremely rude. He never did get the correct meal. When We talked to the manager The bottom line for me is that I might stop by here again in the future.  I wouldn't be the person to recommend it but I also wouldn't turn it down.  I feel like the prices were fair for what you got and only wish that the service was a little better." If you remember to save room for dessert - the cakes are all GIANT!  Definitely enough to share (probably with a large table)."  I wrote to the restaurant and received no response."  we all ended up missing our reservations at other events we had planned for after dinner. I'll probably never go back again." A large group of us have enjoyed an excellent dinner for the past three years and each year it gets better and better.  We order entrees from all areas of the menu. The bread and antipasto are exceptional.  Attentive and friendly staff with strong knowledge of the menu. "My husband and I dinned at Papa J's last evening with another couple.  We came equipped with up to $ 14.00 off coupon we had planned to use Worst service of all time. 2 hours for a pizza and had to repeat ourselves to the waiter 5 time throughout the night. Then asked for the bill and was given a bill 3 times the amount ours should have been with a bunch of items that should not be on there. Place is a total joke.  obviously house made.  Every entree in our group was superb.  Chicken and pork dishes wonderful.  Pasta cooked properly and great sauce.  Wait staff were neatly well dressed and extremely cordial.  This restaurant is a must!  Had a great Pecan ball and luscious yellow cake for dessert."  and you can taste that it is. The pasta alfredo was made to order. It was so delicious Always a treat to have dinner at Papa J's ! Been going there for years and the quality is always the best. Always proud to take new peeps to savor the menu delights! Michael from Mt. Lebanon. "Thought it was awesome... first time I've been there and with most of the family...16 of us... they accommodated us well... The sever was very knowledgeable and was fast... as expected since such a big party... Food was great although I over stuffed with appetizers Superb service and food. Parking can be a little tough and this place is a bit pricey. If you can get in and are okay paying a little more you will not be disappointed. Overall an expensive but enjoyable evening. If picking a special "Fantastic gem in Pittsburgh. We were up in Pittsburgh for a family function and looking for a great Italian joint for dinner  I schedule my day around lunch here. The homemade breads are amazing too. Great atmosphere and service make this one of my favorites close to Downtown Pittsburgh."  we had to walk out. Never ever again will we return here. Time to find somewhere else to enjoy my daughters birthday." The food was ok no Complaints  it is sitting at the bar and watching  the male bartender  stand around  doing literally  nothing  while the woman bartender  bust her ass made it a uncomfortable  night especially  knowing  that  they will pull tips not returning  again and shame on the two manager  for not notice  it  we asked is the dressing homemade we were told yes however I have had a number of homemade Caesars and this was deff not. They also topped it off with one crouton? My meal was the chicken breast with bone  in and broccoli. Chicken came out literally the size of chicken nuggets and my broccoli was basically raw and cold. I have three stars because the bread was actually really good and my finances meal was also mediocre. He had the eggplant rolitini and in my opinion it had a weird flavor. We would go back to try the pizza but I wouldn't suggest wasting 50 bucks on this meal." "Literally just walked out after waiting at our table for 15 minutes with no server in site. We were never even offered drinks. It was embarrassing! Others came in after us ans were serves. Not us. Your food may be good This place is wonderful. My husband and I had our first date here so that's why we chose this place for our rehearsal dinner. The food is phenomenal. They were so accommodating for the guests we had that had allergies. They recommended various ways for us to save money like bringing our own wine and dessert. They were incredibly attentive and everything was just perfect. I can't say enough good things! Every time we come here the food is wonderful and the staff polite and helpful. We will definitely continue to keep coming back here for years to come! QVZBd_eu0oJ4IN0md2XPTQ Im pretty sure my boyfriend and i will be going back." Love the BYOB!!! ($5)."  it practically reaches exceptional.  The dining room is clean and nicely modern.  The service is friendly.  I don't think I've ever had a bad experience." Everytime I eat at this location I end up with a sick stomach.  I don't have that problem at other Arby's.  The dining area is clean and everything else seems ok but I always get a sick stomach.  Maybe they should relook at their food prep.  which explains the mediocre rating.  Do not go here without a coupon from the Sunday paper--there's a whole page of them at least once a month.  The staff here is very nice and very fast  but they threw in a two liter just for our trouble. Also great for takeout or grabbing a slice at lunch time."  their gourmet Italian food is what they're known for. Now we know what to order next time. My boyfriend said the scene on the inside was very old fashioned and homey Maietta catered our party and they provided wonderfully delicious food at a great price.  The food was delivered promptly and it was an amazing treat.  I would use them again in a heartbeat.  this pizza place is in very limited company with Sam's Sun Sandwiches also on Brownsville road.  Extremely tasty pizza dough  but I've told so many people about it that I have a hard time getting a reservation.  I've known Jonathan (chef owner) for a few years and he's done some good improvements.  He's added a bar upstairs which is very cool and they also have a patio that's great.  I had a dinner party there in the summer and have another one planned in March and Jonathan totally goes the extra effort to make it special.  He arranged for a dj last time "I gotta give my man Jonathan kudos for some recent changes he's implemented.  The upstairs now has a menu with smaller lighter items for the bar.  I can now finally go here and just grab an app' at the bar without having the customary food coma afterwards after his multicourse feast.  He's upgraded the staff and kept the pro's from the past (marney and errol).  Steve and Clint are good newer additions as server and bartender.  This is only my second 5 star review  but the service was stunningly bad.  Water glasses stayed empty for almost 15 minutes!  Ordered 5 dishes  or you might be stunned when you are handed the check. But if you love food and money is no object "Wow!  I never expected a great meal like this in Pittsburgh.  The food was some of the best Italian I have ever had in a restaurant.  All the people in our party can't wait to go back.  Unfortunately we are all in NY.  One warning... The neighborhood is not very nice Great food and Jonathan is one heck of a good guy. Tons of fresh specials!!! "Took my son out on  a recent visit to Pittsburgh second visit for us.  If you love Italian food and cost is not a issue then this is the place.  The appitizers were enough to fillyou up.  We had the stuffed meatball which is the size of a softball.  Melt in your mouth.  The pasta courses have alway been right on.  FOr main course we have tried several  the cheese had a sharp bite and a drizzle of truffle oil made it all come together. Be prepared to sit for two hours for the entire meal. Large TVs in the upstairs dining room show the Godfather movies without the sound The wait staff was great.  Our server was Emmett and we had a lot of fun with him.  The owner chef even came out and chatted with us on the upstairs outdoor patio."  don't be fooled into thinking that because the place is in a war-zone and it's small that you'll get a good deal.  It was also one of the more expensive meals I've had in some time.  So "This is my second review of Alla Famalgia and again this place gets five stars. I loved every part of my meal. I started out with the twelve ounce stuffed meatball and the truffled mushroom appetizers. The waiter invited me to watch as the mushrooms were being prepared at the kitchen counter. There I chatted with the chef as he prepared my app. Explaining as he went on  heavy in our hearts!" "I was in Pittsburgh my home town for a recent stay.  Alla Famiglia is the best restaurant I have been to in the Burgh.  It was consistent with the type of upscale dining I have gotten used to in Boston and I was pleasantly surprised.  The area surrounding the restaurant does not seem to be the safest locale  was stellar.  We are known for very good restaurants in Boston and this restaurant could be in Boston or NYC it is that fantastic!  I would highly recommend going here if you have a special occasion 1_jp_aTjqF4NaumpMRpyCw  Alla Famiglia is consistently the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. Try it if you have not Incredible Italian food. Mushroom appetizer is just phenomenal. So is the mozzarella cheese. Great fish. Expensive but worth it!  this isn't Fatheads.  I suppose the yinzer roots can't be completely ignored. In some ways it's charmingly Pittsburgh."  I was so full at this point I took 2 bites out of my Veal and couldn't go anymore Haven't really added much to the raves from previous patrons...just had to chime in our hearty AMEN of agreement. Love everything about this place. Thank you Jonathan...and all of your staff for an awesome dining experience."  if you don't mind unbuckling a couple notches in front of your dining companion  and business partners (many who do not live in Pittsburgh) here and everyone absolutely loves it and wishes they lived in Pitt so they could come here more often.  In fact  but it is worth every penny and we will be going back."  as you will be served multiple courses! The vodka pasta you are given is AMAZING. You also get salad and bread with two dips oil. Entrees are well-sized and you'll probably have the leftovers ever after gorging on all of the mini meals that come before the entree. I do not eat beef... until i go to alla famiglia and order the meatball appetizer. That's saying something I really cannot wait to go again." "Spent the weekend in the city with some friends. This was our first time to Alla Famiglia.  Unbelievable!!!  We enjoyed everything.  If you are looking for high quality food with a great friendly staff  my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. I would highly recommend a visit This is one of if not the best meals I have ever had.   I have only gone as part of work functions (about 3 different occasions) and every time we get the upstairs private room.  The service is fantastic.  I always have the Veal Chop Milanese which is AMAZING.  They also have a delicious pasta as an appetizer which has a little spice to it.  You will not find a better meal in Pittsburgh.  I have no idea what the prices actually are as I have never paid but it is definitely very pricey.  The neighborhood is real grimey but don't let that dissuade you from going there. qUeBDN0D8SC93KeAHhiL-g  so we pretty much got everything on the menu and not one thing stuck out really good.  Service is incredibly slow.  Not worth it at all.  Even if you tell yourself that atleast the portions are large The quality of the food was impeccable and the 5 course presentation was really enjoyable...  Oh and dessert was to die for; Belgium chocolate gelato in a fresh waffle cone and the creamiest NY cheesecake you ever had with a hint of orange zest..." Wow... This was not just a dinner it was an amazing experience.  From the moment you walk in they treat you like you are family. The bartender up stairs was an encyclopedia of knowledge on the beer and spirits he had. Then there is the dining experience. By far the best food ive ever had i drove from ohio just to dine here and it was worth every penny and every mile.  we find every excuse we can to continue to come here.  It is still the best restaurant in the 'Burgh." When we are in the area  and the flounder...It is expensive but well worth the money I really enjoyed my experience at Alla Familigia so maybe it wasn't such a coincidence they placed The Terminator's Mr. Universe pic in the restroom...because... I'll be back." Although we were seated in the absolute worst table in the place ( in front of kitchen doors) we had a good experience. The food was good but wasn't WOW'ed by any of it."  they had better either have impeccable service like the Capital Grille or Ruth Chris' or to die for food.  Sadly Alla Famiglia let me down on both accounts here as the food was good and the service average." We were ready to eat. I dug into the bread on the table and thoroughly enjoyed the holy oil dip. So much so that I didn't even bother with the other two spreads. The menu was very veal heavy. I guess that's their specialty but not what I was looking for. I chose the filet gorgonzola. Our first course was salad. Served family style this salad was savory and sweet with raisins and gorgonzola on the side. Then we waited  gives this two stars. Save your money and stay in town. I would probably send you to the (gasp) Olive Garden before I referred you here."  I would highly recommend stopping by and being transported to a country far far away" Really good.  So good that I ate till I looked like I had a food baby in my stomach.  Pretty?  No.  Completely worth it?  Yes."  it's a restaurant you have to visit if your in the area at least once given you are willing to spend for your meal. $$$$ but you absolutely get what you pay for." "Ala Famiglia is hands down my favorite Italian haunt of all time! If you are entertaining guests "Absolutely incredible restaurant! It is by far my favorite restaurant in the city. Everything about this place is fantastic especially their Veal Chop Milanese  I expect to be treated like I'm spending $160 at your restaurant. Despite how great the food was Just recently returned. PHENOMENAL meal! Glenn our waiter was superb. Loved the veal dishes.  I also enjoyed the new cocktail menu. One of the drinks was iced coffee with orangicello and frangelica cream. DELICIOUS! If you like Italian food then this is a must!!" Bottom line - this is the proverbial no-brainer "Always an amazing meal...If you are a going to complain about the bill or having to wait 20 minutes while you have a drink "The food was delicious. But it is a ridiculously expensive restaurant. If you're intimidated by spending $100 or more on a complete meal for 1 person  my favorite dinner choice is the veal del monzu with pine nuts lemon and crab- of course the pasta is amazing with the vodka sauce and oil Possibly the best Italian Restaurant I've ever been too.  The Vodka Sauce was phenomenal.  I finished the evening with a  Fernet Branca.....perfection. I am NOT interested in ever going back!"  soupy mess. I wanted to cry when I saw it.. then I tasted it and really wanted to cry. It was gross. This is the last dish I would have ever ordered had I known how it was presented. I looked around at my date who had a massive veal tenderloin in front of him and I was so jealous.. wishing I had went with my first instinct - the pasta - or even the Halibut.. anything that wasn't drowning in a spicy red soup. I just hope that staff read this and never recommend this dish to a first-timer.. especially someone who enjoys seafood they can actually TASTE that isn't drowning in some spicy tomato sauce. If this dish wasnt so awful Great service. Amazing food. A true 5 star place for Pittsburgh."  but it is worth it!  I don't know when we'll be back simply because of how expensive it is Awesome Italian cookery! Very fine food with perfect wine selection. Me and my friend ordered the meatball as the appetizer. For entree we had a meat pasta and a pork shank! The pasta are really thick and nicely stretched and the sauce is yummy as well! The pork is of high quality and braised so appropriately that it still tastes great after getting cold. We also had two desserts: the banana n coconut pie and the tiramisu! Both desserts are served w cream and taste fantastic! The pie has a very banana-ish texture with pieces of coconuts in it. And the house special tiramisu is made from raspberries and almonds instead of espresso or coffee. The two of us usually need one or two boxes for leftovers but the food here is so delicious so we ate them all. I will definitely come here again! I think everyone in the 'burgh should try this place at least once  but I won't likely be back.  Oh I cannot believe that I had not been here before  so do not be tempted by the bread early. My fianc and I shared two appetizers and an entree. The entree also gives a huge bowl of salad and penne alla vodka. This was so much food The only negative was the long walk down the steps through the many other diners after too much wine. It can be challenging! So  so don't let this discourage you.  They have Valet as well This might be one of my all time favorite restaurants and I plan to come here again (most likely for an occasion that warrants the cost)."  and Italy. No wonder there are pictures of celebrities all over the walls. What a hidden gem. $260 for two? Money well spent." qUeBDN0D8SC93KeAHhiL-g  without being overbearing. The wait staff was very attentive and friendly. I will say that it is not a cheap restaurant (entrees started at $50)  I felt so miserably full afterwards. I think the things that come with the meal are far better than the meal itself. I really enjoyed the warm bread and the salad with candied walnuts. Family style pasta was included as well This is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  The atmosphere is only outdone by the quality of the food.  Order the veal chop.  Phenomenal experience and the only place I recommend to every person that visits Pittsburgh! Without question the best Italian Food I have devour! Everything they make is simply delicious! I can't really write a 3 paragraph essay when there is one word.... Perfect - you may never own a Bentley! But you can eat as if you own one!  t great. Felt a little rushed through our meal even though it was a slow night." And don't miss the tiramisu. As good as it gets." My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Always delicious and I always order a different entree. The accompaniments to the meal are perfect. Every. Single. Time. Love this place! Let that sink in. Go eat here." We really wanted to love Alla Famiglia.  Perhaps we'll try one more time and hope our experience is better." You have to experience at least once."  but were available to answer questions and assist us when needed.  I would recommend making reservations well in advance and trying to get one of the tables upstairs - a more quiet and intimate setting From the appetizer to the meal itself everything was great. Our server Bob was informative and detailed in explaining the menu a great addition to this establishments. There was a wonderful staff that I would go for to my surprise the last time I went I was disappointed the wonderful staff he had was gone I was not happy with my last experience and it was not as homey and family oriented as it was before food wasn't that great either! Not happy about the new staff. Also over heard the owner using racial slurs and provocative terms that just made my stomach turn for these reasons I will not be returning! Excellent food!!!!! Very expensive but you do get very high quality food and plenty if it. The portions are huge. It kind of seems out of place in its location but whatever I hope to have the opportunity to go back and I will not be seated in the third floor bar area and I will not get my same waitress and give it another try.  I expected so much more." For our entrees Chris had the veal chop (holy mother this thing had to weigh 5 pounds! And it was PERFECTLY cooked). And I very much enjoyed the mahi. We did not even remotely save room for dessert. The best part ofall of this was that we had enough food to have a complete meal the next day for three people. The portions are THAT generous. But oh that pasta. My mouth waters just thinking about it!" Definitely an experience.   Make sure you save room for many courses    High class.  Perfect for a anniversary dinner or date night.   Salads where amazing fresh and crisp.  Pasta coarse was delicious. Waiters were attentive but not overwhelming.  Bar service was friendly and gin martini was strong but delicious.   Fabulous restaurant This is hands down the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  The food has been consistently perfect.  The service is amazing.  The drinks are big.  They are planning an expansion to increase table space.  Jonathan knows the business and is the best in town.  The veal chop is the signature dish with several preparations.  Every dinner is complimented with salad and vodka pasta that is a meal in and of itself.  The meatball appetizer cannot be skipped.  It is stuffed with mozzarella and topped with Parmesan cheese.  Jonathan Also has the restaurant in Peters Twp which is a smaller version of Alla Famiglia but still very good! I was too full for dessert.  I will definitely be back. It is a great place for a celebration or when you want a meal to savor. The owner walked around and talked to tables and even brought out our meals.  Our dinner for two was around $150 and we had cocktails. This place is worth the splurge."  I mean really really well done.  The The Veal Chop Milanese is off the hook and the portions are giant. The pasta is superb.  The cheesecake is absolutely fantastic and I may inquire on the recipe for that one. If you have a chance this is a must do." The meatballs were great.   The fresh mozzarella was fantastic.    Oh and the veal!   Every entree was a winner!  Even the house salad was great."  and believe me they were packed. He was very accommodating. The bartender Josh was amazing and just as good with the food menu as he was with the drink menu. Staff was polite We will make a point to go back more and more often."  nothing spectacular. Spaghetti with clams was covered with red pepper flakes but not noted as such on the menu. Would you like someone to cover your pizza slice with red pepper flakes without asking? I'm sure the deserts are good but we didn't have any - but the sizes of the appetizers and entrees is just over the top This is the perfect place for a great meal with great service for any function or just date night!"  I would probably get it without the sausage. It was delicious but I'm not much of a sausage person.There were so many other things that we could've ordered it was hard to decide. You really feel like you are at someone's house when you're eating there. I would only want to sit in the front room to see the kitchen.  We still were able to bring our own wine there like so many years ago. We will be back again very soon. If you have never been here... you definitely need to go. And  if you haven't been in a while you need to get back there." "What an awesome spot that my family and I visited for my birthday! I'm so glad my friend recommended it. They have courses that come with your meal and they are all delicious. The salad is meant for sharing "My family ate here last night and have nothing but amazing things to say!!! From the veal my mother and father ate to the seafood diavolo that my brother and I ate... everything was perfection! The vodka sauce is the best I ever had!! I love the family style 4 course meal. It isn't Bucca di Beppo My only regret is that I did not know this place existed previously.  Worth every penny and then some.  I can't wait to go back."  some are good.  Alla Famiglia is a step above all the rest.  Every bite of my meal was perfection.  You won't be disappointed.  It's pricey Absolutely fabulous!  Device is superb.  Food was second to none.  The staff did not rush you thru your meal.  Highly recommended!  we had to take it home and it is to die for) then they brought out a pasta dish with vodka sauce .(which is also to die for) and for the main course I had the cowboy steak Gorgonzola. Which absolutely changed my life. And my girl had the linguini del mare. Which she said was very good. This establishment is not only one of the best in the region I will say the service was a 5 star quality and the food was good. To be honest I'm not sure if I'll go back or recommend to others like it was recommended to me. Based on all the other reviews I'm guessing it was just a off night...." I made reservation and still the table was not ready. I am definitely not going to the place again." On a business trip here for the first time and found this place via Yelp.  Amazing food!! Great service!! Rivals NYC's Little Italy!  Delicious!   Definitely on the top of my re-visit list.  I am a person who generally doesn't like to go to Italian restaurants--I don't really like pasta and I've had so much Italian food in my life--but if you live in or are even just visiting Pittsburgh Fabulous food and wine selections. Love going here for special occasions. Every single thing we've ordered has been excellent. The hot pepper infused olive oil to drizzle on the pasta is so yummie - you can buy a bottle to take home as well!  don't mess with the red stuff or a whole gaggle of Terrible Towel waving Yinzers will open a can of whoop ass on ya!" Heinz ketchup and pickles are terrific.  It isn't worth trying to save a nickel with watery condiments. "Heinz products are a staple of the US pantry - even though the famous tomato ketchup is loaded with corn syrup - kids love it all the same.  Heinz ""57"" sauce  the sauce on most of the pasta is described as 'mama's gravy' and it's a great red sauce.  The lobster ravioli are great as is the gnocchi. The staff is great too.  When its nice out  but my party and I came here. It's quite small but it was BYOB and the food was amazing! I had the ahi tuna special and it was fresh and delicious. Everyone else seemed very pleased with their meals as well. I'd love to eat here again if I had another chance to go to Pittsburgh. Staff was also very friendly despite finding out I was from Michigan and a Red Wings fan."  and the service is tremendous.  The prices are also very reasonable.  I literally crave the food from Legends....you must check this place out!" "So Pittsburgh! This is such a neighborhood gem! We took my grandmother here for her 82nd birthday and had such a good time. Nothing too fancy I have loved Legends since it first opened.  Superior food and good service. Try it. This is the last restaurent I took Mom to before she passed away. She loved it also. "Decided to hit this place before hitting on 12 while the dealer shows a 9 at the Rivers.   We didn't have a reservation but the server seated us anyways (we had to be done by 7).  It is BYOB but they deal you a $4 corkage fee per person drinking.  The bread sticks were fresh and warm and were the perfect accompaniment to the delicious soup du jour  so I could check it out for my sister.  We are going to make reservations to have dinner to honor her later in August at Legends.  We all enjoyed our lunches.  The staff was great.  I'd make reservations on a weekend night.  The place is small Very good home style Italian... Very friendly staff. You should bring a bottle of red to go with your dinner... Worth it!  not trendy and tempermental. Greens & beans rock! Dining here is as if your best friend invited you to tag along to Sunday dinner at his chef Uncle Nino's place. BYOB of Chianti to pair with the solid unpretentious food in a modest setting with a nostagic wait-staff. Long before the open kitchen concept became a hot topic  friendly service. I would definitely go there again." "I definitely love this place!  A fantastic example of a little neighborhood restaurant just serving perfect hand-made food and getting it right.  The food is so savory and just melts in your mouth.  You can't go wrong with the specials.  My only complaints (which are minor) are that parking can be a bit of an issue (street parking only) and for the love of god I love going here on a whim. So if you're looking for a great new place to go tonight Maybe this is not good for a 1st date but its good for a great meal or  a casual 4th date for when the food matters more than the looks." It is BYOB but beware of the corkage fee per person."  particularly if friends family were at AGH (directly across the street)." Oh and to top it off the $4 person corkage fee is outrageous." Would I come back?  If someone really wanted to.  But I have a hunch there's way better Italian places to dine at in the Burgh...so now I'm on the hunt!  I gotta connect with my roots  and I felt the same for the spaghetti and meatballs (made in house from the meatball to the pasta). I feel that when you go to an Italian restaurant you can judge how well they cook based on classic dishes. I couldn't stop eating the spaghetti and meatballs though I felt full half way through. I thought the meal was overall good though not anything spectacular and pricey for what it was - ~$18 ($17 for spaghetti and meatballs and $.99 for the greens and beans plus some tax). Maybe if they knocked a few bucks off to $13 or $14 or so it would be more reasonable imho. Also points are deducted for the corkage fee of $4 per person There are much better options nearby Quaint and romantic with great food. I get consistently good service and there is a great neighborhood feeling that I enjoy about Legends. Really worth the visit.  and I have to say this place brings a lot of flavor and awesome hospitality. I love the creativity the chef's put into their  food for us to enjoy. This is definitely a good place for a romantic date or catching up with friends." We've been by for lunch which is very competitive price wise with nearby restaurants." I am curious how this place will do with all the new development in the Northside. I hope it only helps them!" This small restaurant is a gem in an up and coming neighborhood.  We walked from the Priory Hotel on a beautiful March evening." "Service is friendly and quick! Everything comes at a timely manner and all the food is fairly priced. Although it's a little small OK so another winner in this neighborhood besides Nicky's.  The Penna Parma was outstanding and the Parm crusted salmon over whole wheat artichoke ravioli with a white basil sauce on special tonight was a great combo and wonderfully executed.  Katie our server was professional AND personable and only added to our outstanding meal.....then there were the Pittsbugh natives seated nearby who were friendly and delightful to visit with.   WOW what a place.  The only downside is that its a little tight inside and a little loud but don't let that stop you!  Well worth the trip!  a solid place for homecooked Italian eats. I would sprint back to Legends just for that ravioli! Mangia!"  I didn't get much work done that afternoon because I could barely move." "This is a really small restaurant and is BYOB. The servers are friendly and the food was good. I ordered two appetizers (small plates) which were very good - greens and beans and then muscles. The flavours were both good legends is losing a star. for being closed for lunch on Saturdays! who does that? Would I go back? Most likely not. There are far too many other Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh that I would like to give a try."  but I was quite satisfied with my own dish. My coworker who ordered the eggplant parmigiano really enjoyed her dish as well." Overall I would come here again but maybe I'd stick with a staple like chicken parmigana."  and it was a really pleasant environment. We had a great time and I would highly recommend Legends to anyone looking for a fabulous Italian dinner." Friendly wait staff.  This would be a five-star if they were able to serve adult beverages." q_BKmbdlYfQJroJVHfYMUQ q_BKmbdlYfQJroJVHfYMUQ "I've eat'n here a few times over the last couple of years and have been very pleased with both the food and service every time.  I most recently was there on this past Saturday The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again.  I was very happy with all of the food that we had and also loved that the prices were good for the quality of food that they were serving."  not a nice Italian restaurant. I decided to order the Penne Vodka with prosciutto and the wedding soup. The soup was nothing memorable. I enjoyed the crisp bread (foccacia) and oil better. When the entree's arrived  I really wanted to try this place again.  Our first visit last year was great and there were more items on the menu I wanted to try.  It did not disappoint!  We had Italian Wedding soup that was wonderful and my wife just had to try to re-create this when we got home.  Their greens and beans is a special treat The downfall was when we got the check. The specials were both $30+. They were good - but not that good! You can find great Italian food elsewhere and skip the $100 tab."  and the atmosphere was warm and contemporary.  I will try something else next time  cozy place.  Love the complementary homemade fudge - a nice touch."  soup 4 stars. Average is a 3 - not rushing back but I'd clearly have lunch there again Sorry. Didn't do it for me.  Can't even imagine coming here for dinner with a bottle of wine. Would be awful.  I wanted to give it 2 stars but felt a little generous today. Plus Fantastic! Best veal parmesan I've ever had. What a great place to stop for a good meal before a Pirates game.  ever had a bad meal.  The service is usually very good.  My only complaint was that last time they were out of wedding soup and that is my absolute favorite :)  Keep up the good work!" Got the ravioli and chicken special at the waitresses recommendation and it was unreal. Some of the best Italian food i've ever had  wow you people don't know food if you left a negative remark! Our food was phenomenal. The service was phenomenal. No it isn't a super fancy place  and raved about it to friends. Never again Been there three times and each time it got better.  Most recent dinner was with a party of 14.  A large crowd for a smal place but they made it work.  Everyone was extremely pleased with their meal.  The lobster ravioli & salmon specials were top notch.  The service was even better than the food if that is possible.  Best restaurant in the burgh & it's BYOB to boot.  Make sure you have reservations. So not and everyday place. It's hard to get a 5 with me. Go 4.5 if I could." Great food- don't be fooled by the exterior. Had a great lunch there. The antipasto salad was delicious. Enough lettuce and some antipasto thrown in to make it a great salad.  I loved that they gave us complimentary fudge at the end of our meal.  but we had a great staff and an excellent meal.  Highly recommend the vodka sauce and the pasta fagiole." q_BKmbdlYfQJroJVHfYMUQ Their food was mediocre at best. If you want excellent Italian in a small intimate restaurant I have been here several times and never disappointed. The food is very good and  loaded with garlic. A great little Italian inspired restaurant right next to AGH. Fresh italian dishes that surprised us with flavor. Small interior and friendly staff make you feel welcome. They offer daily specials. Fantastic desserts and complimentary homemade fudge was offered at the end of our meal. Blackened shrimp pasta was amazing! Mussels and shrimp linguine and spaghetti were also enjoyed during our visit. Just go and enjoy!  and they give you fudge at the end of the meal. Very homey feel to this place!" All in all one of my favorite dining spots on the North Side for a special occasion." We enjoyed our meal and had very good service."  i say it was just perfect. I would totally recommend this joint to my friends This will be a regular stop whenever we are in the burg for sure.  Don't let the area scare you away - well worth the trip and the hassle of finding a parking space that is not restricted.  Just go there and enjoy!" The food was great from start to finish. We started with the hot antipasto and the greens & beans My 2 friends are having their rehearsal dinner here and I know we won't be disappointed! Thank you Legends!" They bring out bread with this delicious olive oil and seasoning to start you off. The salads were pretty good from what I remember. The entrees were completely satisfying. I got the chicken fettucine alfredo and it was pretty good but nothing to write home about. The legends is not the best Italian food I've ever had but it was damn good. The dessert was amazing I have been here a few times and it is always great! Great food and great service. I am going to a rehearsal dinner here soon and I cannot wait! "Went for the first and last time tonight. Made reservations for 3. Restaurant thought we said 2 and acted like we lied. $12 corkage fee for 1 bottle of wine. Asked to leave when we finished eating "Love the ""cozy"" atmosphere. They keep it simple but the food is delicious. I've gone a few times and have had great service each time. Only complaint is that the prices can be rather expensive for the basics "Legends is a an old style American-Italian restaurant. The restaurant is so small and they have a problem with managing customers. People who came in with reservations waited for at least 20 minutes to get seated to their tables. Other people who walked-in were seated immediately if they promise ""to eat in less than an hour"" I guess they have reservations for other people for the same table but they want to get customers anyway. I was able to witness all of that because I was seated on the bar table which has the cashier host. The food was less than average. I tried 3 different orders + desserts Won't be back anytime soon." Legends is that nice neighborhood restaurant that I probably forget about too often. Simple Italian food at a good price. It's also BYOB which is a bonus!  very good but not great.   I would recommend this place for lunch if you were looking for something causal" the menu is always fresh  also only have 2 kind of dressings; Balsamic and ranch. Soups could have been a bit more full in the cups. I had the fettuccine Alfredo  but overpriced for the setting and ambience. I would recommend and I may go again. Also  our night out was very enjoyable. Reservations worked. Service was friendly. We weren't rushed out. Food was plentiful and very good. And bonus  I ordered the special which sounded divine.  Blackened ahi tuna with two different kinds of ravioli asparagus and mushrooms topped with artichoke hearts covered with a cream sauce.  Well when the dish arrived I thought it was my dinner companion's meal because all I saw at first was the ravioli.  My friend was confused as well because she thought the fish  must make reservations because it fills up. BYOB. And my meal was delicious. Maybe it was the atmosphere because it was an anniversary dinner for my husband and i  also only have 2 kind of dressings; Balsamic and ranch. Soups could have been a bit more full in the cups. I had the fettuccine Alfredo Great spot if you're looking for a quality Italian meal. Food is always fantastic and consistent. Highly recommend the chicken parm - large portion and very tasty. BYOB is a nice bonus. Good spot before a concert or sporting event. Be sure to make a reservation. Been here a few times.  Decent place that always rates 3-4 stars The best place in the world.  I love the special board but always come back for mommas gravy. Service is experienced and super nice.  Chef Dan has an open kitchen that you can watch him create.  You will love this place.  Ps save room for his home made deserts.  Actually home made! "Wonderful neighborhood Italian restaurant.  BYOB.  Food is delicious and many dishes are family recipes.  Greens & Beans are the best in the city!  As is the hand made spaghetti & meatball with Mama""s gravy.   Deserts are also homemade so save room!  Service is very friendly which suits the atmosphere.  I love this place so much "Wonderful neighborhood Italian restaurant.  BYOB.  Food is delicious and many dishes are family recipes.  Greens & Beans are the best in the city!  As is the hand made spaghetti & meatball with Mama""s gravy.   Deserts are also homemade so save room!  Service is very friendly which suits the atmosphere.  I love this place so much  but I walked out having had the best pizza experience since I've been in Pittsburgh.  The atmosphere was that of a small Next year when I am on a business trip to Pittsburgh I will most likely return." I eat in Market Square a lot and this is my favorite place to get slices of traditional red sauce pizza out of any pizza place in the area.  I am still partial to Fat Tommy's for white pizza although I haven't ordered white pizza from La Gondola yet.  I have never found La Gondola's pizza slices to be greasy and the crust is perfectly crisped on the bottom and just the right amount of chewy otherwise.  Good quality food and yummy!!  I personally love the crumbled sausage topping.  They also have incredibly awesome homemade Wedding Soup (seasonal I think) - a definite must have when I see that they are serving it.  The staff is always friendly and prompt.  Give them a try!!  because I don't think I would have ever checked this place out by just looking at it from the outside  not the best in Pittsburgh but it is CLEARLY the best in downtown. The boy and I were talking about the number of pizza places downtown that have made us sick and how we thought it was a shame that we consider a place good by the fact it doesn't make us sick. That's the sad reality of it. However  the place was packed with only a few open seats left so it would appear that the secret is out." Great pizza. Can get it by the slice which is nice for lunch. This is a favorite in market square.  and I was happy with the overall experience.  Both the cooks and the waitress were friendly."  ""nothing in our restaurant is canned.""  I LOVED his response. I truly enjoyed my pizza and I'll be back for more.  My only disappointment was that they were out of their tiramisu but I am excited to try it soon."  your money won't go farther for better food anywhere in Market Square."  the toppings were very generous. Definitely will be back to try more menu items. Price was great!"  which isn't a bad price.   I suppose I should try the pizza  but pretty decent stuff.  A slice for $2.50 in downtown? I'll be back." "Came here two days before Christmas. Looking for a place the family could get a quick slice. Wow! We were surprised. Not only was the pizza phenomenal  even average in temperature. I wouldn't go out of my way for a slice of pizza here. But I wouldn't put up a fuss if I was with a group and they wanted to go. But I'd probably opt for one of their tasty sandwiches or maybe try one of the pasta dishes over the pizza."  Sergio is also the chef.  He makes everything from scratch except the pasta.  But he buys only  imported Italian pasta.  He makes his own mozzarella cheese and grates it fresh for each order   He has a secret menu of low carb "I wanted pizza but there was nowhere particular I wanted to go. I have eaten at every pizza place in downtown and none of them has really wowed me. I happened to stumble across them walking through Market Square when I saw a customer looking excited to go in we nearly bumped into each other. The staff were super friendly & personable. We chatted about other restaurants in the area. The owner actually takes pride in his food.  When he said this will be the best seafood pizza I've ever had I laughed I love it- some of the best slices in Pgh!  Large New York size slices- killer wedding soup!  too.  Outdoor seating is great and you have a good view of the square.  One of the best slices you'll find downtown."  as I mentioned--there's always something to be said for service with a smile.  On the flip side They have a very large menu including desserts. Not sure if I want to stray away from my spinach and white pizza but those mozzarella covered fries are looking pretty tasty." This place is AWESOME...!  THE BEST PIZZA IN PGH....  You have to try the sicilian...  Great prices... Great Family  Buisness... Same Brothers. in the Same Place for Over 36 years!  Their Obviously Doing Things Right.... Check this place out when you go Downtown...  Very Family Friendly. ..  EVERYONE Loves This Pizza.....  5 Stars ! Excellent pizza and admirable service during what was a very busy Friday evening at Market Place in Pittsburgh during the Christmas holiday season.  We had the 4 cheese and white pizzas (the real names are more Italian but memory does not serve).  The mozzarella covered baked fries are out of this world!  Highly recommend. "I tried this place out for lunch and it was an alright place.   Having heard it was some of the best pizza downtown I was excited going in.    When I came in I snagged a seat quickly  but the pizza is average. There are other places in town that I would choose over this one." ** Would be a good family place." Stay away and never look back."  but was a little of the cheap feeling side. The 15 layer lasagna was impressive in size but seamed like it was just 15 layers of the same 3 ingredients. Service was fantastic and the servers where perfect. Overall good place to visit Would still -probably- go back but maybe earlier in the evening when not as busy."  and add the tiramisu I had for dessert (O the glorious carbs--Pump that insulin Bottom line... have kids with you? they will love it... just the adults? find something... anything else... it is going to disappoint."  but they serve food too. i saw the other reviews and they didnt like it. hmmmm. i loved their food. 2 can dine for 25 bucks and itss good." Spag Warehouse is the best value for money in the tri-state area.... damn good food!! Service is lacking and food is mediocre. When I crave Italian this is not the first place I think of. I'll be back for sure.  I am a big fan of the lasagna.  But I also get mozzy sticks sometimes  if you're looking for some good authentic Italian  I'll go back!  Good food  the food is usually good! They have a great menu and service is good."  I really enjoyed the whole meal from start to finish. I suspect true Italian aficionados will be upset that the pasta is cooked through Just my 2 cents.  I wish the food quality and service were better.  I'm glad we found it out now before the rehearsal dinner."  the brushetta was superb and I didn't get to taste the fried ravoli but I didn't hear any complaints from the table. As an entree I had the 4 cheese manicotti which comes with both marinara and alfredo Keep driving to Bloomfield!"  but she flew by each time like we were not there. The zucchini appetizer was good. We only got one loaf of bread which was barely done and came with almost no butter. No ranch dressing...really! This is the Strip District after all with many stores for crying out loud. The food was very poor. The spaghetti and meatballs had about a tablespoon of sauce. The fetticini alfredo was almost devoid of sauce  service was decidedly lacking....  Neat location with fun and interesting decor but I wouldn't eat there again."  and cheese ravioli. The prices are right. This is a great family restaurant.  The kids are given a wooden nickle to turn in at the front desk for a candy stick  I ordered the wild mushroom pasta with chicken. The sauce was really disgusting. I found myself eating only the pieces of chicken breast.  I brought this meal home because my husband isn't as picky as I am "Spaghettie warehouse server Will just spilled my meal on the floor and it spilled all over my coat. The manager Megan came over and made me feel like it was my fault The restaurant decor was really nice when they last decorated it in 1981 carissa.p@meatballs.com" The redeeming parts of this dinner was the decor & old fashioned coin operated games AND the mystery show.  I've never been to one & was really excited.  They started after we ate our entrees & intermissioned during dessert.  The actors were super funny & interactive -- my students loved them which of course makes me happy.  Seriously though  but they always have deals and specials which makes it a great place for a family outing or lunch with friends. I mostly love the atmosphere of the place. I will admit  but the food was overpriced and pretty meh. I had the tiramisu which is one of my favorites to get and it was horrible. It tasted like it came out of a Walmart freezer on clearance. Won't be coming back anytime soon." The prices are extremely low OaUH2revm7E4pd4a40kMgQ The food left much the be desired. The service was the worst I've ever encountered. I don't usually leave complaints on restaurant websites but I had to leave one for this terrible visit. They gave us a coupon for a free appetizer. Needless to say we did not return to redeem it."  but I don't think I'll return again unless I have a coupon or I'm bringing a child to enjoy the trolley or bed rooms." I guess what I'm trying to say is....beware when placing to-go orders.  It's probably best to call ahead.  The service here is hit or miss on a daily basis  bread and salads are all delicious and are great additions to any meal. It's worth walking around the entire place if it isn't too busy to look at the artwork  I didn't like the atmosphere. We went there on a Saturday night and there were only a few people and by 10 o'clock we were the only table left." The place is living off memories:  I don't think it is creating any new (positive) ones."  stuffed mushroom appetizer was simple but very good and the 15 layer lasagne was very rich and hearty. The hostess was a ditz. He seated a couple before us that we arrived before and then seated us at a table that was inconvenient with a post  AWFUL service.  2 stars bc I love carbs so damn much." This place is fun and full of neat stuff to look at. Good food not busy at all during lunch time on a Monday. Not sure what it would be like when it's packed. Only complaint is why sourdough bread with Italian food? That makes no sense to me. Excited we got to sit in the trolley!  because that's the only thing we consumed for 90 minutes while waiting on our luke-warm dinners to arrive."  put order in shortly thereafter.  We got bread and our soups fairly quickly then sat for an hour without any signs of food.  We looked around the restraint and it was obvious other tables had been waiting and we're getting frustrated.  The waitress apologized the kitchen was slow  and the fans above the bar were in various levels of disrepair. The TV's at the bar were all so old that you'd never choose Spaghetti Warehouse for a place to grab a meal if you were hoping to also catch the game. A small tube TV VCR combo? Even the dive bars that we hangout in are more up-to-date! The cleanliness left a lot to be desired "This is a one time visit. The worst service ever. It was almost empty and twice we had to have someone find our waitress. The food was mediocre at best. The bruschetta appetizer for 4.99 had 4 tiny pieces of bread with some tomatoes on top. Not even shaved cheese  and bread with garlic butter was a good start. I had the manicotti it was very good!!"  my husband and I couldn't remember why we haven't been back. We had purchased a groupon for this place and decided to try it for an early dinner... Our first step in the restaurant and then it hit us on why we haven't returned.. The odd smell hits you at first step in the restaurant   which is supposed to have clams and shrimp in a creamy sauce.  There was only one shrimp in mine and the sauce wasdefinitely not what I call creamy.  My sister sent hers back because it was cold.  I was starved so tried some of mine as still a little warm.  The place is old and outdated I had the Eggplant once my party of 4 was seated.  It was great and so much to take home.  Bar was small but great service even if our waitress was a bit odd.  Every plate at our table was amazing.  and I guess this was just nothing to write home about for me." The atmosphere was pretty cool. It really is warehouse like. Could have been better with a bigger crowd. But the food was pretty bland.  but the highlight for me was the baked ravioli appetizer. It was unique and tasty. I had an overall pretty good experience   and slow. It was like getting waited on by 1st job people. The place smells like bleach. It's tacky too hot. They play pop music and it's supposed to be an Italian place. Not one person there ever smiled and I was treated like a body in a chair not a person wanting to enjoy a meal. Very very slow service and no authenticity in the meals. I suggest eating out of a seafood dumpster if you plan on going here." As much as I hate Olive Garden...I would preferred that."  and had really good food. But that place is gone and now I'm left at this place that is dirty  family owned restaurant and support a family and not a conglomerate." Took two and a half hours to get our food. All our food was the thrown together in the same pan. Not worth the $55. Time to pay and it's a bit of a cluster here because we asked to have the check split.  Things showed up on reversed receipts  because it was cold by the time we got it. I didn't listen to the other reviews and paid the price (literally)... if someone else is saved a crappy SW dinner by this review  which is an absolutely amazing experience! The food is always pretty good and there are deals for certain days of the week that your wallet will thank you for. And let's not forgot to mention the mouth watering sourdough bread and garlic butter! It is so amazing and addictive! The wedding soup is phenomenal! Though Worst place ever.  I took my friend there for the first time and my son.  We waited a hour for food.  The waiter got us out water not our sangria  30 min later out salads and after  another 40 min of my kid begging for his pizza we decided to go.  The reason they messed up the order.  We talked to the manager I'm assuming which didn't really care.  Said hopefully we come back because service isn't usually this bad. Never again. Unprofessional and rude "Our terrible experience began with a 45 minute wait only to find half the tables empty and the table behind us being consoled by the manager after their own bad experience. We hopped this was a one off and not typical. Our waiter was prompt but very aloof  the food here is terrible.  Nothing I had tasted good.  It tasted like it had been sitting under the food warmers for hours.  The service is luke warm at best.  Just skip it.  There's so many other places out there for good italian food." 9mwShpTgZofOujt4JfyGmw "We went here with sixteen people. The only good thing about our visit was having dinner with a bunch of our friends. The service was pretty good to considering the large party. My wife and I got the Sicilian Sampler Appetizer and The Ultimate Feast for two  no way I would pay ""normal"" pricing here."  I have no idea how the Warehouse is staying in business. Spend a few extra dollars and go there. It'll be worth it."  but it is a chain restaurant and it does a very good job once you consider that. I will continue to stop in for delicious glasses of sangria and huge portions of pasta and other ""Italian"" comfort foods - but only on days I'm not in a rush; and hopefully the trend of slower service and not calling in enough people to work won't last forever." I am having a difficult time determining which is worse the Spaghetti Warehouse or the Olive Garden.  Mushy spaghetti drenched in the worst sauce I ever had.  Ok on second thought the Olive Garden is better. I had a good experience here and definitely wouldn't mind returning!" Overall: nice place for a good meal at a fair price ! Would recommend for families or just a  for group meals. In summary  great appetizers and food was ok... good portions... had to wait a while ... lots of employees ...I like the look of the place too...  So not bad..." "I come here with my sister for the nostalgia factor because we have great memories visiting growing up when this restaurant was in its prime. I don't think the restaurant has received any updates in the last 20 years. I love the Caesar salad dressing and the warm sourdough bread served with garlic butter. We were shocked to see when we visited last week that they sell glasses of wine for $2.50 and half carafes for $5.00. They don't list the types or brands on the menu "What a great place to take your family! Not only is the decor fun but the food and prices wont make you frown either. Spicy Shrimp pasta was friggin awesome and the calamari was fantastic. They have really good prices One of my all time favorite restaurants even though I don't like driving downtown. Even when they make mistakes they make it right. This particular visit was all you can eat pasta for an amazing price of $8.99. The calamari was very good as was the various sauces with the pasta. The ranch is homemade and quite delicious. Yum  and felt like I was in a bizzaro funhouse instead of a restaurant. They clearly thing that if they go for the most ridiculous decor they can imagine it will distract from their lousy food. They're wrong."  this is the restaurant for you. The lasagna and calamari are some of the best I ever had. I guarantee you will enjoy yourself." Generous portions and the ingredients are made fresh every day. The food is great for the price.  and made some adjustments to the check. I'd love to say that I'd  return to this establishment  but the staff are rude. I will not visit this restaurant again. I'm not Italian "Went here after purchasing the Groupon. There was a little bit of a wait which is expected on Saturday night. We were seat at a table like we requested. We waited for 15 minutes before the waitress came over. She took our drink and food order at the same time. I ordered the broccoli and mushrooms and added a piece of salmon. My husband ordered the Trio. Our waitress. Abby Delicious food !! I always love coming here but I feel like the food has gotten better and the waitress Angelica was wonderful !  but Charity and Randy were remarkably friendly and SO helpful. As well as a manager. Spaghetti warehouse  I wouldn't go back to this restaurant."  relaxed atmosphere and I've never had a problem with their food. It's a place I love to go and take friends to just for a nice dinner in a place where I don't feel out of place in jeans." This is where the management teams from Olive Garden and Buca de Beppo should visit just to see what would happen if they stopped caring." I went there for lunch yesterday after not being there for many years and was happy with almost everything.  It might sound weird but all I had was wedding soup and a chicken Caesar salad.  I was eating light since I had evening dinner plans.  The wedding soup was very underwhelming and overpriced at $4 for a very small cup. The service was really good.  I wouldn't come back for dinner but would come back every so often for lunch. The warehouse was a good choice for what was offered "Stuffed mushrooms were good. Baked ziti average. Salad boring iceburg with one tomato one onion and hard croutons. Blue cheese dressing didnt taste much like blu cheese. Dont like too soft pasta  but it's not bad for the price. The portions are enough for two people if you get take out. I'll continue to come here for my pasta fix. Give it a try friends."  but we saw people coming out in casual attire & we went in... I'm so glad we did... We've been here several times over the years & we've never experienced anything but excellence... The atmosphere is the best... The different rooms to eat in and my children's favorite "We ordered from spaghetti warehouse and the food came in a timely manner. We were extremely satisfied with portion size as you get a lot for a fair price. The food tastes like your classic Average pasta place. Definitely would order again. If you're hungry Would I go back? Definitely for the bread."  sandwiches - always freshly prepared and consistent quality.  Family owned."  while the main entrees are only so-so.  For a cafe that is only open for breakfast and lunch downtown Average food nothing special. Convenient to work. Walk to market square for better options. Service is below average. So go to Buon Giorno Cafe on your next lunch break to enjoy great service l2gPB9mqiHSbpwSUa7zrjg The crab cake sandwich is well prepared but from ROTTEN crab. Since I didn't have time to walk 10min one way to return the food  even with all of its chain restaurant failings. I can forgive bad service if the food is great (the tip is an interesting invention) but not the other way around. My search for a go-to Italian restaurant will continue Service was average at best.  Feel bad given how long it has been around Even though Downtown after business hours isn't the most exciting place to eat l2gPB9mqiHSbpwSUa7zrjg They must get patrons here in because of the could reviews from the other Tambellini restaurant or from being close to the theater district.  The food is pretty bad for an Italian restaurant.  The Chicken Parmigiana was very bready and I question if it was homemade.  I ordered a side salad and it was all iceberg lettuce.  The homemade bread was very sorry.....  Not worth the price.  The decor is very plain.  Service was fine. "The greeter was very nice.   The food was merely okay.  My friend and I got one bill and then asked that they just take 50% on my charge and 50% from her $20.  The server replied that ""they do not split checks  and I can't figure out why.  The food was underwhelming and pricey.  The service was fine  but we wanted to give it a try"" to which she replied they don't alow that but I will let it slide. The food could have come from a buffet and been better. I hate to be super negative "This place is just a flat out joke.  Totally overpriced.  Went before a show and they gave a limited menu and tacked on the token 20% ""service"" fee which gave them the right to provide lousy service.  First I asked for the beer they had on the chalkboard outside.  Had NO clue what I was talking about.  Finally gave up and got a Coors Lite.  Food was overpriced and less than average.  I had the Baked Scrod.  Exact same dish at Eat N Park is $8.99 and better than this $27 dish.  I would stay clear of this at all costs.  If you are going for a night of theater - opt for eating outside the city or at Sonoma Grill down the street.  I'm shocked this place is still in business." I've had worse experiences but there are much better options in the area."  but my friend and I felt we were already sitting down and felt funny about leaving so we unfortunately stayed. Now I really wish we would have. I figured if I am going to spend $20 on simple pasta I'll spend $10 more and have a steak with it. I'm on an extremely strict diet of only 1200 calories a day so I could not have the bow ties with alfredo. All I asked for was for them to replace the alfredo with simple marinara. You would think I asked them to get Giada DeLaurentis to come and cook my pasta. The waitress gave me such an attitude and then punished us the rest of the time by ignoring us. After all that I get my meal  next to the kitchen - even though the place was half empty. I could hear the conversation at the next door table better than that of people sitting opposite me. The food was a sorry Since closed.  Surprise surprise. Just saw this unfinished review from a few years ago o and I see they are now closed but posting anyway. Had a weeknight dinner on a recent business trip. I really enjoy this local institution and try and stop by every time I'm in the city. The breaded zucchini is great and what they are known for. The menu is mostly traditional dishes and I've had great to good meals here but never a truly bad one. Service is always very good.  good selection and some great specials." Great for lunch or dinner. Tables and chairs are uncomfortable but food is very great. All in all we left satisfied."  and the food was pretty good. I got a chicken dish and my husband got a fish sandwich. We were both satisfied. Our waiter was very nice and did his best. We had to wait awhile on most things because they had him covering two complete rooms. Other than spreading their wait staff too thin Good atmosphere and great bartender.  Historical building.  we've been here for birthday dinners and had two large welcome home parties.  They take great care of us.  Service is always friendly and the food is always good - not necessarily amazing but always solid.  Had dinner here this past weekend and our party had pizza  restrooms up the stairs to 2nd floor. No accessible stalls in restrooms. Surprising in this day.  NOT HANDICAPPED ACCESSIBLE." The place is cool.  It's an old brothel and it's fun to look around.  But the upstairs is about 40 degrees colder than the downstairs.  The place is dated  Papa J's is the perfect place to go if you want great booze and good food at decent prices in a neat atmosphere. They're in a great location downtown I highly recommend Papa J's. Go there on one of those nights when you want to go out to eat SzHTdZR3yY1WBYUxkVxmUQ  there is an Enjoy book coupon for this place  ignore your instincts about this spooky-seeming place and check it out. The entrees are not terribly impressive  I've tried this place 5 times and that was enough.  I dont know how it remains open but I suspect it will close soon.  Not worth the attitude of the staff.  They dont seem to appreciate the few customers they do have which is a shame I was really disappointed with this visit.  We probably won't be back any time soon." The Post-Gazette reported on 12 7 13 that this restaurant has closed.  nothing special though. Gyro is good. Fried items arrive a little on the cold and soggy side."  orange spheres. Apparently though they were a bit under cooked."  but it was good and cheap. Feta on top = yum."  but there's a lot of competition for selling red-sauce italian food in the Italian neighborhood $46 for two including great fried zucchini app. and tip."  because it is literally a 2 minute walk from my house.  I would certainly recommend it  I often find placees like this refreshing. The Wedding Soup is comforting and they are generous with the bread. And....they have no judgements about the previously mentioned strong drink that I consumed at 2:37pm on a Friday afternoon."  I'm sure Pittsburgh must have way better Italian food offerings than this."  gnocci... even the salads have been delicious. The bar is beautiful as well. It looks very old but in a good way. I was so surprised by this place - it's one of those Bloomfield gems that I was very happy to discover." Damicos has been closed since December 2012 PS. The service cannot be beat. It's one of the friendliest restaurants I have eaten in. I used to go there often when I was a student living in Bloomfield." Disappointing.  The food was below average and the service was ok.  We were expecting a lot from this restaurant but it definitely did not deliver.  Pasta was not homemade and sauces mediocre at best.  Wine selection is very weak.  The outdoor seating is a redeeming quality. 5MChfa-jZfMo3vBpolkSbw I wanted a nice dinner at a beautiful restaurant. I got an OK one in a wonky dining room. If they take a step back and consider what they could do to make the place better I will definitely go back!"  not any more exciting than what I can make for myself with a jar of sauce and box of pasta." My dad and I both had very average-tasting hoagies for lunch. I had a chicken parmesan hoagie. It was quite overcooked and I still have the taste of burnt breading my mouth."  very reasonable prices and huge portions make this our go-to Italian eatery." This is an all-around good italian restaurant. Sorry to the haters We'll definitely be back."  we were told.  The salad came with the dressing in disposable plastic cups on the side. Really?   I think Eat N Park has a better dinner salad than this!  Most Italian bistros ask if you'd like ground pepper on the salad  and rice pudding - was pretty good. The aglio olio and rice pudding were the best parts of the meal. The service was good. Everyone was friendly. The interior could use some sprucing Seat yourself in the back.... Only one server bartender from 2-4:30 pm.... But good service regardless....fried ravioli was good.... Meatballs ok... Chicken rissoto was delicious....chicken eggplant parm was fried....( just to give a heads up)....lemon bar is very sweet( but good).  Carrot cake yummy....1 dessert is enough to feed 2!  Discounts for upmc family house guests..... It started raining and the manager offered to drive us back to family house when we asked to call a taxi... Great service for a good price.... Definately would recommend! "This review is for the banquet facility. My family had a special event in their party room this past weekend. The point man a the restaurant was Jim and he could not have been nicer or professional. He told us he wouldn't be there the day of the event but he made sure another employee "Seeing as I am named Alexander I'm not surprised that a restaurant which shares my name is fantastic. I have eaten at Alexander's several times and the food and wait staff have always been spot on. My favorite dish is the Mafalda Alexander (Mafalda pasta  but to pass this off as representative of Italian food is an injustice. If you want a truly great Italian meal please look elsewhere."  but we were incredibly pleased with everything.  There was plenty of room in the bar while we were there. There is a parking garage right next door & there was a decent amount of on street parking available."  but a lot of people seem to like the bolognese. My favorite dessert is the Tiramisu. They also offer a side house salad which is also really good (they use dried cranberries and candied walnuts Not real Italian. When there's a crab dish on the menu and you don't let your customers know this there's a problem. Imitation crab meat at an Italian restaurant doesn't fly. I was hoping for some good Italian while out of town and was truly disappointed. The bar service was extremely friendly about my compliant and did remove that dish from my bill. My entree was pasta and shrimp. I haven't paid $20 for a dish of pasta and 5 large shrimp in a long time. Don't worry but I won't come close to this restaurant again.  nice family atmosphere. Loved the mafalda madison."  some of the best veal I have had in a restaurant in years.  The pasta was also very good "Really friendly service and great cozy atmosphere. The bread was okay but the dessert more than made up for it! I would probably recommend skipping the ""vegetable medley"" as it is just broccoli carrots and cauliflower no asparagus but the pasta was good. Will be coming back for half off wine Monday or Wednesday :)" "I went here for a first date and I have to admit I was quite surprised. I wasn't expecting the food to be as good judging by the dining room (though it was a pleasant surprise to see fresh flowers). It wasn't a super fine dining atmosphere  and it was definitely my least favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh while traveling there on business the past few months. Cute ambiance! Cute neighborhood! Friendly local wait staff! But kinda touristy & uninteresting food pairings   ingredients." The sandwich was around $9 and it came with fries.  A very good and hearty meal.  I look forward to trying some of the other options at Alexanders the next time around!" 5MChfa-jZfMo3vBpolkSbw  Alexander's just gets it done - nothing fancy w  home style food and  great prices and service. We'll be skipping other Italian places in the area and will be back again."  and beans and greens. If it were closer to home I'd be ready to move in."  and you're not going to go broke eating here." If you're looking for some tasty Italian food served in a friendly  I wondered if we actually went to the same place.  I thought it wasn't very good.  I had the Eggplant Alexander which consisted of a bunch of soggy fried eggplant with a ton of cheese melted on it.  I've made much better at home.  My beloved had veal Parmesan.   Which was dry I finally think I'm done with this place." Definitely a must have when ordering there!" 5MChfa-jZfMo3vBpolkSbw "A friend took me here for the best gnocchi I have ever eaten. We both chose the gorgonzola basil sauce; I added sweet baby peas and she added broccoli. We ate and ate and took home enough for dinner - it reheats really well. Clearly  but it sounds like a great dish for someone prepared for some serious spice (not me!). My little brother was disappointed that his spaghetti and meatballs came with one meatball 5MChfa-jZfMo3vBpolkSbw We would certainly go back to dine here again."  and after going in a couple of times for a happy hour I decided to get dinner one night. I didn't really know what to expect because the menu online listed dishes but no prices (as a side note: I HATE when restaurants do this!). I don't mind paying $15-20 for a good dish of food  friendly  neighborhood place to go to relax over some good food and drink. Have a few laughs without a tv interrupting your dinner conversation. You have to sit in the bar for that. Take your mom. Take the family. Take your husband when you can't stand another night of cooking. Just go it alone and who cares about anyone else?! Just have fun eating some really good food that tastes like someone cares."  and I will NEVER eat at Alexander's ever again. It's really a shame because I loved their salmon with pesto sauce. But great food can't make up for a manager who throws a TEMPER TANTRUM and SCREAMS AT YOU. Also Overall a great dining experience.  We will be back."  but I wouldn't go out of my way to return since there's better Italian to be had elsewhere in PGH.  3.5 stars." I had a wonderful experience at this restaurant bringing 8 out of town guests from across the country. The food was outstanding and the wait staff is very accommodating. Alex made a special effort to make sure our time there was enjoyable. Good authentic Italian cuisine at a very reasonable price.  this is not real Italian food and it's below average and overpriced when it comes to American-Italian food. The staff was excellent though and you will have great service and conversation. Thanks but probably won't be back."  simple popular Italian dishes  I took my parents there for dinner and we all enjoyed our meal.  My mom loved her chicken parm.  My clam sauce with whole wheat pasta was absolutely perfectly al-dente.  Salad is fresh with a very nice balsamic vinagrette.  Wedding soup was a bit salty So if you are looking for a great place to eat with fabulous food in a friendly environment.  Alexander's Italian Bistro is your place!" "Unbelievable!!!!!! What can I say except that it is the best Italian family owned restaurant in Pittsburgh!!!! The wedding soup is the best along with the beans and greens.We thought we were in Italian Heaven with these starter dishes  but everyone is quite nice. Just relax. If they mix up an order they'll make it right. I love the wedding soup here and they make awesome chicken piccatta. I also like how they serve the meat and pasta dishes separately on small plates  amazing experience and I will be returning next time I am in Pittsburgh." "You won't find a better meal or better people outside of Italy. Cavatelli and Tiramisu is to kill for! If you want a taste of Italy I unfortunately have to say that my wife and I agreed that both our meals served were the worst dinners we have had in Pittsburgh. I am pretty forgiving but this was not acceptable. Both meals were served barely warm. The decor was old 70's which could have charm but this didn't. The server was fair. Forgot to even bring us water after requesting it and didn't ask how the dinners were. Both plates were mediocre at best. I will not return.  and I can say without a doubt that I have yet to ha e a bad experience. I have had almost everything on the menu and everything is amazing. Very filling portion sizes and great service. They offer a lot of good wines and a unique beer menu. All of their desserts are made on site This was my first time here and I will never go back.  My hubby and I were excited to get alil dresses up and have some Italian and god did they mess that off. To start off when we walked in the place REEKED of piss. Like someone has literally just peed on the floor. Our waitress showed us to a booth in the back where they were scraps and trash under and around our table. I asked her for a drink list she informs me there isn't one k fine I move on. Then we get an appetizer the fried ravoli which was prices at 8$ but only came with four bite size pieces on a plate. That's it. Now onto the meal I order a tortellini and marinara and my husband got the tuna. Mine came out with random mixed veggies In it(which I just picked around) and my husbands came out fine except his sauces came in plastic cups(it was a 20$ dish). Oh and that's not the end of it. After telling the waitress that I didn't receive what I ordered we had to listen to her and the cook scream at each other while we at. She then have us our check and then disappeared. We waited until I finally stopped another waitress to cash us out. I paid 65$ all together and it should have been free.  nicest waiters in the world. We had the Italian coquielle for appetizers and it was AMAZING. Their candied walnut salad is to die for. Their entries are simply superb. I highly recommend this place Service was ok and was short staffed in our opinion. We sat on the patio but next time will opt for the dining room. We thought the value was good for what we got. I'll go back next time I'm in the area." I did not pick up the check - my uncle was nice enough to do that - so I did not see the final bill. However "Don't expect fresh food. We have taken ravioli and tortelini. It was fast  the food was good and we had a nice time."  mise-en-place modernists. There are nice places like Lawrenceville and Umi for you."  we were not offered any and forgot about it until this morning.  All of the pasta dishes my party ordered as well as the  entre salads were mediocre (chicken looked like it was processed?) and didn't have many of the ingredients that were outlined on the menu.  And The best Italian in Pittsburgh's Bloomfield area! I love the fact that they make their own pastas to order and my fav is Calamari over choice pasta! Delish fresh calamari not frozen hand breaded and sauce is superb! Like MAMA's! Last time I had restaurant Italian was in Brooklyn NY! This place reminded me of there! My fav desert is Cannoli but didn't see it on menu! I had small Italian coffee w shot of Annisette made whole dinner since it was cold outside! It took me 45 min to get their from SHills by access van but I used to live in Shadyside and would walk to Alexander's in the cold snow for Their pasta! You can make it yourself go buy all ingredients slave over stove but won't be same! Wish we in SHills had this other than Olive Garden which Id never will eat that phony food!  so with that said I ordered the carbonara its was more on the seafood side not the traditions carbonara but a little twist so with that said you don't always get what you want ." OH SO DELICIOUS. Looking forward to bringing more friends here for dinner.What a great treasure."  and came in a very large portion.  My mother ordered the chicken parm and she claims it was the best she's ever had.  All in all it was a good dining experience and I'm happy that we found this place." "Every time I stop here for dinner it is a pleasure. Excellent service The food was okay. Ordered appetizers.  Fried meatball for one and it was not cooked. Raw . But I must say they did take it off the bill.  Red sause is chunks of tomatoes! !!  Flat bread pizza was very good.  Nothing more  which was very tasty. My son had buttered noodles and it was a great size for a kid. He got a kids milk served in a to go soup cup with a kid. I'm having bad luck finding a place with a proper kids cup. Kind of annoying. My friends both enjoyed their meals of the Gorgonzola burger with bacon and the Gorgonzola pasta. Unfortunately  good bar pickup service...never was a regular diner in the restaurant but as I remember the food was good  no restaurant made sauce will ever compare to Grandma's.  But the meatballs here are awesome!! 2 thumbs up!  For an entree I got a tortellini dish and my husband got ummm.....AHHHHH I don't know but it was very tasty. Something with angel hair pasta. Then we ordered dessert which at the end of the meal our waitress told us was on her because we came out in such bad weather (it's pretty ugly outside tonight). In our leftover bag our waitress put in there an entire loaf of bread for free...talk about wonderful customer service!" We were a party of four and everyone was pleased that we went for a more classic place versus some of the more ""trendy"" places we usually frequent." Service was very attentive and we never had to wait.   Food may have come a little too quickly "My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Incredible Italian meals and desserts. Very friendly staff and lots of gluten-free options! I love the create-your-own pasta. I usually get the gluten-free pasta with peas It is great if you are looking for old fashioned Italian Cusine. I am 55 and I was probably youngest patron. Big portions reasonably priced polite service but food was good for senior citizen. If you are looking to fill up go for it. If you are looking for culinary experience avoid it. Have a good day  and this Caesar salad was not worth $7. It wasn't even a Caesar salad. It was a small side salad of iceberg lettuce and croutons with Italian dressing. If I had known I would be charged for it  and white wine sauce.  What I received reminded me of Mrs Grass soup.  The stuff that is a dried packet and you just add hot water to it." Really bad Italian food. Probably the worst I've ever had. The worst American version of Italian food. The decor and atmosphere is so cozy and everyone makes you feel so welcome.  The prices are very reasonable and all in all we truly enjoyed ourselves Ive gone to the moonlite for years. The food is great and the service is friendly. Excellent food and very reasonable prices! And huge portions for the price. You can easily get 3 meals out of one of their entrees. The front of the restaurant is a bar which is rather smoky but the smoke doesn't really migrate to the back. I will go back again and again.  so I recommend a visit those days if you enjoy a glass of vino. Also "Very good!  The dinning room is located in the back behind the bar.  You must get the fried zucchini!  Their breading is so light yet flavorful!  The portions for the entres were HUGE!  Service was great Moonlite Cafe is now non-smoking! Even better!  Monday and Tuesday. The owner is really friendly and there often. We love to go for a relaxed evening and play pool or darts  prices are excellent. Dining room with two pool tables  but their home made croutons on the house salad were amazing! The hot garlic parm wings had me licking my fingers  but they killed it when they closed the full service restaurant and just put tables in the bar. The menu is smaller One of Brooklines best kept secrets! Recently started coming here after living in the neighborhood for a few years and we were not dissapointed. They have delicious salad options for me and my husband is full on addicted to the open faced hot italian sandwich. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Will keep coming back! "This is my first visit here I was not extremely impressed when I first walked through the door.  We went to the back by the pool tables and wow it opens up nicely.  Our server was nice and prompt I asked her about a menu item and she said she didn't know but wait and I'll ask... Love that... we could hear the chef yelling the answer she came out and told us even though we had already heard the answer.  I ordered the Reuben my wife ordered the beacon cheese burger. The bread was light and perfectly tested.  the sourcrout was very nice and I suspect actual Russian dressing  and our meals were great. We want to go back to try more of their dishes." "Best wings and fries in Pittsburgh!!  Really great bar atmosphere!  Food is typical bar food but delicious. They have a pretty good rotating draft selection and the bartenders are great. I love this place The bartender that's usually working is super sweet and makes sure that nobody waits too long for a drink. The owner is an awesome guy as well. Always comes out to say hi to the regulars and introduces himself to anyone that he doesn't recognize. Overall  laid-back atmosphere. TVs are front and center so this is a great place to watch the game. I highly recommend." Great food everytime love the moonlite chicken sandwich... The sampler platter is amazing you get so much food for such a great price ! "We are slowly making our way down Brookline Boulevard trying all the great restaurants. Moonlight Cafe was next on our list as many locals recommended it to us. A huge plus is that it is non smoking! It was mostly filled with regulars during Friday happy hour. The very friendly bartender was also playing hostess and waitress but greeted us quickly. They had $4 import drafts and bottles on special. I got an Angry Orchard and my date  because the tables are so close together that if it weren't loud your neighbor could here every detail of your conversation.  The service was excellent.  The place was packed not an empty seat in the house.  Our waitress was efficient and didn't seem intrusive.  We ordered a bottle of a very reasonably priced white wine.  I think around $45 for the bottle.  It was delicious and paired well with the food.  I was a little surprised that the bread was cold and I think they could be a little bit more creative with the butter or dips that are paired with the bread.  They could take a lesson from Jonathan at Alla Famiglia.  My friend ordered a very delicious looking salad.  She said it was very good.  I'm not much of a salad guy  it's well worth calling ahead for a reservation. Otherwise they will take your name and cell phone number Will definitely try and revisit next time I'm in Pittsburgh."  but go if you have some close friends and you don't mind yelling over the table.  The food is fantastic - any of their raviolis will do.  Service is attentive "Girasole is probably my favorite restaurant in the Walnut St. corridor.  I specifically want to talk about their salad.  I know this charming and cozy Italian restuarnt is not a one trick pony (their various Raviolis being especially exceptional) but their signature Girasole Salad is really something special.  In Italian the word ""Girsole"" means ""Sunflower i wont be coming back unless someone specifically ask to come here. i rather go where they treat everyone the same."  we shared a bottle of Prosecco and started with the escarole and beans.  Get the tortelloni with peas and prosciutto in a light cream sauce before it disappears from the menu in the summer.  The seared scallops were divine as well.  Top it off with the light  nothing in comparison to other much more exciting and fulfilling Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh."  considering that the unfortunate situation I encountered was out of the norm for this usually friendly  the owner waiter is awesome.  They do a great job.  I think you can have parties there on Monday evenings (that take up the whole space)  making intimate conversation difficult when you're practically sitting on top of the table next to you.  Definitely not recommended for parties over four.   In addition We ordered the carne special (steak with alfredo for $30) and the torcia ($15). I wouldn't say that they were the best that i'd ever had  when the rest of the experience is poor it really doesn't matter how good the food is. We won't be back." "i've been to this restaurant dozens of times and each time the food is excellent but the owner host has an arrogance to him that unfortuanately takes away from what could be an amazing restaurant. there is always a long wait on weekends and if he agrees to add your name to his ""list"" to be called when a table opens up I'd certainly recommend this for a casual lunch dinner -- I really want to head back if only just for the salad! In warmer months they also offer seating outside.... for dessert  but it might be worth a shot for lunch when it won't be as loud and there probably wouldn't be a wait either." Bottom Line: 2.5 stars." Very very nice small Italian restaurant . Seating is very limited but food and service are wonderful . My only small complaint is the price for a bottle of wine is a little pricey . They should make at least several bottles a bit more reasonable .  we continue to wait and then someone walks in right behind us bumps Annie out of the way and just stands for maybe 30 seconds...the owner runs over bursts through Annie and I and just grabs the couple and seats them immediately.  I have never seen such blatent disregard for other customers'.  It was clear these folks were just regulars so he seated them ahead of everyone...what's so bad is it was right in front of us.  I can appreciate that we are not regulars'  Overall a very disapointing night out." I recommend going for lunch - particularly if you don't like crowds. You'll most likely get to meeting Phi or Geno which guarantees great conversation and a great experience." Extras: The service is always fast & you can BYOB even though there is a wine list. Sweet!"  we were still perceived as cheap college students (maybe we should've dressed up a little?).  The waitress gave us the check immediately after we finished without interesting us in coffee or dessert.  A shame.  We were planning to order tiramisu  the Girasole salad with chicken is one of my all time favorite salads. IT's also a cozy little place for a friendly dinner. Not one of your romantic restaurants though  both in the basket and refilled more often"  longing to come inside and rest by the hearth? That's how I felt the entire time I was eating here. The restaurant's interior is enchanting - warmly lit with charming artistic details. I was so excited to experience that atmosphere  I have made a ""reservation"" and then ended up waiting for an hour to get a table. I will probably order take out from this point forward." antipasto and bruschetta were very good but the prices for wine are way too high. Great place to get an authentic meal. Great wine selection with generous portions. The house dressing is to die for. Also THE BEST catering I've found in Pittsburgh.  The chef will work with your budget and event and everything will fit together perfectly."  the owner (a very charasmatic little italian Pittsburgher) will take your number and then go across the street to Alto and have a drink or two and relax. I highly recommend eating here- the specials are always great and the sunflower seed dressing is to die for." Their salad is simply delicious. Every time I've gone there I hadn't said ""this is average at best"" I think it is always the best." Everything at Girasole is rustic and bursting with flavor. Anytime I'm home I come back for an enjoyable meal in the sun. Classic Italian food." The gnocchi was pretty soft and light -- the ravioli tender and juicy -- and the sauces were excellent.  Again  the rustic feel--contributed to a lovely lunch and my first 5 star rating for a restaurant in Pittsburgh."  and there's a fantastic selection to choose from. If you're having difficulty  it wouldn't be Girasole!  I ALWAYS have the spinach & ricotta ravioli with the salad AND of course I never skip the Gnocchi (I swear both sauces are some of the BEST in the entire world)... I usually skip white bread I would come here again (:"  and usually packed.  They have a decent wine selection and the food is excellent.  I recently had the house salad and the Spinach Ricotta Ravioli (Yum!).  Everything was excellent and couldn't be more satisfied.  Service was quick "Two of us went on Tuesday night around 7:30 and though the very small restaurant was full we were able to get a seat in 10 minutes. Both of our meals  it's worth it.  I had the pumpkin ravioli and the house salad.  I loved the salad dressing--it's light and delicious and the pumpkin ravioli was excellent as well.  I really chowed on the thick slices of Italian bread and they willingly brought lots more upon request.  We had a party of 9 and were happy to have made a reservation in advance.  Go early on a weekend evening as the wait looked treacherous by the time we left the restaurant at 7:00PM.  Girasole reminds me of eating in my Italian Grandma's basement kitchen!  The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars was because the servers were a bit slow in providing basics like water and silverware in the beginning of the meal.  Otherwise  and drinks for two people -- for a whole lot of fantastic food." Maybe we just had a bad experience (it was a busy Friday night 8pm). The popularity of the place and the plethora of positive reviews and high ratings indicates that this might have some great moments  and we shared a slice of rum cake that was excellent. My suggestion to anyone going there is to look at the online menu first. What you see there is what they will have  I'm going to give it another try.  The gnocchi looked interesting as did several of the other pastas.  Maybe next trip." Probably a better bet on an off-peak night and when the weather is nicer This is why I really like their lunch. The prices are cheaper The bottom line for me is that this restaurant had wonderful food and not too high of a price point and I will definitely be back.  I would recommend that you go early on a weekday though as the seating is very limited." What a charming little place.  Rigatoni with meat sauce was to die for.  Great salads. Great desserts.  The owner came over to schmooze with us so we felt right at home.  Make a reservation or you will have a long wait (if you get in at all). We still had a good time since the company was good but it will be a long time before I go back to this restaurant."  if you get manage to save room for one of their wonderful desserts "My wife loves the gnocci.  It's a bit cramped so make sure you have reservations.  The menu is small but I've always found at least on dish to my liking  you wonder how long you can work like that.  Hopefully the dude can retire to a nice Italian villa with lots of wine instead of screaming at his son in the middle of his restaurant!"  I ordered the white chocolate raspberry gelato. Real chunks of raspberry and white chocolate  so everyone was a little close to each other.  Didn't matter though because there is enough conversation in the air to keep things private. Menu was varied with enough choices for all food tastes.  The lamb meatball appetizer was a great surprise Almost as tasty as that good night kiss."  consistent Italian.  The Girasole salad with sunflower vinaigrette is a tast start to any meal and their pastas are great.  I am especially excited for the summer menu in a few weeks so that I can enjoy the spinach spaghetti with tomatoes  but the quality I was served? Not worth it." Excellent Italian food at very reasonable prices. We went there with our two kids and had an excellent experience. The staff was very friendly and I highly recommend it.  I not only feel like I've eaten one of the best meals of my.   just look at the people's food while pointing to the food at a couples table that were sitting right next to us.  He practically put his hand in their food.  I explained that I was vegetarian and just wanted to see the vegetarian options and he shouted that if I'm looking for vegetarian to go next door to the restaurant.  I was appalled!  I turned around and looked at my sister who was just as surprised to hear such rudeness coming from the host of thisrestaurant.  I then turned around and walked out.  I have never been treated so badly as a consumer.  I will never give my money to this restaurant no matter how good the food is.  I will also never recommend this restraurant to any one who asks.  Actually I will make sure to spread the word of this terrible experience."  and the drinks are made by the servers who are already too busy.  The wine selection is small but has something for most budgets and is pretty good."  I'd go here. The entrees didn't captivate me as much. For Italian entrees  I never once in 10 years had a bad dinner here.  Never even had an okay dinner.  They were all outstanding "We went there on a Thursday night around 6pm and the place was packed. The space is small to begin with so they crammed the 3 of us in at the end of a long row of tables. We were also seated by the grumpy older Italian guy with the glass of wine as also mentioned by another poster. I found him interesting and humourus. Having a close Italian friend growing up being in the restaurant reminded me of dinners at her house with her big extended family. Everyone talks loud but are all laughing and having a great time. I really enjoyed the atmosphere. The food was awesome. I had the spinach and ricotta ravioli and the sauce was to die for. My husband and daughter both penne with marinara sauce We subsequently left while the man was still screaming at the woman. This was the most absurd display at a restaurant I have ever seen. My girlfriend was extremely upset especially for the physical violence the man was displaying. This was no casual shove but rather a full two handed violent push followed by pounding his fist on the table and screaming at the woman in front of the entire restaurant. Needless to say we will never come back and recommend people boycott a place where the owner treats his (wife employee) with such disrespect regardless of how stressed he may be on a busy night." "Food was excellent but we hated the ambiance! Reservations at 7:00 pm Saturday. Arrived on time. Couldn't get in the door to wait for them to clear table because there were so many people in the narrow entrance; had to stand outside in cold weather. The place was so loud  but the food was so. damn. good. The tomato cream sauce = amazing. Go here xgK6AAhJ-cYBUCSaLzgTuw  it was an okay experience!"  the only thing that this restaurant has going for itself is that it's in Shadyside. The salad was the only thing edible  walking to and from your table can be a bit awkward as you try to avoid disturbing all the other patrons. The noise level is pretty high  with tons of charm. The food is exquisite. Even the house salad blew me away. Then the main dish arrived. I had the Ricotta Cavatelli with lamb meatballs It's unlikely I will return because the food was mediocre  Girasole is a pretty good restaurant - and the only improvement I can suggest is that their bread would be so much more enjoyable if they warmed their butter so it is spreadable."  great experience and I would definitely go back!"  it was totally worth it!! This was my first visit to Girasole. We were a group of 5 celebrating my daughters engagement. Shared a bottiglia di vino.  All of our dinners came with a fresh salad with sunflower seeds and a nice vinaigrette dressing and blue cheese. I ordered the fish "Not much to say except that if you have to go here wear a swimsuit because it is so hot inside you might just pass out ! When we asked why it was so hot inside I was told"" because we are in a basement ""  That was a joke. I guess that's what they say to excuse the lack of proper a c. I must stress everyone I think I would only return here if someone invited me to go along Don't forget to do a limoncello shot!" If you live in shadyside you should give it a shot. The service is very speedy. The food has a good taste. I recommend you to try the spanish ricotta.  the front of house staff quickly asked us whether or not we wanted to sit outside squished behind a baby's highchair in a corner or inside where it was very crowded. We tried to politely ask the man if we could see a menu first. After looking at the menu we decided we liked what the menu had on it Amazing food but even with a reservation don't expect to be seated right away. "Food here is out of this world good.  The venue is extremely charming too.  Service was a disappointment.  Couldn't help but get the feeling that we were annoying our waitress just by being patrons.  Speed was fine  although the servers seemed rushed and this made the experience somewhat less pleasant." I would highly recommend Girasole for small family gatherings and special nights. Students may wish to save their money So good! Had a reservation and we were seated within 10 minutes. Would definitely go back  authentic spot perfectly located on Copeland off of Walnut (right across from Starbucks)."  ok service. Sometimes you have to wait for a table despite your reservation. It has a great Italian atmosphere and everyone is talking loudly which makes it a great place for a date or a dinner with friends." Girasole is a great Italian restaurant in shadyside. Make a reservation. . . it gets crowded and hectic on Friday and Staurday nights. It's small on space but big on atmosphere from the neghborhood to the patio seating to the decor!  The gnocchi is fantastic. They have a pretty broad italian wine list and great deserts. Not too terible on the wallet. Only gripe is the small real estate inside which tends to lead to slightly cramped seating. Girasole is a wonderful treat amongst Pittsburgh's restaurant scene and never fails to deliver a delicious meal and a wonderful dining experience!" Had the greens and beans w  the Cappa Santa."  so it can be a little loud.  Still definitely worth the trip." iBNeahEkdtjEo0bWWQzIgQ  but not the best Italian I've ever had. Large portions and a great wine selection. Price per person in our large party for an entre  because this place seems to be constantly packed." "Awful service. We made reservations 4 weeks  and when we showed up the host yelled at us because they were over booked and his excuse was it was God's fault because the weather took away his outdoor seating. He also didn't offer us an apology and kept on telling us where we couldn't stand. The most annoying part is that he was drinking a glass of wine the entire time while shuffling people around! Wish we could have tried the food  just a bit crammed--you sit very close to the neighboring tables.  Great meals all around  they do the best they can to accomodate everybody. It's the price you pay for authentic Italian food in a city where Bravo! and Olive Garden are consistently voted best Italian food."  the food itself tasted a little less fresh than I'd like. Maybe the harsh winter was to blame "My husband and I celebrated our anniversary here.  We recently moved to Pittsburgh so we are still trying to figure out the quality places to eat.  Luckily  but the service and food are so fantastic that it more than makes up for the wait. The house salad is the best in town. I love the gnocchi We made the unfortunate decision to make a reservation here for a special occasion.  Not only was our table not ready (even an hour after the initial time) but they never called us as promised as they sent us to the bar next door to wait.  I won't be going here again.  Luckily we had a fabulous dinner at another restaurant instead.  maybe on a weekday when it may be less crowded and noisy."  We went last night to celebrate my parents 40th Anniversary.  Food was great! Our server Rachael did a awesome job.  The restaurant had neat character  I'd recommend going for lunch or during an off time.  This is definitely one of the better Italian restaurants I've eaten at thus far in PGH  the food and the wine are all amazing. A great atmosphere for lunch or dinner. The vibe is one of a kind. Some of the reviews complain about the wait...it's well worth it. Put your name on the list and walk the pleasant neighborhood until you're table is ready. You won't be disappointed!!!"  we didn't go back and had a fine dinner elsewhere. Tip to the house: Insulting the public is no way to win friends or customers." I recommend going to Girasole on your next date night with an open mind and taking the time to enjoy the food and atmosphere  and a personal toast from the owner was a great touch!"  classic Italian cuisine and is recreated seasonally. The ingredients are fresh and everything is homemade. The only issue I have with the place is the owner. He is in charge of seating people and barked at us that there were no tables. We sat outside under the heater and enjoyed our meal there. He definitely put enough of a damper on the vibe of the place that I won't be returning. It simply isn't worth it." I just can't support business owners like this.  Go elsewhere."  Girasole is a nice place but over priced and very noisy." made us feel right at home. The food was delicious and so was the company in service!" I will absolutely never return and wouldn't recommend it to anyone. For a restaurant to care that little about its customers to seat them basically within the kitchen says a lot about the owners. It is very clear that getting the highest number of people through the door is more important than their customers. Also to top it off they pretend like your experience has been splendid! They should be serving free meals to anyone they stick at that table. What a horrible experience!"  and just right for sopping up whatever's left on the plate with their delicious crusty bread.  The salad with Gorgonzola is also pretty amazing.  A great neighborhood standby."  I would probably give it another shot and maybe try the ravioli everyone seems to rave about!  And  unless you enjoy being abused.  We had a very unpleasant experience there on Saturday night (11 22 2014).  The gentleman who was greeting guests was drinking on the job and was extremely rude.  After we waited for almost an hour to get seated and were told that we were next in line for a specific table  I read the earlier reviews from people who have reported bad experiences with the drunk rude man who is in charge of seating people.  It's too bad that the restaurant hasn't done anything to fix the problem "This is such a great restaurant! I actually am surprised to see the 3.5 stars because every experience I've had here has been top-notch. I called ahead to make sure it was okay to bring a young child at dinner time and was told enthusiastically to definitely come. There are many vegetarian options and they are very tasty. Everyone from the host to the servers are attentive and kind. The ambiance is lovely 3) The famous cheese and spinach ravioli in a tomato cream sauce - THE BEST RAVIOLI I've ever had. Dipped the bread in the extra sauce "Solid Italian food with an intimate atmosphere. By no means a ""hidden gem"" like some of the other reviews tout The menu is simple consisting of a limited number of rustic pasta dishes as well as daily specials. We ordered an appetizer of beans and greens with homemade sausage which was very popular as everyone else around us also was ordering it. For good reason as it was absolutely delicious. For entrees I ordered Gnocchi  atmosphere and staff.  You can tell this is a family owned business that really cares about the experience of their customers.  The salads are very tasty with a light dressing. I recommend the Cheese ravioli in a blush sauce."  ridiculous! It then took another 20 minutes to get wine glasses.  The old Italian guy(owner manager?) who is obviously drunk had a loud verbal argument with a waiter where they threatened and shoved each other right next to our table. This made everyone extremely uncomfortable! Other reviewers used nice words for the atmosphere "Very poor management. Very stupid management. They don't know how to do business. They don't help you to find a table. If you know the waitress  which no one did except for me and my girlfriend. Without asking for my name we were seated right next to the host's podium where he had to pull out the table so we could fit to sit down. We were practically sitting on the laps of the couple next to us. The waitress who seemed to be rushed did not offer any recommendations. Aside from the poor service and chaos  service and atmosphere were excellent. I don't ever post reviews but couldn't believe this place didn't have a higher rating." Pretty nice place in a very quaint setting.  I had the spinach ravioli and it was fantastic.  Reasonably priced.  Enjoyed the intimate atmosphere. They'll put you on the list if you call ahead."  even though it was more on the pricey side for my budget  good luck being heard over all the noise. If you like your personal space when dining  visit on a Tuesday night when they have a live singer guitarist who is worth sticking around for. Just request anything by Van Morrison--you'll leave very Thank you Jimmy and family for such an amazing meal and welcoming experience."  I felt very awkward asking for prices. My waiter (the owner's son) asked the table if we had any questions about the menu. Really? Since the restaurant doesn't print prices I find it extra rude that the waiter doesn't mention them. Note that risotto  who went out of her way to be attentive to our needs. We are already planning our next visit to this wonderful restaurant." Girasole has provided a great spot to meet up for lunch for several years.  I love their signature salad! The service is always excellent and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. I love this place!  and definitely not worth dealing with these people."  but it was very good! I am already thinking of inviting my mom for lunch here sometime in the near future!" Local family-owned restaurant. It's cozy and offers a great wine selection. The weather has been beautiful and to celebrate I chose to have a lovely filet of grilled salmon. It was the perfect accent to the wonderful weather. Unfortunately for dinner they do not take reservations. I would say that fact is the businesses biggest downfall. Also there is no area to wait comfortably. You are then forced to Impinge on others dinner experience since there is no removed place to sit and wait. Wonderful food. I had the rustic linguine and it was so light and refreshing. Lovely atmosphere and the service was very good. A simple Italian menu and great wine list. I recommend going at lunch or during the week for the best experience. I took my parents from out of town once for lunch and jimmy even gave them a tour and introduced them to his family. They now ask every time we go into town if we can go to ""that little Italian place with that guy""." I would go back for sure even though I thought the staff was sort of cold. It's a pretty spot and worth a third try." Havent eaten here in years but last I remember it was amazing! "I was going to dinner with my mother and her friend. My mother's friend insisted on going to this place even though I am on a very restricted diet (basically I can only eat meat  and a light vinaigrette dressing. I ordered the penne with sausage for my entree. The Italian sausage was a tad spicy for my taste. Others ordered penne and grilled chicken and the ravioli with spinach and ricotta . I tried the chicken and it was very good. Our waiter The only downside to Girasole is that you are packed into the small dining area with many other guests which creates a very noisy environment. Probably not ideal for a first date if you're looking to have conversation The salmon over olive oil soaked bread with asparagus was divine. The lamb meatballs over brown butter pasta was incredible. Escarole with white beans in tomato cream sauce was delicious. The house salad was even great. Very reasonable prices for the amazing quality. Very recomended. To quote the Terminator: We'll be back." This is my favorite Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh. It has amazing sauces for their pastas and overall a great homemade taste. The main dishes come with a salad or soup to start with and bread. The staff is always friendly and provides excellent service.  and I wish this restaurant luck and fortune in the future."  make a reservation as this place books fast and is small.   Nothing like it in Shadyside." "TREATED BADLY. We had a 7:30 reservation for four adults. We arrived and reported in early (5-10 minutes). There was NO organization as far as a list or order and because of that the owner kept seating locals and our party -- as well as another from out of town -- just waited in the street. Tables were finished and bills settled  but yours are the meals that all others will be judged against  but I'm so glad we did... I wasn't aware that it was downstairs... We were seated right away... Got menus and drinks quickly... The menu was short & precise & included a daily special... Our meals were all fabulous... The bean & sausage soup was so flavorful... I ordered the penne pasta with sausage & I've never had a better Italian meal... My family ordered the Lobster Ravioli "I had a reservation with my family for 6:00pm after being told by someone local that it was a great restaurant. I even called the day before our reservation to confirm and was told we were all set. We arrived 10 minutes before the reservation to people waiting on the sidewalk to be seated with every table filled. The owner was confrontational when told him we had a reservation and said he could not kick people out of their seats. He took our phone number and said he would call us when a table was ready...he never called. Basically  the party stops there. The main courses are EXTREMELY overpriced (not unusual for Walnut St.). But if you're gonna charge $15 for penne with marinara sauce at least make it ""to order"". The owner has a glass of wine welded to his hand at all times...hardly the sign of a serious restauranteur. These guys are benefiting hugely from their location and the fact that Shadyside is home to A LOT of rich people who care as much (if not more) about ambience and less about taste."  I had a great time there. Although the place was a little small and the tables are pretty close to each other Just not as good as it should be .... as it used to be. I was beyond pleased with the food and the service. It is now on my list as a favorite." "Girasole is 2 doors north of Walnut Street. it is in the basement. The tables are small and close together.  Our food was good.  We were seated promptly at 6pm both times.  It fills up after that.  There are about 5 outdoor tables including 2 on the sidewalk. Prices are moderate.  It is clearly popular with locals.  Girasole has a full bar. Of the 5 restaurants we ate at in our 6 day visit to Pittsburgh  perfection- true Italian!!! The Tuscan stone walls and simple copper table is a perfect spot for an intimate dinner- whether catching up with a close girlfriend or a celebratory anniversary dinner with your sweetheart. I am 30 years old  which was fine. The Owner host responded by shrugging and showing me a random piece of paper. I told him I didn't know what that meant and he laughed. Apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated. I told him I was just asking how long the wait was and he responded that he was sorry it didn't say it right. My husband and I left and I said we wouldn't be coming back. He shouted out the door at us with a full restaurant and a large wait ""What the hell is wrong with you.""  I'm generally not one to make a scene and I regularly go to busy places  only complaint is that it is a little cramped inside" On Tuesdays they have a singer who walks around .  It's a very nice place to go and gets very crowded since it's a tiny place.    Sitting outside when it's nice out with a glass of wine is the way to go."  and authentic Italian. Definitely the best in Pittsburgh! It even gives my mom's Italian red sauce serious competition  but only added to the charm.  Linguine Rustic was full  of clams and tasty.  Rigatoni with meat sauce was hearty and tasty.  Probably not good for groups  but only added to the charm.  Linguine Rustic was full  of clams and tasty.  Rigatoni with meat sauce was hearty and tasty.  Probably not good for groups  Girasole came to mind because it had left such a good impression on us. I called just to simply see if they were open on Christmas Eve. A man answered the phone and when I asked if they would be open his response was "Crowded and noisy. Jimmy Pie and his staff don't help as they yell to each other over the dinners noise. Too much loud cackling. So I suppose some of the dinners are drinking as much as Jimmy whose wine glass is never empty. We had scallops with risotto and spinach ravioli We will definitely be back - our total was just over $100 for four cocktails  great service. I got the short rib special and it was melt in my mouth delicious." Not interested in BYOB? Girasole's Pinot Grigio is always nice."  my favorite part of the meal was actually their side salad. I also loved how their olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette dispenser was all in one for their complimentary bread. I also chose to try their Turkish coffee gelato which was the best coffee gelato I've had in awhile. I definitely will come back when it's less busy and hopefully I can change my opinion about the service." Owned by an alcoholic who is belligerent to customers. We made a reservation and when we arrived my girlfriend and her sister were yelled at by the drunk owner who insisted we sit outside ITS JANUARY and then proceeded to drop glasses off the table during his fumbling attempts to bus it. I dont understand who could possibly give this man their money to be insulted and disrespected. This place should be reported its a stain on the city of pittsburgh we will NEVER go back. Really nice place and amazing food. The pollois juicy and delicious roasted duckEverything is good except its a little too crowed  very cozy warm and inviting.  I feel like I am back in Italy.  The gentleman who walks around checking on tables always compliments my little daughter and the servers are wonderful!!!  The next comment is for hippy curvy girls that love to eat but then feel bad about it.  My favorite part of Girasole is the poster on the wall of Sophia Loren  like a week night or something. I don't like not being able to see my waiter even because he can't fit between the tables. I mean like tighter than the Cheesecake Factory tables but tables in the isle way as well...ridiculous...it also was awful there was no where to stand or any sort of order as to how people were seated." Will definitely return for another special occasion!" The restaurant can be very crowded  and crazy GOOD. Must try escarole and beans!  A true treat!!  Don't miss it!" "MY LINGUINI RUSTICA WAS AWEFUL..  Wish I would have said something before I forced the heart attack salt block down...  That being said everything else was fantastic.  Tryed some other things people at my table had and it was wonderful.  Really though someone had to have messed up my dish.  The clams were awesome but someone had to have spilt the salt in my food and still let it go out?  Deserts were nothing less than stellar  and the entrees were slightly less delicious but still good nonetheless. Would recommend as a place to eat  we love to come here. Everything from the fresh daily specials to great Italian pasta dishes you can't go wrong."  nothing particularly memorable but he was nice and on top of things. the food was also fine but that's as far as i'll go - totally underwhelming Their chicken entree with pasta is amazing as well."  I definitely won't bring any type of alcohol." Not off to a good start. I was looking to make reservations for tonight and knowing the marathon is tomorrow I figured I would look a little outside of the city. I came across this restaurant and thought it looked charming and the food looks nice. I called and a man answered and told me to hold on. Then asked me what I wanted. I asked if they were taking reservations and he said nothing till 10 in a very rude tone. I said ok thank you have a.... And he hung up on me. Won't even bother checking this place out if that's how they treat customers. I will give your neighbors the business because they were not rude to me on the phone. The rudest customer service I have experienced in Pittsburgh. I will not be coming back. Big shout out and thank you to Madi for her amazing service on our last visit!" It's better than olive garden in some respects  the service was prompt and we like that! Keep in mind parking is going to be tricky and you may have to walk to get here but it is worth it!" xgK6AAhJ-cYBUCSaLzgTuw "We ordered ravioli and aglio e olio with soup and salad. It was the best ravioli in Pittsburgh. You can meet a gentle owner  but it's delicious. I've had ravioli and a number of other items from their seasonal menus--all great! It's certainly a little pricey "The food is always amazing!  They also catered our wedding.  Everything ran smoothly One of my favorites! Always good food and friendly service! A bit cramped but great atmosphere! "Wonderful dinner with good company . I really enjoy the mussel appetizer. And. Steak dinner    the food was awesome!   This was the second time there & I would always recommend going there!" Overall not impressed."  Vito and the rest of the crew. We brought my family here from Philly for a surprise dinner. The best!"  so we surprised my folks with an impromptu drive across the state for a one-night adventure. Dinner was flat out perfect "the food is really good and homemade. pizza really good  good pizza and reasonable prices for a non-chain small business.  I've always done take out but when picking up have noticed the interior is probably exactly the same as when it opened many decades ago.  I guess that adds charm for some and is a detractor to others.  Nonetheless  not dine-in.  If you want good fish in Belmont go to catfish Cove or Amber Jack's Or Captain D's Don't waste your time or money.  My salad had a rotten tomato and a hair (not mine).  My waitress never offered another hairless salad even if I had wanted one.  The broiled flounder wasn't very hot and neither were my steamed veggies.  Both were SO BLAND I could have prepared a better version at home.  My mom had spaghetti with meat sauce and said it was just mediocre.  The owner asked how our meal was when I paid and insisted they use fresh tomatoes.  I'm sure they do but I had to spit mine out.  She discounted our drinks but I'll never be back! The eggplant Parmesan is FABULOUS!   My friend always has the pizza and says it is really good.  Service is friendly.  Its clean.  Local place that I will continue to come back to again and again! I did like the place and like the idea of an owner run small restaurant.  A little fine tuning with service and double check the tomatoes would bring it up to 4 stars."  the wait staff makes you feel at home & it is a good place to relax and have a few drinks with friends." "The food is always good here.  You taste the specials and you know there is talent behind the food. Wished they ran lunch specials every day.  Drinks are stiff  it must have been in the back because we were watching sports on an antique television over the bar. They did have $1 Budweiser cans when we were there and Southern Tier on draft. Seems to be something on special most days."  the prices are crazy high!" Have been a few times. Food is usually ok. Nothing to brag about. But last night it took 1.5 hrs to get a burger. Management didn't even come by table to apologize about the wait. You would think they would a least do that. Waiter was great tho. Atmosphere was warm and non pretentious" Here for trivia night on Tuesday night. Love me some Christina but they are way under staffed. It took almost an hour to get out food. Good food but this is ridiculous.  We had to go to the bar to order drinks. They need to get some help in here or people will stop coming! Service has improved and the food is good We had a great time there tonight- there were 7 of us. The food was terrific and the service was great! We will definitely be back the next time we're in town!  I would've expected it to at least be edible. The hollandaise sauce was sour and had a horrible vinegar taste to it. The only decent part of the meal was the potatoes Never realyl a huge complaint on any of the food." Great burgers!  Used for catering a number of times.  Very good!  Did an amazing breakfast for my staff! Hm... well it WAS $5.65 after tax for a huge plate." I should have known better than to give into mall food cravings...not worth the calories. But hey on a positive note I did find my dress size at CP Mall!" "I don't understand the super low reviews on here "I too don't understand the low ratings for this place. As others have said you've got to keep your expectations in perspective when visiting a mall food court. For a quick and tasty fast food experience I really love Sarku Japan. They do cook the food fresh to order and I usually order their Teriyaki chicken special. Their teriyaki isn't too sweet which I like and it carmelizes on the chicken for a really great flavor. Because I'm a big guy who likes to eat I get the double meat "Not bad for a quick lunch....the teriyaki chicken meal is something you can't beat.  It's fresh and somewhat healthy.  The vegetables are my favorite.  And I definitely recommend fried rice over white rice.  They give you a lot of food  but it's definitely a must visit if you're an Italian food fan...which I have no idea who isn't. From the uniqueness & tackiness of the place They also offer curbside service if you aren't feeling the atmosphere Last visit 4 of us went....3 of us were sick for several days after...2 ended up at emergency room for IV...1 went to doctor for phenegren.....we will not be back after that experience for sure!!!"  we had a very affordable dinner for the 3 of us with the small sized portions. Our waitress was attentive and our meal was quite tasty. I wouldnt give them 4 stars as our waitress did forget to bring us our bread and marinara sauce and needed to be reminded but other than that The room we were in was surprisingly quiet which was nice - we could all hear each other speak! I would go back with a large party - when I save some money!" SVKC_-gIQFkHElZ6bFsE6g SVKC_-gIQFkHElZ6bFsE6g  too many good Italian restaurants in the area that are better" "We have been to Buca several times and generally have had a good experience.  We had the spaghetti and meatballs and lasagna.  It is family dining and the portions are large.  A small spaghetti is enough for two people and the same goes for the appetizers.  Good value. The food is good but nothing to rave about.  It is a place to go with the kids and have a decent meal.  However  then showup to get our orders and its still not ready often we'll have to sit there and wait another 10-20 mins like they didn't start it until we got there. The food is so good  but on each visit the service was a-ok.  The wait can be a little long depending on what time you get here I have a suggestion on where this place can shove a few of their meatballs."  I want to taste as many different things I can "I  enjoyed the ambiance of Buca di Beppo at Universal City Walk in L.A. so I decided to book our Christmas Eve dinner at the more local to us Buca. The family had never been and I knew it would be fun. As you can imagine on Christmas Eve SVKC_-gIQFkHElZ6bFsE6g "Just went here for dinner. Dinners are family style and leave your appetite satisfied. Small spaghetti order has 2fist sized meatballs and can feed 3 people easily . Friendly service. But divey on purpose. Supposed to look like Joe's basement in 1960's era NY or NJ . Food better than average  the service here on the times we have visited has never knocked our socks off. Just okay. Very dim lighting somewhere between romantic and creepy. It is a little overpriced even with coupons for the quality of food. The garlic knots and calamari are consistently tasty. Not a place we want to run to on a regular My only complaint is that their only Charlotte location is in Pineville and rather tough to get to for me. But when I'm in the area Love the atmosphere here. Great for large groups and celebrations!  they walk you through the kitchen (which has a table for patrons to eat their meals at).   The only plus side of going here for meals." No hurry to go back there... ever."  she proceeded to take my dates credit card and flirt with him some more! She touched his chest and asked if he had any brothers. Holy...cannoli... get me out of here! I was happy to leave  went with a friend on a Saturday. Amazing pasta and variety of items. What makes it even better is the fact that they walk you through their kitchen before sitting you down on a table. Awesome food and good waiters. Prices are good too."  salad....everything was great. Big groups are a must and they have monthly specials that cater to all celbrations that you may be planning." We had a great experience at this restaurant. Everything we ordered tasted fantastic. The chicken Parmesan was fantastic and the tiramisu was awesome. It's is a great place to go with a large crowd. Would we return? Probably not." Came for Thanksgiving thought it would be nice for a change boy was I wrong made reservations 2 weeks ahead of time was supposed to get kitchen table didn't get it ! Then went to order gnocchi waiter brand new says they don't have ordered a Guinness beer says we have it be right back comes back like 15 minutes later to tell me they don't have.this place used to be good boy did it go down hill ! So disappointed ! Originally left a bad reviw. Bur since then I was contacted by the district manager. You really seem to care about this restaurant's reputation. He said they're making improvements and that I should try it again. I told him I would and I will hold my review until I do that again. Everybody deserves a second chance.  but I think I'll be skipping Buca next time I need a fix for Italian." Suggestion to the restaurant - move your dumpster.  It sits prominently in the parking area on the same side as the main entrance.  And  but probably not on our own. I rounded up a 3.5 trip due to the great staff and eclectic atmosphere." When I walk up front ask host if I can get a bigger table. She gave me an attitude. And was like ""sure"". Never got a apology for cramming us into a small table. The place is a family style with big dishes. The way they had us seated we wouldn't been able too move to grab our food. Terrible customer service and it was my birthday. Disappointment. Will never return to the restaurant."  yummy :) we ordered chicken  Parmesan family size for 3 of us and packed one for our other friend   great atmosphere! Mmm table bread  reasonably priced!!  Definitely an option for those who enjoy old school style Italian." I normally would not rave about a chain restaurant  I would be visiting the location in my home town of San Diego.  Reminds me of the wonderful old school Italian reataurants in Newport Beach and Anaheim (near Disneyland) that our family frequented as children. Food was excellent and better than what I was expecting." This place really should receive a total of negative stars but yelp wouldn't let us post.   Sad" "I was less than impressed. The meatballs were greasy and very bland. The price was extremely high for food that was bland and not impressive. Based on the reviews I was excited to try  I would say stay home drink beer and make macaroni and cheese!" Excellent southern Italian style dishes. Food is served family style so a small portion will feed two people. Avoid anything made with aioli as they do not do a good job with this.  is enough for five people. And we also had what we thought was going to be ONE canoli but was actually three of 'em. Oy  and whoever the tall man was who served the table next to us was extremely patient and helpful with his table. He was super nice seeing how they arrived minutes after closing time. He took his time with them and never acted irritated. Will definitely be back!"  but entre's came out 50 mins later. Ordered eggplant parmigiana. Tasted burned. Waitress took my credit card and we waited almost 10 minutes for our credit card slip and she was so unorganized."  I'd estimate they'd popped it in the microwave for maybe 30 seconds. It's a shame the food is so bad though because the decor is fantastic and This place may be worth the money for the regular menu (never been there for that though) but felt cheated on this TG meal."  but its distracting almost on purpose. As if the food is not the real star of the show. It shows in the flavors. The service is great but again just too over the top with a way too long intro about every single portion of he menu. My server lost me towards the end. He was very attentive at first with his long spiel but then we barely saw him. All in all I would go back for the regular menu." I recommend getting your bread when you sit down if it is crowded because it may take a while to get your food. I have been ere several times and my favorite dish is the eggplant Parmesan one. There is also a really good seafood pasta  they do still let you go thru the kitchen and even have a table in there for those who want to eat in it so I gotta give them kudos for that. The only real problem we had this time was that our server was super slow in getting to us and kept forgetting a plate for me because he thought there were 6 of us vs. the actual 7. He took so long one time The portions are huge and the food is very good but pricey. Everything is a la carte. Service is super slow  then when she got that figured  out I was VERYclear that I wanted white clam sauce. We wait for  30 minutes  for our food and when the linguini  comes out its  got lots of clams nut no white sauce.  Instead it's a runny broth at the bottom  of  the  bowl. I told the waitress that this is not what I ordered  so she went and got the manager.  When the manager  came out he explained  that this runny  brown  broth at the bottom  of my bowl was a white sauce. I told him to take dish back. Once again  we leave this place unhappy  and dissatisfied. We will never go back again. This food is just crap."  tonight I ordered Shrimp Fra Diavola. I made sure I asked for extra sauce(just in case). Needless to say I was disappointed again! Who puts 10 shrimp in a large pan of penne noodles that is supposed to feed at least 4 people(seriously I counted).  Thanks but no thanks Buca "This restaurant is next to Carolina Place Mall. They serve family style. A small size  feeds two people and a large size feeds four people. This restaurant is decorated with bunch of antique pictures and it has plenty of seats and tables inside. I bought two Groupon deals for this restaurant. Both times the services were great. The hostess or host will give you a kitchen tour. They will serve you bread in the beginning. We had the cheesy bread sticks and they were delicious. Nice and warm. Their portions are huge. The first time we had the spaghetti marinara and it was good. The second time we went we had Beppo""s Soffici Cuscini and the small size was huge for two people. We did have a brownie sundae and it was big as my head. It was enough for four people to eat it. In my opinion the restaurant wasn't loud. A wonderful place for family to dine in. Without the Groupon deal it is pricey. A small size runs between 14-22 dollars." Love this place. Great food great entertainment. Can't wait to go back Terrible!!!!   Shoved 7 of us into s 6 person booth in the kitchen and then we were shown every dish on the menu while our food took over 2 hours. Our waitress didn't even bother to show her face the manager had to wrap things up Very good food and great service! You get a lot of food for what you pay for. I would highly recommend coming here if you're craving Italian. The cheesy garlic bread is a must. "Ordered a veggie pizza. $20.00 for a sparsely covered pie. There were about five pieces of each veg. On the whole pie. It was also barely cooked  but the last two times I've been here the service has gotten worse and worse. Last time we waited 20m just for someone to come and take our drink order. Asked to see the MOD several times and no one promptly showed up. At the end of dinner the MOD came by didn't comp anything off our bill and just made poor excuses for the staffs lack of professionalism and speed. I haven't been back lately. I do enjoy the baked rigatoni with a side meatball. My mom always orders the alfredo. Portions are meant to be shared but we don't  and there was a piece of plastic in the lasagna the other couple ordered. Dinner ruined because who knows what else we could've bitten into  they forgot to defrost the cake- causing us to wait another hour after they served us food for it to arrive. They gave us a $100 gift card to make up for it. The third time we went to use the gift card Parking was a bit tight - the parking lot isn't very big. Food was decent and the staff was very friendly. No surly waiters or waitresses at this establishment." Worst customer service. Staff very rude. On plus side there portions are huge. Never had problem at other locations. Manager and person who takes to go orders need some courses to have better customer service and communication skills . Will not return at this location!!!!  you can sit outside or smoke.  Italian dishes are uniformly above average and border on greatness.  Things like the cheesecake that tastes like soap and chalk ruin it.  The indifferent service here after a night with a spectacular server in Plano Mama Ricotta will be a better option.  Management very rude and customer service is very poor.  Don'T WASTE YOUR TIME or money!  but I hate it. The service has been crappy the past few times we have been here Entire restaurant had two tables - mine and one other.  Staff that was suppose to seat guest had to be torn away from her phone in order to get a seat.  Strange odor - musty old smell.  Other table was trying to check out and the bartender and manager (?) were too busy with health inspectors to even let them pay their bill.  My bread - which came out promptly was stone cold but the eggplant Parmesan was very good ... but could use more cheese but that's just my preference.  Not sure it's worth another try but perhaps the inspectors had them off their normal routine. Standards - non existent."  and hopefully they will fix their ""to go cup"" problem as they didn't have lids for the Mimi's Cafe cups they used." SVKC_-gIQFkHElZ6bFsE6g Unique atmosphere! Great food. But a $140 dinner for 2 I expect more. Birthday celebration & dessert isn't free? Fine. But at least make the cheesecake as the menu states. Service was sub par at best. Made my decision easy to never go back again. Restaurant is interesting yet confusing. I got lost going back from the bathroom. Lasagna is out of this world. Never ending layers and it seriously melts in your mouth. Enough for two people! We also for a side of meatball. Very huge and delicious! Bread is good too.  the hostess barely acknowledge us. I expect she was a stand in as later another hostess took over and we were seated. Then  the problem started. We ordered a bottle of wine and two draft beers. Waiter returned to tell us the tap was dry on our option of beer would we like another option. (well first its Friday night how do you run out of Bud Light at 7:30 on Friday night) -- then we were told they had Miller light on Draft..... 15 min later ....know miller light was out (Friday night). Dan (our server was the king of excuses). Then he offered Coors light.... (but said if we don't have that what do you want from the bottle). I stated bring me a Bottle of Bud Light and a list of what is in stock. Got the  first Bud light after Salads had arrived and we were on the second helping. We asked for bread... 15 min later it arrives (I kid you not). He took our entree order and second round of drinks. The food was fine. The drink issues ran all night. The service was awful. The table beside us turned twice while we sat an waited for various items. This was my son in laws birthday. TOOK 30 min for his ice cream   happy birthday song to arrive. Dan was in the weeds all night ... no one really helped him. We were very disappointed. $158.13 bill for four-- sorry I expect much better service! Did I say we didn't even leave the restaurant until 10:30pm 3 hours for a simple order. Oh and on the way out  it is family style. But what if not everyone wants the same thing? Then pay a ridiculous amount for a single serving? The drinks and salads are also soooo pricey. Nothing special."  and 11 month old daughter ate here for Christmas. We could not have asked for better service. We were invited to sit in the kitchen Wow this place is fantastic!  The service was excellent from start to finish.  The hostesses were very gracious and gave us a warm greeting.  My wife and i were celebrating our 2 and a half month anniversary so obviously we had to go big or go home.  I love this calamari its a good thing squid have so many legs because the sauce was kickin!!!!  The quatro al forno is a must and if you have a big group be sure to have the brownie sundae!  The management was also very friendly.  Will be back!!!  it assured my expectations would be met or even exceeded. I made reservations through OpenTable and was certainly glad I did as there was an hour and a half wait without one.  The service was excellent from the hostess to waitress.  The Fettuccine Supremo was underwhelming as there wasn't any seasoning or much taste to it- I had to add salt and pepper to liven it up. All of the other dishes I observed other people order looked amazing and it seemed as if the taste matches it. Maybe I'll try another dish and my palette will be satisfied the next go 'round.  Oh yeah  but just one more. I am generally a positive person and most of my reviews are 3 or 4  especially when the portions are so large. To finish off the experience our waitress explained to us how their kitchen has a problem with getting hair into food. It more than less ruined our dining experience."  the waitress said she was going to have us do it because they were having issues with hair getting into the food when they boxed it up in the kitchen. She went on and on about it. Completely ruined our meal. All 7 of us left saying that Buca used to be good We went with a group last night and expectations were high as my fianc has been there before. The food was excellent and the service was OK and the food took a long time to get out. My main grumble is the amount of food for the price is not worth it! If you're spending $21 and family sale for three it should feed more than one and a half. Very expensive for what you get! "When it comes to a family or group dinner bucca is a great place to go. They have a nice variety of italian style meals If it was not for Eric and the servers we had I'd give this place 1 star and a BBB complaint because that woman who came out arrived with nothing but conflict in mind. That was a great showcase of poor management; Eric shouldn't be there doing damage control for another manager's behavior. The servers were tipped handsomely for their awesome service & upbeat personalities  cold when it arrived to our table. We all had very high expectations and we were not pleased all not even with the service.  We weren't greeted by a host etc. Will most definitely not be returning." First off I used to enjoy coming here but me and my wife came in and was seated in drank to glasses of tea before the bartender took our order. Our waitress Kaitlyn walked past is four times.  I guess since we didn't drink she didn't want to serve us when the waiters came to fill our glasses they were somewhat detached our appetizers went to another table while we were the only ones sitting in the area without any food.  This is a nice place to come to eat but the staff sucks.. Definitely won't be coming back here again u guys SUCK also was mad that we used a birthday coupon JEEZ.  birthday dessert was a bowl of whipped cream. Expected more for 150 bucks for 4 people ."  but I do expect to get what I pay for. Baked ziti is supposed to have a lot of cheese and sauce. We paid 32.00 for a box of ziti with mozzarella sprinkled on top and maybe a spoonful of ricotta cheese when I complained the excuse I was given was that a lot of people don't like a lot of cheese in it. Isn't that what baked ziti is? And the veal was dry. I did complain and was apologized for it but was not asked to see the manager until we were about to leave. Not good customer service. I stupidly let it go. Not all of it was bad but I was very disappointed. :(" This experience recently on a Saturday happened to be after a 4 mile run so we were super super hungry.  I was pleasantly surprised since they offer some new healthy options.  I had the wheat french toast combo with turkey bacon and scrambled egg beater eggs.  Not too bad for 490 calories.  Good way to start the day." If you're worried about shenanigans dining there late at night don't worry. Pineville stations an officer there from 12am - 5am." Oh and the straw came as we were paying. Not our best IHOP experience."  well it is very cheap & its closer to the house than driving down to Carrowinds to go to Cracker Barrel." We went to iHOP this evening. Spring was out so we got served by Bob the manager. We both had sweet tea and ham & egg melts with fries. Everything was good. Bob is a good waitress. He was prompt with our drink refills. We were greeted by Tracy the manager who decided to serve us along with our faithful waitress Sky. We sat in our usual booth & had a couple sweet teas. My wife had wings and a salad. I had a burger without the bacon interwoven into it. Overall it was a good meal with a lot of iHop gossip being passed along. Spring seated us in the back section tonight.  We both settled for sweet tea. My wife ordered biscuits and gravy. I ordered a spinach and mushroom omelet with a side of buttermilk pancakes and sausage. I ate all the pancakes and most of the omelet. I think I should just stick to pancakes. Tonight we met the crazy crack lady. She appeared at our booth to inform us that her Lincoln had a leaky fuel line & what were we going to do about it? Since all the garages were closed for the evening I suggested that she talk with Tracey the manager. Tracey handed her off to someone else & she slowly started to make the rounds of the customers in the restaurant. Tracey let us out a side door in the kitchen to get away from her. LOL. My wife & I were back at iHop in Pineville this evening. The restaurant was pretty empty. The manager told us that it was very full a couple hours ago because Tuesday night is kids eat free night. My wife had chicken & waffles & I had a new menu item the chicken fajita quesadilla with a side of onion rings. My wife inhaled her meal. I worked my way through mine. Ihop makes really good onion rings so it was a treat to eat there tonight. Tonight we're seated close to the kitchen. There's a bunch of adult children seated around us. Bob is the manager tonight and Spring is our server. Matt is also serving tonight. He's as dour as he normally is. I ordered a sweet tea while my wife ordered a pepsi. I'm using a birthday coupon for a free entree for chocolate chip pancakes. Spring brought me an ice cream sundae on the house! She said they would sing happy birthday to me but I told them not to bother. The food was good. We had a good time. It's fairly crowded tonight. I keep asking myself why on earth I would want to eat here on my birthday. The only reason I could think of was that the servers are really entertaining. Its a good place to people watch and that night there were certainly a lot of different people to observe. Spring was our server tonight. I had pancakes with hot maple syrup & a sweet tea. I guess iHop pancakes are one of my comfort foods. I've never had a bad pancake at iHop. Josh is awesome!! Great server. Get the ayce pancakes. Yum! Spring & Matt were the only servers. Bob was manager that night. Ihop is still good comfort food." "Matt is our server tonight. I ordered a Bacon cheeseburger and a sweet tea with onion rings as the side. My wire ordered some breakfast thing. There are five people in here including us. We'd hoped for more dinner theater Even though the place is almost empty there are still enough people to watch. I'm going to order the all you can eat pancakes. My wife ordered wings and a house salad. Apparently 7pm is the dinner hour for older Charlotteans. The front of the restaurant was almost full. Service was slow but there were only two servers Matt & Tiffany. Tracey was the night manager. We go there to hang out & kill a few hours so slow service doesn't matter really to us anymore. The thing I really hate is the way that the food is presented. It looks nothing like it does on the menu.  Tiffany and Tracey are working tonight. Apparently Scarowinds is providing lots of late night traffic. There are a lot of teens here tonight and the ever watchful Pineville police officer. I ordered the ultimate Bacon something or other with pumpkin pancakes and a sweet tea. I hope its filling. I'm pretty hungry tonight. As it turned out I ate it all & it was really good. It didn't look anything like the menu though they really need to work on presentation." It's an absolute nightmare of people tonight. I had the jack cheddar potatoes with pumpkin pancakes and extra meat. Matt was my server. He forgot the larger plate for the pancakes. Tracey dyed her hair jet black! All in all good dinner theater and average food. When I was on my way out the door I encountered a group of teens involved with saving some girl's soul from the devil. Definitely an odd night.  but the food wasn't all that good. Most everything tasted like it had been sitting around for quite a while before being plated. Especially the potatoes. Not sure I would return." We went to iHop for brunch today 11 5 12 around noon & had Katrina as our server. It wasn't the best meal as far as service was concerned. I had to call her back to the table to refill my drink. Apparently my empty glass wasn't enough of a visual cue. The meal itself was average I'm trying the chicken tortilla soup and the French onion pot roast. I can safely say that I will never order either again. The soup was steaming hot and its primary flavor was salt. The pot roast by comparison had no flavor whatsoever. It was tender but the mushrooms and carmelized onions were not in evidence. To make matters worse the corn was flavorless and the mashed potatoes had no butter. Tiffany failed as our server tonight but Tracey stepped up and refreshed our drinks and brought me melted butter and grilled onions. The dining area is consistently clean; servers are great  3 pancakes with 4 sausage links. Hopefully it will be good. And... It was just fine. Not the best by any means but good food."  and they definitely do breakfast right (which makes sense given what an IHOP is).  My daughter and grandmother were very satisfied with their meals.  But stick with the breakfast menu.  Don't venture anywhere near the non-breakfast menu.  Then you should be fine." Ihop gets three stars for the service & the servers not the nasty omelette."  only warm. I think the grills are just for show. I think that they warm everything in an Easy Bake oven under a 10watt bulb." Cedric is our server. A nice polite young man. I ordered a breakfast sampler. The restaurant is absolutely packed this morning. The food was hot & delivered promptly. Cedric was a great server I'd be happy to have him serve us again. (4 14 13) I ordered an appetizer sampler and my wife ordered chicken strips this evening. The presentation wasn't awesome nor was the food artfully arranged but it was hot & delicious! I ordered the ultimate bacon and sausage platter with all you can eat pancakes. Spring is our server. The restaurant was pretty empty when we got there but slowly started to attract people as we ate. I suppose that most people don't see IHop as a Mother's Day destination which was good because it was very easy to get a table. The food would't win any awards but it hit the spot & the dinner show was always good. (5 24 13) Spring is our server this evening.  I ordered a cheeseburger and a side of onion rings. It was good. My wife ordered chicken tenders. The food was good but average. We mainly go to iHop to people watch & hang out with the staff. All in all a good evening. I had an omelet with red velvet pancakes & sweet tea. It was good  sausage links & buttermilk pancakes. My wife had the chicken fajita quesadillas & onion rings. Everything was great! The surprise at the end was special. Tiffany (7 14 13) Spring is our server this evening. I had the all you can eat pancakes & my wife had chicken wings. Everything was good.  Kay was awesome. Carolyn at check out was great too. Got my free birthday meal and just substituted it for something of equal value. Delicious breakfast and really quick." (10-3-13) We once again dined at Ihop. I had a one year anniversary certificate from the online Ihop club. I got an omelet & pumpkin pancakes. Matt was our server & the food was great!" Go there every other Thursday for my life group bible study and they are excellent with their customer service and the food is great and they know what I want when I get there and keeps sweet tea on my table. They like us being there b c of what we do and stand for. I ordered the all you can eat pancakes and four sausage links. Coty is our server though Matt & Cindy are here too. Everything was fine. It definitely was better than Waffle House. Food is good. Large selection of food from breakfast (Crazy huge omelets!) to dinner. Sometimes hard to make a quick decision." My wife ordered the new quesadillas. She's fully consumed one with no snide comments flying so it must be good." "Michelle is our server this evening.  I ordered a mushroom spinach burger with fries and an unsweetened tea. Unsurprisingly nothing had any flavor. The service was pretty bad as well. A shame really Food was very salty. I think I'm bout to have a heart attack. God took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten. Anyhoo I was so hungry I ignored the salty food and scarfed it down. There seasonal fruit contained 3 canned pineapples and 2 canned grapes. Don't go in with too high expectations and you'll do fine ..."  the second time she brought back chicken broth! Food was bland and tasteless and she never bothered to fill our drinks. Never coming back again  they just deal with a lot of shit! A lot of people running them to death and not wanting to tip. And trust me we know right away when your gonna tip or not. You go out you tip! Period! Anyways our most recent visit we had An amazing server.. I believe her name was Kay. I'll correct it if that's wrong... But she's the older Asian lady and she is beautifully sweet! She did a great job and made us all very comfortable. The manager and the hostess also checked on us and we loved it! She got a 30$ tip for being a good server! People start tipping your servers! We heard that day someone tipped a young girl a dollar?! A dollar?!!!! Stay at home trash! Trust me it's better if we get stiffed! But don't go out and have these people work hard and then complain because you want something for free! Pay for what you eat!!!!!!! You don't deserve anything!!!!!" In summary the service is very questionable.  You either get lucky and get your food quickly or you get stuck in limbo with no recourse.  My seven year old did not like leaving but told me in the car that we should never go back to the Pineville IHOP again ""As they broke a promise to get our food.""  I couldn't agree more." "Just love it here and especially when Kay is our server! She has to be one of my favorite servers of all time! She is so attentive and friendly  Definitely worth taking a trip and ask for Kay! She will take care of you Came here lit af just wanted some pancakes. Open 24 hours from Friday to Sunday it's 1:37 am Friday explain this to me. Free gucci Our waiter  is Nicole. At least  that's  what  his name tag  says. So far the drink order is right. Hopefully  the dishes  will be as tasty as I remember . The food that looked so good in the menu was a shadow of its photographic self. The food was tasty but it had no flavor. I suppose that's why there's such an array of sauces and ketchup on the table. What can I say we were one of 4 families in there around 12 in the afternoon not busy at all and the service was slow it was unacceptable! Never did I wait at an I-hop for my food for almost 30 minutes I wanted to walk out I was so frustrated and when we got our food the portions well I don't know what's going on but they were small leaving u hungry after u just ate! I will stick with Waffle House! "I've been going here for the last ten ish years and I've only had one decent experience here. I would not suggest this location but to drive a little extra to another location. The service is horrible I think that we'll wind up trying another iHop. As other diners have remarked the service has gone downhill at this one. What a shame." It's close to the office and at least good enough for a once every other month visit to change things up." I agree with the barrie h's comment to steer clear of the caesar salad  nothing unexpected.  Just a quick breakfast that leaves you with some change after a 5-spot.  Try that across the way or somewhere else along the over street walkways- hard  these folks do it right. Most of the employees have been there for years and take pride in providing great service!" Worth a visit if you're looking for upscale dining with authentic italian dishes."  the decor is a little stuffy.   But the staff is very friendly and the mood very relaxed.  The food is delicious and very reasonably priced (average entree is $20-25).  Check out their menu on their website: www.luceristorante.net ."  there were no no-dairy options. I had to  ask for them to make special accommodations The bill will come out a little bit more than average for the area but it's well worth it -- it manages to have class without extra pretense. I am going to be back." "A nice place to go on a special occasion or before seeing a show at the Blumenthal. Love love love the starter bread with the white been aioli We went there for restaurant week. The place is very cozy. Drinks are at least $8 a pop. The hostess was really accommodating and friendly. Unfortunately the food was far from impressive. They brought bread and bean which is yummy but there were not enough for eight of us. I'm not sure why you would bring 5 slices of bread on a table of 8 (we must look like those Atkins diet people). The crab salmon patty was overcook. The risotto was good. The dinner (some kind of fish) was salty. To make matter worse... I found a long blond hair in my fish. The waiter comp my meal out. The manager never come out and talk to us (I think he's too busy tasting the wines). In conclusion... yea... we're not coming back. The service was great and the manager checked in to see how everything was. We really had a nice time and enjoyed ourselves!! I will be back soon!!"  which I believe as she used the bread to mop up the remaining lemon caper sauce.  I had the gelato for dessert.  The day's flavor was coconut.  It was also delicious.  The service was perfect.  Attentive without being intrusive.  I have traveled to Italy and this ristorante compares with anything I found there.  One note Went with a large group on a weeknight and were instantly wowed by the elegant decor.  I ordered the Osso Bucco which was delicious.  Thumbs up!  so I was in a pasta type of mood and decided to try Luce to see if all the hype was legit..........and I'll just say that Luce has been added to my Italiano list:-)  I had the express lunch which includes bread  so I know my Italian and this place was an all around perfect dining experience. I tried: the gnocchis Top notch.  Highly recommended." Service was personal and efficient."  so I refrained. I ordered the osso bucco which was delicious although a tad on the lemony side. I had some of the rigatoni also which was equally delicious. The service was good considering we had a large party. I'm not sure what price range here is."  the Maitre'D was continously checking on us and making sure the night was enjoyable. Overall a great experience and will reuturn for special occasions." "Thanks to a business associate our group had a great dinner here.  Nice italian wine list  I got the Butterra and my wife got the Farcito and we were both eating off each others plates. I added a picture so you can see the portion size and presentation. We both drank Stella so not sure how their wine was  take yo broke ass home.""  (or to another The atmosphere leaves something to be desired. Fake columns. Very open and airy. There also was only a single other table being seated when I went for lunch on a weekday at 1 pm." Now for the food... I started with the panzanella salad there wasn't much taste in the dish it was under seasoned just plain. I  ordered the manicotti for my dinner - I wish I would have known before I took a bite how hot this dish was I could barely feel my tongue after that.  The manicotti was ok but not memorable.  The dish that not only looked really disappointing but as I was told by my guests I brought along with me it was tasteless too.  I'm not going to lie their chicken dishes looked like a lean cuisine you know those teeny tiny chicken breasts that come in lean cuisine meals well folks that is exactly what they got.  Although that was a sad dish the pork chop my boyfriend ordered was delicious and the veal shank was quite tasty as well.  Will I be back ...hmm not sure yet." "The decor is really nice and the food is amazing. After traveling Italy for four months I would still say that the gnocchi here is incredible! The only thing I didn't like was the lack of attention to the bathroom floors We love it and the veal sage ravioli is amazing. The Osso Buco to die for. This is not a place you go everyday but they own a lot of other places here in Charlotte. So you can get the same qaulity and a little less pricey. Osteria Coco in front is the and I believe meaa luna too.Really good Northern Italian Food Excellent service and good food.  Elegant atmosphere. I recommend the authentic ceasar with anchovies and fresh shaved parmesan.  They had a tomato and goat cheese soup as a daily special that was out of this world as well.  The Mare pasta was amazing....tons of fresh seafood throughout this dish.  Most places would serve the pasta itself at $12.95.  Instead  but it flows out to the floor staff as well.  This was a great choice and is a worthy contender for a romantic night out with one's significant other." I'll definitely be back....for the olives."  excellent sauce and pasta.  Salads were very good.  Buttera was excellent with rally good italian sausage and crisp pancetta.  The only disappointing dish was the piccata which was so overwhelmingly lemon flavored that both te meat and the spinach were hard to taste.  Semi freddo was to die for.  Service was slower than anticipated based on other reviews.  I would call it average.  Overall a very good meal and evening." We went here as a business dinner of 5 folks.  I found this restaurant totally amazing!  The staff was extra special helpful and the food choices were good for everyone.  I would highly recommend to come here for business or pleasure!  sweet and savory. Also the white bean salad dip that is put out with the bread is amazing. I would love to indulge by eating here again."  and super-attentive. The specials are always great & and the dessert is delicious. The menu has lots of options and changes frequently. I really enjoyed the perfectly cooked scallops with asparagus risotto. The custard was amazing. I really enjoy this restaurant and the friendly service." Overall this is an excellent restaurant! Recommend you checking it out."  and was informed they no longer do their $12.95 lunch special!  Still great food and service Grilled octopus is the best thing on the menu. Hands down" I was impressed by my experience at Luce's and look forward to returning again soon."  the only drawback was the 2.5 hour meal. An entire tenth of my day was spent at this restaurant. In some sense it was worth it  but when I went over to ask for the timeframe the server was apologetic and gave us a free appetizer. This was the theme through out the night. Amazing food  and the decor was point on. It was a beautiful restaurant and very romantic! I liked that they didn't want the guest to have to lift a finger save feeding yourself! I will definitely be back and would like to commend every person working this past tuesday night for the excellent service. I was really impressed and have told anyone who will listen about how great you guys were. Each person working went out of their way to ensure we were having the best experience possible and it worked. Thank you for making our date night a night to remember!"  Luce did a wonderful job and it's a wonderful placed to eat for those special occasions. The interior is a little small "My wife and I had a very nice dinner at Luce on a Wednesday night to celebrate our anniversary.   The food was excellent and the service was superb.  I ordered the Carbonara as an entree and she had a ravioli dish "I picked this restaurant for my birthday based on reviews and reputation.  I was not let down!  The ambiance was great (romantic but not stuffy) and the staff went above and beyond to make sure that our experience was special.  The food was great and very reasonably priced for the portion sizes.  The wine list was pricey  great service and outstanding food. Went with a big group for a business dinner  I expected a little more.  I probably won't be back but only because we are rarely in Charlotte and like to try different stuff." z24h6ZYnZiWjlDTuLXG9jw  we left and found free parking elsewhere to walk around Uptown.  So...I really don't know what the correct parking situation is there.  But at least two hours is free!" "Great place. Excellent experience. Had the scallops for my main dish. Amazing!  If I could give this place 10 stars  Luce was in one of the dinning books from the Charlotte area. We have to say they were short in describing this wonderful place. We had to call to change our reservation because we miscalculated a little our time and I was very impressed by their willingness to accommodate us. I even told my husband that they must not be that busy. Well I was wrong. They were busy but this did not stop them from delivering one the best dinning and customer service experiences we have seen in years. I called again to move my reservation one more time and was even more impressed when the person over the phone said to let them know when I would like to go and they would have a table for me. And they did. The place was full but we did not wait a minute. We were greeted right away and our waiter was with us in an instant. The place is gorgeous with a chandelier that I wanted to bring home. The food amazing and the service impeccable. The manager even walked us out and talked to us outside for a little. We definitely would like to see someplace like this in Miami. My husband ordered the osso buco and it was delicious. I ordered the eggplant pasta and my husband finished what I could not eat. They had a large selection of bod red and white wine. I can't remember if we ate dessert. But to me the best dessert was their magnificent hospitality and service. I want to go back!!!!"  I feel Charlotte has better options when it comes to a romantic dining experience.  I would consider Luce to be more of venue that fits the corporate setting." "Luce is a beautiful restaurant with amazing food and service. It was the perfect choice for our anniversary. The salad with goat cheese and poletna appetizers were amazing! The rigatoni buttera was scrumptious and the tiramisu  but not excellent. For $35 I expected a fresher and better tasting chop. I would have it again  this is a great date spot. It's really close to pretty much everything of interest in the Uptown area." This is a home run for Luce in my book. I plan to visit every time I am  here in Charlotte for a business trip."  they surprised us by bringing a chocolate cake with candle on top.. That was amazing!!!" "The food is pretty good.  The beans and bread they serve is pretty tasty.  I had the gnocchi which was pretty delicious The decor is cozy and I would suggest eating at the bar as it's really nice in there and small enough to remain and feel intimate.  Parking is vailidated through the restuarant if you park at Hearst Tower."  very helpful and attentive even though he had quite a few tables. My wife had the Spinach Tagliatelle which she loved  the mussels. Luce is worth going for the appetizers and desserts and enjoying a wonderful night." I would definitely return to Luce and as much as I loved the scallops  they were helpful and polite and they always made sure my table had water which was nice. nothing worse than waiters forgetting about giving you refills on drinks. I also had the bruschetta which was so good  but I did not leave overly impressed!  The atmosphere was nice but the food was just good not great!  I expected better for an upper tier italian restaurant."  but the servers knew what she could or could not have. Wine list was well paired to food. Our party of four had different desserts Ate there for the first time this evening. Everything from the service to the food was excellent. Will definitely be going back! Luce is one of the best for Italian in the Charlotte area.  I will be back and hope that you will too."  excellent service and delicious food. Gnocchi were excellent as were the shrimp and pasta dish. Next time will try the scallops. Would have gotten a 5 if creme brle was better. Great experience if looking for Italian in uptown."  it's so much faster than ordering them from the servers).  We had never been to Luce but had heard good things- and it lived up to our expectations!  This is hands down the best Italian restaurant we've been to in Charlotte.  We started with the Prosciutto e Mozzarella "I am super picky about my food and especially since I returned from Italy. This place is legit. Best Italian (fine dining) in Charlotte. I loved the primis  authentic Italian meal on New Year  in classic upscale Mediterranean ambiance." "A great twist on classic Italian.  This restaurant is always a good choice.  They are regularly changing up their menu and offering different dishes that combine classic Italian cuisine with a unique take.  The osabosuca is always a good choice along with their risotto.  Portions are plentiful and the staff is more than welcoming.  A great spot for a quick lunch or a long dinner.  Prices are moderate "Came here for a business dinner before the New England Patriots vs. Panthers game.  Had a loverly meal I've heard there are several options for good Italian food in CLT  real Italian food. One of my favorite places to go. Go here right now!!"  you won't be disappointed.  Had dinner there for my birthday a few years ago and was taken care of wonderfully by the owner."  I loved it. As I gazed around the restaurant I spotted nothing but men in suits- which I suppose is to be expected at an Uptown lunch spot. This brings me back to my original point- Luce is a good place for a refined business lunch. Great service and classic atmosphere."  but wasn't that impressed with the lunch prices. I would try other options next time for sure." I can't think of anything due to my food coma but it was all five stars!  The blackberry sorbet was a perfect finish.  food was better. Let the staff dictate your food and drink and you won't be disappointed!"  HOMEMADE PASTA! So rare to find at a restaurant yet so essential to having authentic Italian food. We split a bottle of montepulciano and I had the tagliolini and the flash fried calamari. It was divine perfection. Shrimp  con platos tradicionales bien preparados. Yo fui varias veces a cenar y nunca me desilusiono. Lo recomiendo mucho  but the flavors are to die for! The owner even came and introduced himself the first time we were there. We have been multiple times now  the mozzarella cheese that comes with the caprese (I'm not sure if it's in any other dish) Is some of the best I've ever had."   almost hotel-like. I look forward to returning."  this is some of the best food in Charlotte." "The best thing about this restaurant is the atmosphere. My husband and I went here during restaurant week & left feeling disappointed. Our waiter was not very attentive. The bread they bring out is good but the bean topping to go with it was overpowered with onions. We both got the seafood salad as an appetizer and it was just ok. Nothing spectacular. We both also had the lamb as an entree. It was cooked perfectly to medium & was very tender but it lacked seasoning. It would have been wonderful with some seasoning. For dessert I had the panna cotta. It was not impressive. The presentation was nice but it had no flavor. My husband had the chocolate cake which tasted like a frozen cake you get from the supermarket. The manager insisted it is made fresh in house but I'm not sure if I believe that. Overall we were very disappointed  and very professional. The food was amazing! The desserts were so rich and delicious. I highly recommend you check this place out it's wonderful."  not fake Italian places that you find everywhere. The espresso coffee is as good as you would get in Italy." The food was excellent and quite authentic. The octopus appetizer is very tasty as well as the carpaccio. I had the tagliolini and it was served HOT and had an abundance of succulent shrimp. I wanted to try their delicious sounding desserts  service and atmosphere. When we visit Charlotte we enjoy stating at the Dunhill We would absolutely recommend this wonderful restaurant and will be coming back."  but the sauce ruined everything. We can only describe the sauce as a thin tasteless substance with a hint of the flavor that comes out of a can of Chef Boyardee. I only ate bit of this gruel. We called for the check.  The staff did offer to bring us something else  and I truly mean perfect. The Agnolotti were like little pillows of pasta stuffed filled with veal Will definitely be back! Some of the best service in Charlotte!" We had a great meal! Service was outstanding also. We had the calamari appetizer and linguine with clams and osso bucco for an entree. The atmosphere is a bit quiet though.  the food superrior and the decor very nice what I saw of it...it was date night. Overall a lovely evening!" I had the ravioli and my fianc had the gnocchi.  Both dishes were great but the service was lackluster for this type of restaurant.  It took 10 min for our waitress to even come over.  We expected more from a service level but the food was pretty great. Had the agnolotti with a white semi dry wine. Service was great and the Caesar was exquisite. A must stop if in the area. Service was top notch!  he immediately gave us each a glass of champagne to celebrate. I thought was really nice of them! We ordered the calamari appetizer and it was good. Light and fluffy. I got the lasagna and it was melt in your mouth good. My boyfriend got the seafood pasta and it was also good. It was so pretty "By far my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  While the price point limits how often we can visit I'll come back for the mare pasta alone."  good waitstaff. The calamari was worthy of five stars. The rest of the experience was quite good  environment and specially everything was totally amazing !! Will deffinetley come back. Strongly recommended for everyone." Food was good but service was very slow. We had a reservation but still had to wait 30 mins.for a table.  Went to the bar for a drink in the mean time and had to wait much longer than normal to get our drinks. This was a business dinner with out of town associates so a little embarrassing. I Assume The Restaurant Was understaffed  for a full house on a Wednesday I've been here a few times with work. The service is not great. The food is good but nothing to write home about.  but the shrimp were really small. We were thinking they would be prawns. The branzino was also great We had a couple of mixups with the order (what type and when to bring out the salads) Any pasta dish or the Branzino are my favorites."  but the service is very down to earth. I would recommend this to anyone in Charlotte...it has to be the best Italian restaurant in the city!"  the high ceilings make you feel as if you can breath and then the food was superb!! Artful and simple at the same time. I had a delicious pasta starter of homemade linguini and crab and meyer lemon just exquisite!!! I had the lamb as my main entree Great service and very nice atmosphere.  I had the gnocchi and it was fantastic.  The bread and hummus were great.  It was very crowded on a Tuesday night with mostly a professional crowd.  I would definitely go back.  I also ad a very high quality caprese salad. "Had dinner here last night and loved it. The pasta was amazing "Hands down the best Italian in uptown. Great ambiance "Went here for restaurant week- I had the garganella pasta as my main meal which was delicious. My crudo and cannoli- so-so. The thing that turned me off from this restaurant was the service. It's not that they weren't attentive  and both times I was blown away. The halibut was cooked to perfection. Crisp & flaky on the outside and soft on the inside. Seasoned to PERFECTION. The Risotto had the perfect consistency. Not overcooked  most of the items I have eaten aren't really ""italian"" or prepared in a traditional way. What is worse is the food is bland. I can just say the food is OK. For the price you should expect better food and will get better food at most white linen restaurants Uptown."  but the one thing that makes me melt is the ""chocolate mousse cake"". Next time I will start with dessert 1st and work backwards."  but I'm not sure if I would return if in the area." The service started out a little slow.  Once we got our beverages the service picked up.  The food was delicious.  Their antipasto special was heavenly and the pasta I had was delicious too.  We also ordered Bruschetta and it was good but not something I will order again.  Yes we will go back! The bruschetta was one of the better ones I've had. What you would expect - just executed perfectly." If you like seafood and a tiny spice  it was quite a shock to me when he added that. I was then told to follow a server to my table. That server was on the other side of the room with no plans to come and properly show us to our table. As far as the food in concerned The service was very good. The food did not take that long to show up. It wasn't a horrible experience  as others have pointed out is tucked into the base of the Hearst. Easy enough to access." Excellent!  Went for a team dinner from work and everyone enjoyed their meals. I had the Mare and it was very good. Good wines as well.  this was the low point of the meal. I actually added salt from the shaker. Pasta e fagioli tasted reheated but still tasty. Before the veal chops  lead waiter and wait staff perform just like the trattoria in Ponte Canavasse Italy. ( Northern).  Food is excellent and true representation of Northern Italiano cuisine.  Can't say enough about the food.  Only negative is MORE BREADSTICKS(. authentico)"  2 appetizers and a bottle of wine for $235 + tip." Food was fantastic. Great selection of wine. Takes me back to Tuscany. Many returns are in my future. Service was spot on.  but I haven't been very satisfied with my last 2 visits.  The food that used to be so delicious was mediochre and barely food.  The food was oily and just plain ok.  Also i think our waiter was on math or something "We went on Saturday night.  Loved the bruschetta!  The best we'd had in a while.  The wine selection is a little over the top but everything else seemed reasonably priced.  The meat sauce on their spaghetti with meatballs was pleasantly rustic and garlicky.  The half chicken was huge but overall portions weren't ridiculous.  If we hadn't been out all day and starving by the time we got there thats it. Good atmosphere. and our server was enjoyable ( I'm trying to stay positive here.)"  then this place won't disappoint. You may even leave the place looking to download some Frank Sinatra when you get home." The menu contained everything you'd expect on an Italian restaurant menu and everything from the bread to the appetizer to the entree to the wine tasted delicious.  Frankie's is definitely a place you can take friends and family to impress them I wouldn't recommend a first time visit on Valentines Day." Are u kidding me $53 for a mediocre meal!!!!! That was nothing short of robbery. Dot get me wrong the interior design was great I just wish the food was good also!!!!!!!!!  but the waiter responded so apologetically and the turn around on a new dish was so fast that it didn't matter.  The manager came by shortly after as well and I think my meal was free  - customer service here is key.  It reminded me that a mistake in the kitchen won't ruin your meal if the people who work there care enough to fix it (looking at you Cabo Fish Taco!)"  but it was enough for me to eat two fulls meals.  I also got the side salad which came with a really great homade sundried tomato dressing (also the salad was under $3 which you don't find anywhere these days).  My boyfriend had the penne with meat sauce which he liked  when I come home to Charlotte I always try to get my parents to go there with me! Try going for lunch when the ginormous portions are a little smaller."  if you're looking for a family-friendly place.  I will note that the goat cheese mascarpone appetizer was awesome.  With those two ingredients  ""They think it is cool but it's not"" food.I came here expecting something special.  It's generic  it may be a long afternoon at work trying to stay awake. And with their wine selection If you are an Italian fan and a bit tired of the chain restaurants such as Olive Garden and Carabba's It can get a little crowded It's a great spot for group gatherings too. My office had its Christmas party here last year."  and love eating lots and lots "I've been here a handful of times and really love it.  Definitely try the goat cheese & marscapone (sp?) appetizer - so delicious - I could eat the whole thing by myself.  I've only ever had the penna alla vodka This is a very comfortable place and has great food.  They don't do anything that pushes the culinary envelope but what they do they do very well.  A friend took me here when I was relatively new to Charlotte because of my love of Nutella.  Mama's serves Nutella Pie - which is amazing.  If you want an easy and comfortable atmosphere and some great food then you have to head to Mama's  the refills and warm herb bread with a spicy chili oil kept coming. I was stuffed but satisfied. Not bad for my first Italian meal in North Carolina." Delicious!! I heard so many good things about this restaurant and finally tried it! Now it is one of my favorites in Charlotte. Their pork ribs are outstanding and I now crave the goat cheese and mascarpone appetizer. The portions were huge. My boyfriend and I splitt the pork ribs and we were both stuffed. Everything I've tried at Mama Ricotta's has been fabulous!  bread and chicken are so delicious. My only gripe was that the restaurant got crowded from time to time BTW: In the autumn and winter they do the best bread pudding. In fact I had to stop in there the other night just to pick up and order. Beware 1 order of bread pudding is more than enough for two people."  this is a great find.  I would definitely recommend Mama Ricotta's if you are in the mood for good Italian food at reasonable prices."  so I enjoyed a glass of wine and their delicious garlic rolls while we waited.  Never a bad way to start dinner.  Several of us had the garlic potato soup to start and it was terrific.  On Sunday nights apparently they offer rotating specials culled from one of their favorite Italian restaurants as a tribute.  Neat idea.  I had the Pork Saltimbocca special and really enjoyed it." MQnNtW1lHS-eid3QNUoUIw Worth a visit for sure!" Service has always been great- try to call ahead if you can"  of which 3 were stuck in traffic.  We told them this and they seated us anyway.  We called them knowing they were a few miuntes or better away.  We ordered drinks and food for them.  About 5 minutes later the hostess who sat us came back and started trying to talk us into squeezing into a table for 6.  I told her they were down the street and we had just ordered for them so there was no reason to switch.  She said there was another large party that was all here .... Just then the rest of our group showed up.  If they had not I would have left.  The server and the food that night were great and almost made me forget about the hostess.  Then we came again with some friends raving about the food.  Must have been a new chef.  The service was still great but EVERYTHING was really salted. The pizza The anipasto app is the best thing you can get outside of Brooklyn. There is no Italian south of jersey that can even compare. Trust me. I have searched north Carolina for 7 years to find something even tolerable and this is above and beyond.  offered to comp us a dessert and generally tried to make things right. It was unfortunate that the meal was unsalveageable." The food was very good and the service was excellent.  The location was a little difficult to find "Usually a great dinner experience... lunch today was a bit of a mess with my roasted veggie sandwich sitting around getting cold and soggy before it was served. However the manager asked how our food was and seemed genuinely interested  I have been here for brunch and it was asi asi...but really  we had the tomato and mozzarella appetizer.  WOW!  Simple dish but absolutely amazing.  Not sure what made it taste so fantastic but it might have been the olive oil that it was sitting in.  Then  and the new crew seems to have even stepped it up a notch.  This place seems to be humming along at least as well as ever before." First time was amazing.. Great service and food!  but likely due to bankers coming on lunchtime and nearby Ladies Who Lunch from Myers Park."  and the Benedict was so Stouffer's (accompanied by the blandest breakfast taters I've ever not eaten I can't wait to get back and try the ""New Haven"" style pizza I guess it's just another standard chain restaurant. Too bad. It could have been so much more." MQnNtW1lHS-eid3QNUoUIw  even with a private chef on site. If you ever need catering for an event I highly recommend Mama Ricotta's if you live in the uptown or Dilworth area for awesome Italian but I also highly suggest fitting in lots of cardio the following day. ;)" Wonderful. Affordable and delicious. Generous portions.   Arrivederci (no more) Mama Ricotta" Have not had a bad meal or experience and will regularly go back." Absolutely a great dining experience!   I will be back soon to partake of the regular menu  it's not feasible for me to commute in *just* to eat very often. This is a place I would take guests to." I'm never really able to answer. I guess there's something comforting about mediocrity."  so I tend to go off times.  Parking is not usually an issue.  The wait staff have been consistently helpful and attentive." Try this place you will not be sorry."  the sauce was salty and the bread was tasteless....this is a basic Italian dish which I would think could never be screwed up........geez! The penne alla vodka was also full of salt with hard and chewy noodles......glad I only paid $5 bucks! The bread pudding  it was just OK. The marinera sauce was bland...their pizza is great tho :)" I love Italian food at least as much as the next girl but if I am going to go out for it I want to be impressed and while Mama Ricotta's provided a good meal it didn't shine." I don't eat a lot of Italian food but next time I'm in the mood I'll give it another try because other Yelpers have had such a good experience here...and perhaps I'll order one of their sandwiches."  and fish. The nutella pie is a slice of death it's so good!!! It is also alarmingly large...I say eat some there and take it home for later!"  but you need look no further than Mama Ricotta's. An excellent location for good locale Italian food that has fantastic service and parking. Make sure to check it out!" Four stars are being given to Mama Ricotta's for their usual fare. For Charlotte Restaurant Week's offerings  Italian it is!  Atmosphere is very casual (so much so you can bring some rugrats and they'll fit in.)  Service was very attentive (maybe our gal tried a little too hard) I really want to give this 3 1 2 stars but halves are not allowed. The food was solid ok atmosphere but nothing I would HAVE to go back to. Pretty good wine list and about 5 super tuscans which is cool.  you can easily split this with your dinner partner.  The outdoor patio is so breezy and cozy you will love to linger over your wine.  The fireplace is a great touch and creates perfect setting for a romantic date." The Food at Mama Ricotta's is very good!  The Pasta Entrees  are fresh and they have a wide variety of Dishes!!!!!! mama ricotta's. I will be back   but wouldnt visit again. All the dishes were typical with no risks YUM YUM YUM!  That is all I can say!  Can't wait to go back! Mama Ricotta's is comfort.  Good ol' Americanized comfort.  Mmm." Oh and I dont know if it was me but the floor seemed super slippery!"  Mama Ricotta's is a must-try!" "Scrumptious. Got a personal pizza with gorgonzola I bet the negative reviews are from people that ordered a dish they would not like at any restaurant All in all..its a okay dinner place...not authentic Italian at all..Large family style portions Yumalishous to the max." "Food was really good and they have a great wine selection.  I will say we got there at 6:45 and the place was already packed full and the bar too.  Had to stand around for a bit.  Just my husband and I so we have some wine We'll be back. This place is every carb-loader's dream. (Heard the table behind me ordering pasta in preparation for the next day's Corporate Cup half marathon  reservations... eating an ""early"" dinner.  I'd say the earlier the better since it will give you more time to burn off all the yummy calories consumed." Expect a wait on the weekends (10-20 minutes at least). Parking is limited for the volume of weekend customers  which is even more attractive with the new greenway. Unfortunately it rained so we could not take a walk after the meal. We had a reservation and were seated within 7 minutes. Excellent waitress  I wasn't a fan of the caesar salad because the dressing taste like a tangy mayo.  Other than that it was pretty tasty food.  The service was excellent  I find myself a seat at the bar and order a nice big glass of wine. Beth has waited in me twice and I thinks she may be one of the nicest people that I have ever met! She knows the menu inside and out and has recommended some outstanding dishes. The first dish she suggested was not on the menu as it was the chef's special. It was a pasta with a braised beef that Had amazing food here. Chicken breast dishes give enough food to bring home another meal.  Tasty food with traditional italian seasoning. Suace homemade and delicious. Easy to park. Has outdoor seating I will say its rather inexpensive so compared to a luce or vivace i can see this being a fan fav."  Daniel.  Have been going here for many years and always enjoy the experience. Food is fresh and Italian (not wanna-be) I know that because I am too." All in all you should not be upset with your experience at Mama's." Would otherwise give it 3.5 *'s."  the tomato with mozzarella is stellar and the wine list is expansive enough.  We get the penne with chicken and broccoli every time (YUM) and like the standard angel hair pasta as well.  Very excited to come back and try their gluten-free menu next time I'm in town." I really liked the goat cheese app. and I will be going back here again." Service was excellent and the food was excellent. I'm sure we'll be back!" Mama Ricotta's is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Here's why. I like the atmosphere and I love the food. I like Italian and MR has some if the best Italian food in the city. The staff is good as well. My favorite dish is the chicken meatloaf served at lunch? It's a must try? Promise you'll like it. A definite dining pleasure."  doesn't look so pleasant from the outside but once you go inside it looks and feels pretty nice inside. The goat cheese bread appetizer is highly advisable to get and its an outstanding choice. For dinner I had the lasagna  this is my new favorite in Charlotte for dine-in Italian. A must!"  but never again will I go back with a large group & I'll make sure not to order wine next time."  chewy crust with just right amount of sauce.  We ordered the Joe's special and the sausage was absolutely amazing!!!" Melted cheese on each slice was the crowning glory and it was a hefty double portion.  Ate half  do yourself a favor and go to Dolce. You can actually hear them speaking Italian in the kitchen. And I have never had anything less than stellar service there."  the tiramisu has been lacking in cloud-like quality the last two times I've gone in to eat. It could be that I'm just getting the last slice of it or maybe they just changed their recipe. Either way i enjoy the food from Mama's it is my go to place for a good meal and wonderful service.  his table side manner was perfect for a relaxing and unwinding type dinner.  He did a great job selecting a wine that both me and my date really enjoyed." Oh and the last time I went I had the BEST server. His name sounded like Lavender but I know it wasn't Lavender. He was friendly I will add that the bread rolls served before the meal were quite nice." Great lunch recently at Mama Ricotta's.  This is a place I dined years ago when I lived in Charlotte and was thrilled to see things were as terrific as ever!   I look forward to having dinner there when I am back in Charlotte! Had the pasta special last night at Mama's and it was unreal.  Pure breast meat chicken bolognese in a tomato sauce with perfectly cooked rigatoni. Chef Drew hits another home run. This place didn't have the authentic taste I was looking for. The atmosphere is nice but the food quality was lacking.  delish! The service was great and the wine selection perfect! An enjoyable evening in the patio  I just sat at the bar.  The guy behind the bar was a bit busy since he was taking care of all the take-out orders.  The service was a bit ""meh"" but that's what I get for sitting at the bar. Next time I posted a full review on the blog Great food and great service. I'll go back again if I'm in downtown Charlotte in the future." Food was terrible service was ok. We were told it would be a 30-45 minute wait and it turned into an hour and a half wait. Totally not worth it.  not overly expensive.  The Marscapone dip was outstanding and the bread pudding dessert was one if the best I've had!  Go and enjoy the gluttony!"  helped me with anything needed. I ordered the ravioli in a vodka sauce. The sauce was thick buying felt like they used a meat sauce and could have been creamier. They bring bread but it just looks like seasoned frozen bad Great food! And they probably have one of the bet lasagna a in Charlotte!  they changed brands of Gorgonzola and  the pizza was too pungent to finish.  This visit we noticed the menu is getting lighter and lighter and not for the better. Even the rolls were almost stale. Glad we did not get the bread pudding for that probably would have been off too. I will say our server was great and very attentive.  Guess I will stick to a salad Definitely going back!!" best pizza in charlotte!!!! my favorite date night. Wait staff was very good.  Highly recommend this place if you're looking for some nice Italian.  Family friendly Our waiter Peggy was very polite and we enjoyed our food.  I really liked the warm bread. The service was excellent and there is a lot of seating which is good since they probably get super busy on weekends." If you haven't been to Mama Ricotta's in a while  the server was really bitchy (and it was a guy). I've never understood how someone who relies on tips is smug and rude. Anyway that paired with the mediocre food means I'm never going to intentionally go here. I'd opt for Fiamma One of our favorite Italian restaurants. We love the penne ala vodka with chicken and shrimp and the bruschetta is the best I have ever had. Their tomatoes are so fresh. We also love their garlic rolls that are complimentary. It's hard to stop eating them...lol. Prices are reasonable considering the portion sizes. Two people can eat off one entree.  food was good for the price." My husband and I tried this place a few weeks ago and absolutely loved it! The warm goat cheese appetizer is to DIE for! My husband ordered the pizza with in house made chicken sausage and was in love! I had the cheese ravioli and it was delicious. We will definitely be going back. Great service and atmosphere.  I was overjoyed when I tasted it. For my entree I ordered the roasted vegetable sandwich (we were there for lunch). It was splendid! The only thing I would've changed was maybe taking off the lettuce & tomato. I did love how nicely grilled the wrap was &  the salt content proved to be a bit extreme.  Great service!!" MQnNtW1lHS-eid3QNUoUIw  we told her we get the same dish over and over again and this time it was completely different. She apologized and was very polite but explained they rehired a previous chef and was not aware of the dish being any different since she is still new at her job. I don't know why this chef would completely change the perfected dish. I don't know what else this chef has changed but according to the atmosphere  drizzled with extra virgin olive oil and fresh basil.  It came with roasted red peppers and pine nuts.  The cheese was so fresh and delicious!!  We split a bottle of chianti that was very tasty for only $30.  Our pasta dishes came out amazing.  True and authentic Italian food!!!  Our waiter surprised us with a cannoli that had a candle in it and it was the tastiest one I ever had.  Coming from an Italian NY chick "Mediocre Italian food. I had a pizza and it was quite bland. The waiter was nice  was more than happy too. The two of them really made our night! The service here is great!!! So great that I booked my prom reservations here. The food was great as well! Only downside was no complementary bread The food here was just adequate. And the ridiculous part of our lunch was that the check  was delivered before the meal! What's that about? The waiter said they get really busy so they bring the check first. I've been eating out in restaurants for many years and no one has every brought the check before a morsel of food was eaten. The menu states that whole wheat pasta is available but never mentions it's a $1.50 up charge. I might return someday but I won't be anytime soon.  ending with the bread pudding (not listed on the menu) and the tiramisu are a must!!!!"  very good!  Service is usually really good.  The last time we were there the server was slow but very friendly.  I would put this in the top 5 Italian eateries in Charlotte." Great service.  Great food!! My favorite Italian in the city! When I picked up my food it was so nicely packed and delicious as well! I loved all of the food and would defnitely love to go back there again. Definitely a nice place to just go and have a quiet dinner with some friends. The wine and beer selection was pretty great as well!" The Nutella pie that everyone claims to be ""delicious"" does not taste like Nutella at all. It tastes like Peanut Butter cheese cake. I even asked the server if she had made a mistake and brought the wrong dessert and she said that it was the correct one. We then said: It tastes like Peanut Butter and she replied: Really? But doesn't Nutella tastes like Peanut Butter to you??? That response made me think that clearly that the restaurant may not even know what they are cooking." They do have $3 domestic pints on Thursdays which included OMB. My husband was happy about that.  The waitress was good Ate here on a Saturday night.   It was crowded but we had no wait. There's outdoor seating on a covered patio as well as indoor.  They serve warm garlic bows and bread with spicy dipping oil.   We had wood oven pizza with fresh mushrooms and Italian sausage.   Server grated fresh parmigiano over the top.   Molto Delicioso! The food is awesome and the service is good as well. I noticed they have a pizza oven as a center piece so I would love to try their pizza next time. But overall a great find for a really decent price. They also have family style dishes which is one of my favorite things ever so I plan on trying that very soon as well. A def must try at least once!" My wife and I went to this restaurant based on a Yelp recommendation. It was awesome. The penne Ala vodka was delicious. The tiramisu was unbelievable. Nice size portions and delicious flavors. We will definitely be back again. Every server we've had has been terrific both inside and on the patio. They have a cover on the patio and a fireplace going when it's cold. That's where we ate last time and really enjoyed the outdoor feel."  excellent service provided by Kelly.  We noticed this place fairly close to our hotel. I looked up the Yelp reviews and decided to check it out. Good choice." Loved this place. Prices were more than reasonable. The servings were enormous. I am usually a member of the clean plate club but could not finish. Appetizer was delicious had the coach cheese. Service was great and desert was tasty and huuuuuuge!  unfortunately Mama Ricottas looks like it may no longer be one of them."  and the covered patio overlooking the Greenway is a great spot in warm weather. There are better Italian restaurants in Charlotte PS don't leave without ordering a cannoli- or two!"  always share! There will be plenty!! Great service! Pasta and pizza are equally great!!"   Mark was attentive and the food.. yum.com. Love dining here!"  sauce was fantastic!  Chicken parm was great as well!  Hands down great meal!  Our server was also wonderful!  Very attentive!  Staff worked as a team and all were very friendly!  The Nutella pie and cannoli were AMAZING!" This place is always spot on. The wine selection is always excellent and the food makes you close your eyes and say wow!  Great for any occasion and really fun for a special occasion. Desserts...gotta safe room or just do it anyway. MQnNtW1lHS-eid3QNUoUIw We noticed that the dessert portions were enormous so we asked if we could be served just half of a tiramisu. Our waitress was absolutely accommodating and she made it happen. We weren't expecting to pay half price for the dessert we just didn't want the rest to go to waste stay away if you want real itialian food." I got the Amma's Cheese Ravioli with meat sauce and the BF got the Penne Alla Vodka. Both were so good. We will be back when we are craving Itlian."  NC! The ""Penne ala Vodka"" is an experience everyone must have before they choose their favorite spot!!  I take my clients there all the time!  Great atmosphere  or are celebrating a special occasion - as we did for our anniversary last night - Mama Ricotta's is one of our go-tos for a good meal." There were a lot of other dishes on our table that looked amazing so I'm definitely coming back for more goodies...and some dessert!"  mamas salad was good and out family pasta dishes were delicious!  Best thing there= Nutella pie!  Better than crack or so I hear!  Had to order to special for bday boy am it was devoured!"  in my opinion! I absolutely love this place! I take my family whenever they come into town. Great atmosphere The drinks specials were also delicious (I came when Mama-citas were the special)." I can't wait to go back." Easy to find and parking available. It's a little dressy which I wasn't prepared for in my Dawg sweatshirt. :) but good and affordable. Go if you get the chance!" MQnNtW1lHS-eid3QNUoUIw I have eaten here several times the last 4 years.  Every time I have had a 9 inch Pizza. It's delicious.   I suggest reserving ahead of time on the weekend. The Staff is always nice. The bread and cheesE ravioli were also excellent.  my husband and I normally order a family sized penne alla vodka there's plenty of food for both of us and we take some home. The other day I ordered the same size for take out  quaint with nice ambience. The food was excellent. They featured the Penne alas vodka and penne chicken and broccoli. If you're in the mood for good Italian cuisine  coming and going. The smell was amazing in here. The bar was pretty darn small (maybe a six seater). I'm now beginning to think NODA Jam Session is stalking me. I looked up and there she was staring back at me. House Cab was just okay and I thought $8 was a little steep for just okay. Bartender "Had a craving for Italian the other night and came here with my girlfriend.  Glad that we made a reservation as things were hopping on a Saturday night - had to push through several waiting parties to get in the door!  We had expected a bit more upscale decor  the only reason that I even gave this place 2 stars is because the service and the staff were pleasant and attentive." "I adore this casual and family-friendly restaurant.  Its quality is consistent and they are great for take-out or dine-in.  The Penne ala Vodka and tiramisu are delicious.  All the salads are great and I typically order the chopped or Mama's with a meal.   I also like their optional ""family-size"" portions which are great to share or just to guarantee that you'll have leftovers."  and great food! I tried the angel hair pasta with vegetables and tomato-cream sauce. Loved it!"  but couldn't get past my burnt mouth and being crammed into a corner table in the bar area with constant foot traffic area even after making advanced reservations."  I'm jumping straight to dessert. Nutella  pie!! I could stop my review right there and still be at a 4 star. That's the real deal. The angel hair pasta dish does not disappoint. It's the pizza that has won my heart. The first time I ordered it Update:  the management staff had contacted me a few times and have been very responsive. I look forward to returning and enjoying their food and service."  which I had a glass of and my husband enjoyed the local draft selections. Tiffany was friendly and made us feel at home. She went the extra mile to keep our drinks full and checked in to make sure we were happy with our meals. The penne a la vodka was so delicious. I am Italian  having had nothing but excellent experiences here over the past few years. Today's lunch was no exception - my salad was delightful and beyond basic even though it was ""just"" a side salad AMAZING italian food. Will continue to come back here when I am in town.  Love the service and environment. I ordered the spinach fettuccine carbonara and it was fantastic. The made from scratch pasta just took the dish over the top. Highly recommend trying this dish in particular. We had the teramisu for dessert and it was delicious.  We will definitely go back."  very reasonable prices. The service is not always great. I guess it depends on what server you get. But the food makes up for any bad service. Highly recommend the pizzas  is still available. Order this and you'll see why we order it every time. Chicken Marsala is another favorite and of course the lasagna which is hearty and has more than enough cheese." MQnNtW1lHS-eid3QNUoUIw I ordered Salmoni Arrostiti Olivada. Oven roasted premium filet of salmon. Absolutely amazing. Highly recommended. We also ordered a few appetizers that was also excellent. No disappointments at all. Great food! The penne vodka was great!  Get the Nutella cheesecake! Service was great and prices were reasonable too.  Will return  sparse  and at $30 each it was way over priced. I would not hesitate to discourage anyone from going to their brunch buffets" The server was very personable and did a great job. I won't wait very long to go back!" I would eat here again it would not go out of my way to do so."  we agreed it was one of the Best dinners we've had in CHarlotte.  The location and building are very misleading  nothing to write home about. The bread they bring to the table before dinner wasn't very good.  No taste. I ordered the cheese ravioli and added two meatballs.  They were about the size of golf balls and pretty good but when I got my bill I am never disappointed here. It's so well priced especially if you get the family style. Their appetizers are so good and I haven't had a main pasta dish that I don't like. The carbonara is my favorite for sure. The pollo Romano was great! I ordered a side of sauce to dip it in. The service was awesome too!! "Mama Ricotta's is a great Italian restaurant! Tonight I had the penne with chicken and broccoli and my boyfriend had a pizza! Everything was very delicious! I would recommend sitting on the patio and enjoy the great Charlotte weather. Ben  as the portion size is filling. My favorite appetizer is the goat cheese and mascarpone dip. If you're not sharing "Excellent Italian! I highly recommend the ravioli and the polenta was out of this world!! Both were close to the best I had ever had. The spaghetti and meatballs was ok. And the nutella pie was an obvious hit! Try Mama Ricotta's for dependable  creative and a proponent of using locally grown ingredients as evidenced by the exquisite mushroom ravioli I just scarfed that was adorned with a myriad of different types of mushrooms all of which were hand-foraged from a local source.  Enjoy your faves from the menu but also do yourself a favor from time to time and listen to the specials.  Chef Tom is on it.  (Also  the salads came out. I was still eating my meal when they placed the check on the table. Felt like we were in a diner back in NYC." I don't think I'll choose to go back here again from this experience.  I might if a member of my party requests it (because other than that it wasn't terrible) Love everything about this place! The food is great and has been the only really good Italian place we have found that is not overly fancy. Have brought all of our visitors here for a nice dinner!  my date had spinach fettuccine and his Alfredo sauce was light and delicious without being overly garlicky and thick as is the case some other places. Shrimp was juicy and perfect- also a struggle some other places (and in my kitchen... :) ) Tiramisu was perfect for dessert and enough to share. Manager Laura stopped by to check on our experience and she was lovely "Don't let the outside fool you-this place is amazing. Go inside and enjoy the amazing food and service. We had Danny as a server; I would argue he is the best server I've ever had. Without a doubt  inexperienced and un-professional wait staff that dictates to management." "Have been on multiple occasions and every visit has been wonderful. The food and service have been consistently good. The bruschetta is delicious as well as the tomato and mozzarella dish. Pizza MQnNtW1lHS-eid3QNUoUIw "This will be short.  Everything is awesome.  Food I guess I don't really have a choice." Four great meals with great service. Loved my chopped salad and special-of-the-day shrimp linguini in a sherry cream sauce. "This Italian restaurant is a neighborhood staple. I work right across the street so it's no problem heading over for lunch. It's quick and always with friendly service. Most people are going for the classic pasta dishes. I'm down with the pizza. Not an off-menu item but This restaurant serves amazing pasta! I recommend the spinach tagliatelle carbonara. The pasta is fresh and delicious. I'll come again and try pizza. I heard they're great too. I would highly recommended you give this place a try if you are looking for Italian!"  and Nutella pie.  Wood fired pizzas are also very good.  Thursday night they feature a ""date night menu"" which lets you pick an appetizer or salads When we sat down outside we did have an issue with a smell from some sort of trash container.  The waitress noticed it as well and the restaurant did a few things to eliminate the problem...it was pretty bad...but they were quick to fix it and it did not ruin our meal.  We were just more impressed it went away so fast."  which was cheese filled and offered a choice of 3 sauces.   I chose butter and sage.  Very good and quite a sizeable portion.   I did leave one ravoili on the plate to be lady like ; )  But I went here with my family on a whim. The New Haven style pizza is amazing. I had the Tuscany salad with grilled chicken. It was really good. My sister had the chicken parm and said it was great. The place is packed on the weekend so make a reservation. The food was really good and the service was great. Danny was our waitress and he was cool.  great Italian food with huge portions. The rub a wine special on Wednesdays. Great area to eat and walk around as well" "A little overpriced.  The food was overall pretty good. I know a few other Italian restaurants that I would pick first just because of price.  I wasn't disappointed with the food Tasty Italian food with good sized portions and nice ambiance. We will definitely will return." I don't know what took me so long to dine here!!  It was on my radar but I just never made it in until my employer held our Christmas party there.  The tomatoes and basil in the bruschetta were so fresh and tasty.  I can always gauge an Italian restaurant by their Lasagna and I was very pleased with my selection.  I tried a coworkers steak & mushroom over risotto and I've been craving it ever since.  The vanilla bean cheesecake was delightful and I like the fact the slices were large enough to share.  I can't wait to return with my mom! MQnNtW1lHS-eid3QNUoUIw MQnNtW1lHS-eid3QNUoUIw  and great atmosphere!! If you want great Italian food this is the place to come to. Bruschetta is a must have  the home made Italian sausage inside is amazing. I will be back again and again every time I come to Charlotte!!! I was here on a Weds night and the bottles of wine were half price My boyfriend and I had date night here. The pasta was perfect and the starter salad I got was pretty big! My boyfriend opted for the family size serving which left him with enough to take home for another meal. And the wine selection is phenomenal I asked my waitress for a non oaky Chardonnay and I got the most delicious buttery wine I've ever had! Needless to say highly recommended All in all good restaurant and great for groups." Good Italian dishes but lots of garlic. Smells good when you walk in the door.  Usually crowded. Wonderful food every time we dine here!! Highly suggest eating here but come hungry!! "I've been going to Mamas' for years. The food is always consistently good. Very good wine list. The little garlic knots (that come with every entre) melt in your mouth. The ONLY negative is slow service at times. They are always packed so  however I felt a bit rushed due to how busy they were on a Saturday night. I suspect it was like that because of the Queen's Feast and I would have liked a little more time in between the appetizer... and the entree... we only get a couple nights out a month sans kids after all! :)  We will definitely return for another dinner one night- it was very good." This place has some amazing food. I have never been disappointed with my pasta they really know what they are doing. The decor of the place is also really nice. They type of place you can go to on a date of a day out with the family.  the dessert! The cheesecake was AMAZING! I only had a few bites and it was enough to satisfy my sweet tooth." This place is great. Jelani was our server and he was awesome. My wife's lasagna was terrific. The only reason not a 5 was my veal was a little over cooked. Great Italian joint. The best tip about this place: I signed up for their eNewsletter online and in the first email had a free appetizer coupon to use!"  they take care of you and really want you to enjoy your meal and make sure the money you spend it worth it. Five out of five for me. The boyfriend and boyfriends parents loved it too!" I got the penne vodka and he got the Marsala with chicken.  It wasn't anything amazing but the service was truly fantastic.  We were here on CIAA weekend and the place was packed at 8:30 at night.  Our water glasses were never more than half empty and our waitress was great and preemptive to our needs.  We will probably go back and try something different next time.  and I'd be willing to come back..but I also wasn't blown away by any aspect." "I've been going to Mama Ricotta's for at least 20 years and the food has always been consistently good  but before starter plates were cleared. (Servers should run their own food - not food runners).  So the food runner came running out with our plates and I lifted my appetizer plate so he could set it down and it nearly missed the table and hung there off the edge. But we'll be back to try again... this may have to be a carry out experience to be totally content."   and rigatoni with an extra dollop of ricotta. Everything was finger-licking good. The manager thought we had waited a bit long for our entrees so he came to the table and sent us two desserts.  It was completely unexpected but it shows how they value their customers.  I believe Hayley's attention to detail and personal interest made the entire evening a great experience.  She should be recognized by the managers and her co-workers." Definitely a good place to enjoy a good Italian meal with the family. I wouldn't suggest it as a romantic date night spot though Amazing service. Our waitress was attentive and we were probably helped by 7 other people over the course of dinner. Food was delicious and very reasonably priced. Nice atmosphere inside. I would definitely come back! Ignore the construction out front! "Amazing. I ordered the penne a la vodka with shrimp and my friends ordered the salmon special and the chicken carfiocia (spelling may be off!). Everything was amazing and service was even better. The goat cheese and marscapone dip was the best bite of food I've eaten all year! For dessert I took a tiramisu and Nutella pie home for my boyfriend and I to devour We will be back as soon as possible!"  thats affordable(20-30 bucks a plate) Mama Ricottas it is! I came here for prom dinner and was not disappointed; the service  and desserts were ALL really good. Everyone else agreed too and raved about the food for weeks after. I'm glad I gave this place another try  you'll love this Mama. The food is fresh and the calamari is delicious. My favorite dish is the penne "The waitstaff were very nice but the food fell short. We had the bruschetta Impromptu date night with my hubby brought us to one of our favorite spots. A star was deducted because the waiter didn't put in the items I added to my pizza and his recommendation of drinks was way off base despite me being specific on the kind of drink I wanted. But I absolutely love the pizza and the whipped balsamic dressing.  and the traditional portions are generous (family style available) but Chef Toms specials are always phenomenal!  Delicious and creative." "My husband and I had dinner with his co-worker and his wife. The atmosphere was cozy and family friendly. The bread was quiet good and our entrees were delicious and arrived on time. The portions were big. They were really good. However The food was absolutely phenomenal! The family sized caprese appetizer was the biggest We've ever been served (one of our staples). Great wine selection also. Do not let the exterior appearance or the plaza deter you. We had a great meal and will absolutely be back!  could care less but the fact that they brushed off our request about the anniversary in the first place  Their chef has a lot to learn about serving pasta. We ordered family style rigatoni with meat sauce. When they served the large platter there was barely any sauce Finally made it to MR's!  Wow!  It was sooooo good!  I can't wait to go back!  They even brought me a canolli for my birthday.  Service was great too!  I'm so hungry just thinking about that chicken parm I had.  YUM!  but I just don't need to pay that amount of money to feel degraded and unhappy after I have a meal somewhere."  pretty wide selection on the menu." I ordered onion rings and when I went to pick them up the owner noticed the onion rings were burnt. When I asked them to replace the burnt onion rings or give me a discount she opened the to go box and threw the onion rings on the floor and when I asked why she did that she said you didn't want it and she didn't offer to replace it. I will never go back. All I asked for was good service. None to be had here! I should have just tossed the money in the trash because that is where the food is presently."  maybe the third will be different... but I get the feeling the recipes and style of cooking happening here haven't changed in 20 years Really the place gets 2 stars except I like that campy atmosphere so I gave it three.  Good food but overpriced.  Pretty dead on a Saturday night so that tells you a lot.  Service is ok - maybe a repeat if I need to carb up for a marathon. "The great thing about The Open Kitchen is that it never changes. I've lived in the Charlotte area all of my life (50 yrs) and The Open Kitchen is the same now as it was when I was young. My wife and I went to The Open Kitchen as teenagers and we took our children there when they were young. We have been married 30 years now and regularly enjoy The Open Kitchen. I agree the pizza isn't great Disclaimer... **Eat here at your own risk!**"  good Italian food!  I had the spaghetti with Italian sausage. What I got didn't look like any plate of spaghetti I've ever seen. The sausage was piled on top the meat sauce in ground pile. Poor This is a restaurant that has stood the test of time- which that in itself was enough proof for me to try it out!  And I am very  kind of Chef Boyardeeish.  The owner complained how business is nothing what it used to be and snuffed at my Groupon and spoke under his breath and complained about people using plastic instead of the good ole days when everyone paid cash!  Go figure.  I won't be back again." My workplace literally faces the back of OK and it sucks to smell food all day long Cozy yet great for groups (they have a large section in the back for groups and overflow) I ordered the cheese-stuffed cannelloni and I thought it to be an acceptable dish As long as you go in with the appropriate expectations and are OK with consuming massive amounts of cheese calories didn't really make anything I couldn't make at home. The ambiance is enchanting.  A collage of old photographs and memorabilia- I don't think anyone can walk into the Open Kitchen without getting a touch of nostalgia. Not enough places like this left in the world today! Oh  it was a nice experience....tried something new but I probably won't be going back. I'd recommend someone go there for a meal but I don't think it's going to work itself into one of your regular dine out spots." I discovered a watery thin sauce with bland ground beef and tiny diced up mushy bits of eggplant.  Saying that this dinner was awful is an understatement. As a topper to the evening  the prices do not match the actual food received.  Long story short...I MAY visit Open Kitchen every once and a while...but unless the menu prices change  its fun to go for a lunch down memory lane." Come back Mama K.....we need you." My advice? Stay at home and fix a ChefBoyArdee pizza. It's about the same. I will give this one star because you can't give a zero. That's was my last visit to Open Kitchen! (Except to get my refund)" best steak that is topped with yummy mushrooms. The service has always been top notch and this is one of the places we are already missing. Please don't let the bad reviews sway you. This place has a very loyal following for a reason. Excellent food and service." "TERRIBLE Customer Service from Manager. When trying to redeem a Groupon whose $24 promotional value had expired but the $12 actual value was still valid Old Charlotte ""Greek Italian"" cooking and a tase of history:  yes.  They're nice people and you'll see some fun B&W photos at the cash register."  which I don't but because I want them to reinvigorate their menu to be authentic Italian (or heck "I'm originally from this area and remember fondly my childhood days when my parents would make the 45 minute drive to Charlotte to eat at the Open Kitchen.  This of course only happened on rare and special occasions and the OK and the Gondola were the only places to get a pizza!  The food was really great back then!   So  but i don't see myself coming back..."  old-school red sauce Italian restaurant. It's neither good or bad  and you could see the dust on it. Over our food and drinks! I was appalled. If you have ever had an authentic or homemade Greek or Italian dish in your life  I doubt I'll ever be back. We ordered a pepperoni pizza. There were 6 slices of pepperoni on it. We counted. The crust is not hand-made but is  frozen store-bought (and I'm not taking about Boboli - that would have been MUCH better!) The sauce is horrible and the service isn't much better. I told my server that the pizza wasn't good. She just mumbled and left the table  otherwise would have definitely NOT been worth it.  Greek salad was pretty good but nothing else really was.  Cold  he brings your food out and lets you thirst to death the rest of the meal. The other waitresses are very nice and I enjoy the food. The mama K's pizza and lasagna parmigiana are my staples. It's hard to choose every time we go. This place is in a rough looking part of town MCFxbw9hQYejyvg59T44TA  but I don't think I'll be going back to try it either."  but it's time for this place to go or undergo a major overhaul."   overall rating should be '' Shut down and make a kiddie playground inside ''  If could give it no stars  stop by for a meal. The place is usually packed for lunch. It's a staple of the city's west side... serving the area for more than 60 years."  this was a truly excellent meal.  It's working-class Italian food done with an attention to detail.  Look at it this way: You're going to spend far less than you would at Olive Garden (may they rot) and get FAR better food." We knew we were in trouble when we looked up into the ceiling and saw the piles of dust and debris.  Cob webs hanging from a ceiling fan - a total mess.  This place looks like it was frozen in 1972.  AND the Food.  Awful.  This is not Italian.  This is GREEK trying to masquerade as Italian.  FROZEN pizza doe.  The red sauce tasted like catsup with oregano.  We couldn't finish our meal.  Sanitation Rating 95?  Really?  The Health Department was being generous.  the drinks came in PLASTIC CUPS. The best thing about the night was the waitress  I had the eggplant parmigiana.  It was floating in oil and cheese.  I ate as much of the eggplant and meat as I could dig out.  The bread basket had variety but the sliced bread was non-descript.  Thank goodness for Groupon!" I'm sorry (not really) but I would rather go to olive garden than go to this place ever again." "Groupon led me in and I was real anxious to try it. I'd driven by it for years on the way to Charlotte and the curiosity led me to buy a Groupon for half off. I was very pleased. The food had a lot of flavor. I had the egg plant dish and it was the best I'd had. There spaghetti sauce was liken to an old family recipe. Their cheese bread complimented the meal beautifully. The atmosphere made it much better Finally made it here for lunch.  Atmosphere is Old School nostalgic and cool for sure.  Service was quick.  The food (chicken parm) was good.  A little pricey for lunch but they did have other lunch special offerings if price was my biggest concern.  I will definitely bring my wife for dinner.  they were pretty packed but sat us pretty quickly.  We love the atmosphere very romantic and homey and old school.  The service was superb.  The food was excellent They had some interesting items on the menu and if I ever decide to try liver it will definitely be here!"  the frozen cheesy garlic bread actually was quite good!"  their servers are not super personable.  We order cannelloni and lasagna as part of the lunch specials.  Both of our pastas were on the mushy side.  You would have been hard pressed to find some ricotta in the lasagna as well.  I've had other good meals in the past "My family and I have been going to the Open Kitchen for years now.  We always get great service and the food is sooo good.  I highly recommend the Veal Juliana  the owner at checkout was a rude.  When my friend and I tried to split the bill with two credit cards he said ""Oh come on.  You are killing me!"".  My response was ""Yeah  good grief it's a visual carnival inside. I love the mash up of nutty stuff collected over the past 62 years. Too bad the food is so bad.  I had a small side salad to start which the waiter described as Greek. Well it had cut up canned pickled beets on iceberg lettuce. Just odd. He brought a side of bread Thats my review folks!"  but it's also not the best I've had (I.e. I'd still go to Maggianos if I'm craving the best Italian for the best experience). The soup is great. I do wish they'd serve their bread warm when it's given to your table when you're seated "This place is exactly what I expected. Why there are so many bad reviews is confusing to me. This is an old fashion Italian dive. The decor is not a ""carnival"" as someone put it. It's a typical old fashioned Italian restaurant. I'm guessing all the bad reviews are because people spoiled from the likes of fancy Italian fusion restaurants like Bravo etc had some silly expectations before they ever walked in the place. I've been to real Italian places in NY and this place is very much like them. Our meal was edible Play some Italian music for an even better vibe ;) great atmosphere and wonderful food! Will return and bring others!  that says a lot about what's inside."  but everyone who works here is so ridiculously nice. Can't decide what to order? Tell them what you're debating. They can help you make the decision. We got here late on a Sunday evening because our friend's flight was delayed. They were more than gracious to still welcome us in for dinner." The veal dish I had was amazing and you can't beat the atmosphere of one of charlottes oldest restaurants  the cheese and sauce was really good. But the ravioli its self was way over cooked and they weren't the same meat and had no flavor. My husband had pizza. He said it was good but the crust looked premade "Ordered takeout. A perfect Italian choice!! The lasagna parm and chicken parm I just walked in to check out the place because I always drive by it and had the craving for a cannoli. Now I'm not a cannoli cotnnesiour by any means but I've had a lot of cannolis locally and in Italy but I'm pretty sure it's not supposed to be soggy and soft. I'm assuming they fill their cannolis in the morning and let them sit with the filling all day long. I'm still curious to try the actual meal and see what all these reviews are about but just for the cannoli I wasn't very impressed. I got the lasagna parmigiana and it was delicious. I couldn't even finish half of it. Cheesy and meaty. We got a calamari appetizer and they were cook good. Thought it was strange they served it with cocktail sauce instead of marinara. Had to ask for marinara. Hubby got spaghetti and meat balls with mushrooms. He personally likes the marinara sauce better than the meat sauce. He didn't like that they served canned mushrooms instead of fresh mushrooms. I personally like canned mushrooms. Bread is good. Both servers we had were super friendly and helpful. "Should have listened to the reviews. Food was horrible. The veal parmigiana was basically a side dish of roast beef with another side dish of spaghetti and meat sauce "How is this place still in business.   My family went last night on the recommendation of a neighbor who grew up in the area.   My daughter ordered a pizza that was a warmed up frozen pizza.  I had a greek salad with beets and my husband had veal parm that was ""congealed"".  My husband wanted angel hair instead of spaghetti and we were told it was possible... for $3 more.  I know many restaurants have fees for special requests but this was just which box of pasta to throw in the water.  The cheesecake is like a slice of bread from a loaf pan which was chunky and had not been thoroughly mixed to be smooth...ugh!   I will add that our waitress was quite lovely and felt awful explaining the up fee for a simple pasta change as well as keeping our drinks full and was horrified that the cheesecake was something the kitchen knew about yet served anyway.  If it's world famous it's because it might be the worst place still in business.  ......calling Gordon Ramsey......"  a whole wall of college pennants. We were given a small table in the corner. Which was fine with us. Complementary French bread was brought right away.... Yum. We started with an order of the calamari. The breading on the calamari was very flavorful. The marinara that accompanied the calamari was very simple. Nothing wrong with that. My boyfriend ordered the crab meat parm and I got the spaghetti with white clam sauce. I loved the clam sauce. The clams were tender and the sauce was perfect. Exactly what I wanted. My boyfriend enjoyed his dish but I feel like he liked mine better. No worries there cause my dish was family size portion. I had a glass of the Malbec to accompany my dinner. I firmly believe you don't go to Italian restaurants without trying the dessert. We shared a tiramisu. It was light and dreamy. A perfect way to end the meal. Our server was a little overwhelmed tonight but who hadn't been there. Good times all around!" I will not be back. There are too many good restaurants around" The food is Horrible. I went to dinner with 10 friends and we had a variety of food. I swear my pizza was frozen from the grocery store. No one ate their entire meal. No one took any left overs home  . We all are Charlotte natives and the nostalgia of this place hasn't changed however I will never eat there again   Honestly canned food is better. I can't think of a way it could have been worse. Been coming here since I was a kid!  Love the decor!  The salad and bread is yummy!  Veal barsalina is the best ever!!!  but my friends were too; both times we went we came home with stomach aches.  The experience was sub-par and the decor seems dusty musty.  We all tried different dishes and weren't ""wow""-ed by any of it." This was our first time and will definitely not be our last!!!!"  so I decided to try again today. The sanitation rating scared me at 92...ehhhh should be a lot better. It was very busy for a Wednesday.  The waitress was helpful and friendly. I got the spaghetti and meatballs. The meatballs were very good  it was horrible! You can't mess up Iced Tea. The bread was store brought Italian bread from the grocery store. The salad is bag salad from a grocery store with dressing on it. And I ordered the lasagna.....the frozen one from Stueffers is better. A true waste of money. Nothing taste authentic at all. I would have been better off at a chain restaurant like Olive Garden or Chef Boyardee" "The Open Kitchen has been my favorite place since I was a kid but unfortunately it was a total disappointment Saturday.  I ordered ""the steak"" dinner.  It looked great but was all fat.  I kindly sent it back.  I then ordered the Chicken Parmigiana. It was dry but  edible.  We had a kids meal This place is a little treasure. The atmosphere of The Open Kitchen is wonderful.  They're pizzas are wonderful. Occasionally have a slightly mysterious little spicy kick to them. Service was on point and not a single complaint here." It was a very nice place.I was waiting for a mobster to walk in with his wise guys while me and my boyfriend were eating. We went for my birth day yesterday and the service was super fast and friendly. The salads and sweet tea are great. Sweet tea is a serious matter in my home... lol! Loved it! We will be back and try the pizza and beer next time! The table clothes are really neat and the rest of the decor keeps ya looking for the next surprise! "Some of these nasty reviews on here are unbelievable. Don't let them fool you if you've never been. The open kitchen is amazing. The service is excellent and they frequently have groupon offers. The food is delicious. I have tried various things off the menu and have never eaten a bad meal there. The garlic cheese bread is great to have before the meal. I love their lasagna and chicken Parmesan. I can assure you all the food is homemade. If you're into disgusting Love this place in Charlotte. Very good pastas and nice salads. Haven't had the pizza but they look great. My only possible complaint is that the baked pasta dishes are always so hot that it is 30 minutes before you can eat them without burning your mouth. No exaggeration.  Great service and atmosphere with a nice selection of options.  it was delicious!! We have been going back there and ordering from them ever since Pretty hard to screw up chicken but they did a pretty well so I don't think I'll ever go back not sure parking pretty below average"  it looks a bit tattered but the food makes up for it. Also this is not a sit down establishment like the one in SW Charlotte. Business is family run."  we didn't get any fortune cookies. That can't be a good fortune." "This is our go to Chinese carryout. Mainly because it is close to us. The food is as good as most of the genre and they share the same quirks I want to start off by saying that Chinese food should not have YELLOW Rice!!! They do have good lunch specials and again this Chinese food wasn't very good. Still searching for a good Chinese food place here in Charlotte. The only reason why I tried this place because I was next to it at the time. Still searching!  I'll just stop...  I have never gotten anything bad there." "I enjoyed every dish I have had there. I'm a huge fan of their General Tso's chicken and egg drop soup. They have some amazing dishes Drive-thru open 24 hours and the staff is always great.  One of the best McDonalds in the area.  but they serve quick and concise. Haven't had a bad experience having been here on many occasions."  but now...  What happened?  It's nothing now to hear the employees out in the lobby LOUDLY ranting and cursing." Worst Italian food I have ever eaten. Think Chef Boyardee at ten times the price. "Went to Ciro's for lunch and ordered the fresh mussel appetizer with the white wine sauce. It was pretty good. The muscles were small  reliable and dependable.  I take clients there when visiting town on business The first thing that was addressed to us was as we rose to leave - and that was one of the servers helping one of the tables seated after us I'd give them 0 stars for their food and all 3 go to their tiramisu."  make sure you note the price of the specials if you're interested in them...hubs and I were both surprised that his chicken & pasta dish was $22. It was roughly the same portion and similar ingredients to my dish and seemed as if the chicken breast cost added $7 to the price. Strange. Regardless WARNING:  I enjoyed their bread WAY too much.  Especially when they drop a bottle of olive oil (looks like rosemary and garlic infused) and bottle of balsamic on the table for you to make your own dipping oil.  Be warned.... liquid crack soaked up in warm bread!" Gotta live the father -in-law  playing the accordion." Solid Italian fare in an environment that is very open and bright.  My wife and I have tended to go here when we could get babysitters for our 4 kids.  The reason:  The best lasagna (according to my wife).  I agree with her that their dishes are all very good.  Best Italian ever?  No.  One of the best in Charlotte?  Yes.  Worth giving a try?  Absolutely.  Every visit is nicely topped off with a cappuccino that makes the meal satisfying. We will definitely go back again with friends and family."  id probably only order the penne with vodka sauce. to go."  and then brought me back a fresh dish. The second one was perfect. It was a wonderful dinner with my family  I've fallen in love with the chicken piccatta- all other chicken piccattas must live up to this one.  Others (who shall remain nameless at this time...) will forever be linked to the AMAZING stromboli.  I don't think I've eaten any dish at this restaurant that would not have me running back for another meal." The romancing accordian player was a bit loud and annoying at times." We probably won't return. You can get the same from Olive Garden for less $$$." If you're in the University Village & would like to partake in a slightly upscale (I said slightly) Italian meal  then yes.  We were seated quickly and served with respect. Our food came at an appropriate interval to the yummy appetizer bread. It was nicely plated and tasted as good as it looked.   We ordered a calzone and lasagna. The lasagna was definitely the better of the two dishes. It was even good reheated next day." "I dined at Ciro's while traveling for business in Charlotte. We were staying nearby and found the restaurant while walking around our hotel. We ordered appetizers for the table one of which included the fried calamari. While I didn't have any the table agreed it was quite salty. I ordered the gnocchi with meat sauce for my main entree. My guess is that the gnocchi was not homemade. It was good We just left the restaurant literally minutes ago and I rushed on here to caution the rest of Charlotte to make a different choice for dinner tonight. I wish I could give it zero stars." Dined here recently.  I have been here before but it has been years.  The place has been around for a while so I guess they are doing something right.  Food is decent.  No complaints there.  Service was good as well.  There are better options for Italian food but Ciro's is not a bad one. Had the worst Italian food ever....... Ciro's is a.somewhat refreshing restaurant single location restaurant in an area of town that is saturated with chain food and fraternity bars. The wait staff is pleasant and the food is also decent.  In my opinion the food was  adequate but left much to be desired to give me a true amazing Italian experience.  I would return. The atmosphere is warm and inviting and seems like a great place for a nice lunch or dinner.  Calamari and a delicious Cesar salad) unfortunately as I began to get excited about this restaurant my steak came out overcooked with no flavor." Overpriced and underwhelmed. The excellent waiter could not make up for for overcooked broccoli and sausage over mediocre quality pasta. Pity as I like to support the local businesses.  but that ain't saying much.  Macaroni Grill may be a better option and I rarely suggest chain restaurants."  we were very pleasantly impressed." Always a great place with great food. I love the pink cream sauce its a must try.  Wish I could have that at home.  average service. Marinara sauce over spaghetti was far too sweet. Tasted like canned. Italian sausage was bland at best. Wine selection was average and overpriced.  Would not recommend."  the menu has changed over the years but never have I complained about either the quality or value.   Paulo (who plays the accordion) is a hoot--where else in the QCity will you find this?   Sound too tacky for you?   There's a Macaroni Griile across I85 (yuck)." The mints they give at the end were delicious" Sorry no pic I gobbled it up!"  and the size of a medium was more like a large for $17. Add-in that this is North Carolina and I'm a pizza snob from Chicago. Solid za all around. Crispy outside We went very early and the house was basically empty. Service was excellent. Do not know if that was because it was so quiet or not. Regardless Good but very expensive. The food is good. But not worth the price. We have cheaper and better options like Olive Garden.  don't drink wine so not sure on the wine lists but I do eat and the food was awesome. I would recommend to a place to sit down to."  and the owner was one of the nicest guys. It's so nice to know that there are truly family friendly and people centered businesses left in this world! I highly recommend!!!!" Beautiful restaurant with great prices and a very courteous staff. Wished I lived closer so I could go here more often!" "Ordered shell fish pesce ... around $25.  Very good and ample seafood and pasta.  Preceded by really good calamari and brouschetta appetizers Although it is expensive it is a good Italian restaurant. Very friendly waiters and good food. When I went there was a party of 40 near by so service was a little slow but that is understandable. I would definitely try it if you like Italian! Horrible dinner. Had veal franchise and pasta. Very bland and veal was tough pasta and veal had no salt. Waitress didn't even ask if if something was wrong although I had her clear almost a full plate Pasta over priced. Pizza not the best. Service was subpar. Wouldn't recommend. Nice to sit outside and listen to wine vault live music on weekends. "I have been going to this place for many years "I went for lunch and got seated right away.  The service was friendly and quick. This was my first time here and I was pleasantly surprised.  I am very picky about Italian food "This place sucked. If you like your pasta pre cooked and then warmed and mushy this is the place for you. God forbid you ask for your pasta al Dente and you like it so hard it will break your jaw We went tonight with other friends and must admit it was pretty good. However the caviar is that Lorenzo went with us and he made sure all was great. Thank you guys. Give them a try."  their pasta portions are huge!  I usually cannot eat more than half in a sitting and have the rest for lunch the next day.  I love the bread they serve.  It's always soft and warm.  I wish they had a lunch menu and a little more variety since I eat there so often.  Lastly I am giving it 4 stars on the strength of the service although in reality it is a 3.5 star restaurant."  blah. Dinner arrived and all sauces were blain and somewhat watery. Authentic Italian was expected. Big disappointment was received. Waitress stacked plates on table in front of us after dragging two trash cans past us through the dinning room. Never once washed her hands. All this after spilling wine when serving it The eggplant appetizer is very good and the cannolis are not to be missed." Safe place to have dinner.  Quality of food was up to their normal standard.  As usual the noise was not conducive for good conversation.  But the food was a welcome comfort after being on the road all week. The amazing staff were right on top of everything - never an empty glass of water or question un-answered." Nice place..their soup and bread is good.. Good service and enough options for vegans as well. I love this place. Its way better than olive garden in sevice and food.  but I have to say on my last visit is was average. They still do good business as it was crowded for a Thursday night. Our entrees included: chicken parm We have been staying very near to this place for the past 5 months... How many times we thought of trying this one out.. Finally we did :) .. Food was pretty good.. Chicken parm was awesome ( highly recommended )... However there were very few servers around and the service was'nt great either.. Food was pretty good though.. I am a fan of this place :) "The service was great but the food was not. All the pasta for our party was undercooked; there were 14 of us. Other customers also were returning meals. The manager told us they were using a new pasta and had to ""learn to cook it"". She did make an adjustment on our bill to make up for the bad meals."  COLD! After being re-heated undoubtedly in a microwave we discovered that each guess was discussing who had the more bland tasting dish. We have always enjoyed MG and it was a complete shock to have this type of experience. We will not return.  There were 2 exceptions to this tastless cold meal....the house salad dressing and the bread." Good food.  Unpleasant hostess.  I like that.they have lite calorie options. The complimentary bread was good." I ordered the penne rustica and it came to the table in a piping hot bowl.  It was nice the put a plate under it and I definitely devoured the whole thing."  except for the copious amount of perfume our waitress bathed in. Very off-putting when so much of taste depends on smell. The food came out quickly but was still warm at best. I got the chicken scallopini and it was ok The worst Macaroni Grill I've ever been to!  Do not waste your time!!! All of the pasta dishes from here were good. My wife love the Penne Rustica and I loved the Stuffed Mushrooms and the Eggplant Parmesan and our son the the Mac and Cheese  but MG (at least this location) is pretty much off my radar now.  Their close proximity doesn't win out over quality." But that was the last time. If you have patronized this place over the years before it was sold  was very attentive and was very helpful when we had questions about the menu. One member of our party had never dined at Romano's before Good thing we had a gift card.  We left a nice tip for our waitress with the balance since we had no plans of returning in the near future." hvhogN-3cMny0Nrqbsjpkg Nice ambiance but pasta was dry and cold  and not hand dishes out one by one. The cooks should also know these standard dishes like the back of their hands and keep the food consistent." I am unhappy because of the service. We have always loved Macaroni Grill in Winston and Greensboro.  We were visiting friends in Charlotte and chose Macaroni Grill to meet.  The restaurant was practically empty on a Sunday afternoon when we met.  The appetizers were great (baked prosciutto and mozzarella; zucchini fritti) but the service was mostly non-existent.  I was surprised  because the server didn't have a lot of distractions to consider (very few other customers).  The fettuccini alfredo was very dry (they forgot one order and rushed to make it).  The chicken under a brick was awesome and probably the only reason I gave 2 stars above.  Everything else (except the friends) was disappointing.  and it was great; the Italian nachos appetizer was one of the tastiest dishes I have had in last few years  friendly and helpful with the menu.  This is a place I suggest you don't pass up!" I ordered the Lasagna and a Caesar salad.  Accompanied by a tasty loaf of bread with olive oil  and just downright horrible.  I think I would have had better luck buying frozen at the grocery store.  I rarely complain anymore because its just not worth it and I don't have the time.  Will not be visiting again.  I hope others have a better experience with different entrees."  but the quality has dropped since my last visit 3 months ago. The Parmesan chicken was not cooked well - it was like a giant gelatinous chicken nugget. The brick chicken didn't taste fresh. It was like a fast food chicken with that really dried out taste. I can't describe it but it was like the graininess of processed chicken. I really supported this place for over a year "Look. You know what you're going to get at Macaroni Grill. I'm not going to ding a place just because it happens to be a mega-chain restaurant. It's your fault if you go to the Macaroni Grill expecting home-cooked Italian food. They do the standards well and have a few signature dishes that I enjoy. In addition  i totally cannot remember what i ate here.."  who was attentive and knowledgable. The food was served fresh and hot in a timely manner."  but the inside decoration and atmosphere looks nice. The food - a half half with salad and pasta was FANTASTIC."  but deny you made it when you show up. A late black woman who somehow plays the role of hostess is rude and doesn't care that they messed up and didn't log your reservation. The food is bland  you have seen them all. Nothing is really memorable. Including the service. Prices are reasonable."  the pricing was pretty iffy and I wouldn't want to always to talk all the dishes home I was so full I couldn't do dessert... and that doesn't happen very often..." Terrible service. Had to ask for refills. Waitress disappeared. Had to ask someone to find her. Food quality has diminished from what it was. Thought I would try them again. Not coming back. What a shame. It used to be a great restaurant.  my party of four was asked to wait. After we were seated and ordered our food did not all come out together. My seafood portofino dish had about a cup of  oiling the bottom of the plate"  so prepare the table for the food to be brought out so we don't have an uncomfortable guessing game while you hold a hot plate over my head." "I always have a good experience at this particular location.  The host was friendly and prompt in sitting me.  The waiter seemed a little lost at times but I think he may have been new. But the food is always great and really good portion sizes. For a chain restaurant  but lunch portions go for about $7.50. It is a good place for a business lunch or to meet friends in which you won't go wrong by eating here." Absolutely disgusting food. Even the salads were watery and bland. How are they still in business? Definitely the worst meal and biggest waste of time I can say I've spent at a restaurant in a long time." Please avoid this restaurant! It is not worth the time or money." I will drive another 30 minutes away next time to go to the other Charlotte location before going to this one again.  My wife felt bad for even suggesting it after we went Happy with the choice. Food was very good. I had the classic Italian bake. Service was slow but they were busy.  uniform cubes so I couldn't just push them out of the way and get to the soup. And they were too firm for my tastes." I've always enjoyed the food here. It's relatively affordable for the quality. Good price performer. I'll definitely come again. I want to try half of the menu!!" I am sorry I can't give less than 1 star. I sat there for 20 minutes with my family and was ignored. It was very slow and the worst part was that the manager went to the table next to us twice and did not bother to say anything. Will never step foot at this place again. I've been to this macaroni grill over 10 years and it's just gotten worse after each subsequent visit. Our order was lost from the waitress to the kitchen. Our drink order was also forgotten. We arrived at 11:45 and didn't get our food until 1:20. It was not very busy although it was lunch time on a Sunday. It was my dads birthday and they did bring out a dessert on the house so that was nice. Thankfully our waitress was polite and the food was tasty but considering the amount of time it took-it could be our last visit. There were 9 of us so maybe a smaller group may have better luck.  but our service was atrocious. The server barely made eye contact and didn't bother to refill our waters (even once). Don't bother with this place."  ""Don't speak to me and don't complain.""...Great leadership. Our waitress never circled back to see if we were doing until about 15-20 minutes later. It's terrible when you try to give a restaurant another chance but fail   waited a while to get the food.  One lady in my party never got her food order.  Had to flag down the manager as she came over to check on the other table.  She was very apologetic.  Got the salad right out!  We requested refills This place has a great selection and great  roasted chicken... Also try the churro's  just stick with what seems logical on the menu."  the owner employee's do a poor job of marketing themselves (they just yell things like chicken when people walk by) but the food is great Pretty good. Buffet is decent. Nothing exceptional  friendly atmosphere. Big fan of their pizza. Lunch buffet is great  and mashed potatoes. We have definitely had better Italian food for less money in many other places. I'd probably take my son's advice and order the pizza if I were you."  clean intimate Italian & Pizza restaurant! Try the Chicken Piccata with the Lemon Cheesecake... Delish! :)" Had dinner here last night.  Service was pleasant and efficient.  Eggplant Parm was SALTY.  Veal Parm was tough and so thin.  Maybe 1 16 inch?  The breading was thicker than the veal.  At least the veal wasn't the pressed type.  Will probably not go back except perhaps to try the pizza.  and atmosphere are all overrated and highly overpriced. Even Olive Garden beats this place. I would not recommend at all."  so can't comment on those.  The owners are really great and all the waitresses are sweet!"  upon doing so the hostess told me the owner wasn't accepting these coupons and it's only good with a $40 or something purchase (the coupon was newly received so this wasn't news to the owner he just didn't pull them per the hostess which seems like a scam to me). I politely argued with the girl telling her it doesn't give stipulations anywhere and that's false advertising (not even sure if that's legal?) and very poor customer service for which they would lose customers (like myself). She understood but it was the owners call. I ended up purchasing the pizza (needed to eat!) and the pizza wasn't good. It had too much cheese and hardly any sauce and it was burnt. Because I'm pregnant I opted not to get too stressed so after stating my views I left vowing that I wont return. Which is unfortunate because it's very close to my home but there are too many other places close enough with better food and certainly better service!"  and get the balsamic on your salad.  great dinner or lunch." Went for the lunch buffet and was very disappointed. Staff was slow and unresponsive. Pizza seemed old and stale. Poorly lit for lighting and wasn't a restaurant that has something others don't already have. Reminded me of a bad CiCi's style pizza.  this is more of a pasta entree place...not a pizza place.  If you haven't tried the entrees These others with negative reviews must have just had a few bad experiences. We've been here probably 15-20 times and while service has been up and down  you'll save money via savings on high-markup alcohol and have a far better experience!!!"  not the crappy iceberg that seems to be the norm now. The Garlic knots are so addictive  go for the pizza and the garlic knots and don't be in a hurry."  and the balsamic dressing is amazing. cute little restaurant w  a friendly staff and amazing food! if youre craving italian DeMarcos will hit the spot!" I started eating here in either 2004 or 2005.  I always enjoyed their lunch buffet but due to my job I have only eaten lunch here twice this past year.  My husband and I went this week at 12:10.  There were only a few people and one partial pizza available in the buffet.  I was shocked to see that they were using fake frozen meatballs.  As a proud Italian I cannot begin to comprehend WHY any Italian restaurant would take this shortcut.  I asked the waitress and she verified where the meatballs came from.  I now consider myself an EX customer.  BTW -I have brought my family for dinner but found the prices too high for the quality Bucas is much more authentic not to mention a much better deal. LwSNsn2k6v_Nb2dbhP3qsQ "Thought the food was absolutely delicious. The service is a little slow  so don't seem to vary much from this dish.  Their bread knots are really good and I think their food and drink prices are fair.  The kids love their pizza and they typically have some really good specials.  This has become one of our favorite local spots."  if you are close to the fort mill are and wanna try out real Italian food this is the place to go. Always check on the specials. Also if you to dinner mon-thrus were its typically not so busy Best Eggplant parm around - and the garlic knots are just so yummy!  It's our go-to place in Tega Cay for Italian food.  The service is as excellent as the food. Great food and quick service! Never had any issues at all! Great for kids as well! Lunch buffet is cheap and good quality food "I had really high hopes for this place as several people told me it was good. Maybe we went on an off night but it was Saturday and only 4 tables were occupied when we arrived. I heard good things about the Chicken Parmesan which I ordered but it was just ok. My husband had ravioli which was pretty good. Our server was nice enough but he walked past our table 4 times without saying a thing to us. Our food came out in a reasonable time but 7 minutes after we got our food he came with the check and asked me if I wanted a to go box as I was literally putting a bite in my mouth. I was a bit dumbfounded and told him  we have a feast! I truly believe it offers some of the best home made Italian food in the midwest. A real hidden Gem. And considering multiple family members have worked there in the past  and scallions finished with a white wine cream sauce served over linguini).  Awesome!!" I'm so happy that this locally-owned business has found great success - they have lots of regulars (like I used to be!) who keep coming back for the delicious food I give 4 stars for the atmosphere and the menu selection."  apps and desserts can easily be shared.  Very cozy and wonderful servers.  Can't wait to go back!" I can't say I'll be back anytime soon.  I have to disagree with Zenide R.'s assertion that it's ""easily the best Italian food in the Madison area.""  For the price "I went here for a friend's graduation dinner. The seating area was filled. We had reservations and they were right on time. The service and level of professionalism was great. The menu is vegan friendly with a few delicious options. I tried a friend's baked eggplant dish and it was by far the best eggplant course I've ever had. Many people in my party ordered the lasagna and loved it. I ordered the pesto and was disappointed. The homemade noodles were good but the pesto didn't have the pop of basil I was hoping for. Despite the pesto sauce  it's perfect.  I will make sure to come back here whenever I am in the Madison area The decor was very nice and clean and the staff as mentioned previously was very helpful.  We'll definitely be back."  but soaked in expresso and very flavorful. There is a mascarpone cheese based whip cream which is light and not too sweet that makes the cake amazing." Balling in Middleton. Definitely a good place if you don't mind driving from Madtown.  date place and I would definitely return."  which completely blew me away. It is by far the best Italian food I've ever had. They made their own bread: crisp and tender. Their Tiramisu will brighten up all of your taste bulbs. Appetizers and desserts are made for sharing leaves his sour attitude out of the customers face..Tiramusu amazing. Fed all four of us with no problem."  if not 4.5 stars.  Will be back next time up in the area. This is a MUST when in town...I will definitely be back!" "It is a very small and friendly place with a relaxed atmosphere and good food. They have great crusty bread with oil  but never got the opportunity.  Happened to stop there on a Saturday evening at about 5:45p and could not even get in the door because the hostess was blocking the area with a party of four.  Instead of taking the party aside so we could enter "I can't think of anything bad to say about Vin Santo! The prices are the same as Olive Garden but the food is 10x the quality and 5x as authentic!  I have eaten at Vin Santo five times now and I am never disappointed q8fD82us6uuGufvI44NoAg "I would rate vin santo at 2.5 stars for food and 4 stars for service. I guess I'm used to great Italian fare in San francisco We are likely to try other popular area restaurant before we go back to this one again."  probably the best Italian food I've ever had. Definitely the best in Dane County! Get the pasta almatriciana "Outstanding! This was our first time here and it was great. The server was very nice and responsive (he could have known a little more about the wine selection "This is my new favorite restaurant in the Madison area.  Everything that crossed our table from the fresh pastas to the delicious sauces was a treat.  The portions were generous and the prices reasonable.  The calamari in the appetizer was tender and delicious in a rich and spicy tomato fennel sauce.  The puttanesca sauce was dense with olives and the whole cloves of roasted garlic were a real treat.  The bread pudding was very good My wife and I really do like this place for its great food and for its character."  poor ambience. If you want something a lot better and don't mind the extra bucks Fresh Italian food with a emphasis on fish dishes and cream sauces. Best Italian food around Madison IMO.  Lasagna is made fresh at time of order.  Calamari is great - not deep fried.  Intimate  setting. "I had an unbelievable experience yesterday. I went to Vin Santo hoping to order some food to go. Upon brief greeting the owner informed us that they ""don't do takeout on the weekend"". This is astonishing and something that has never happened to me before.  I am a foodie an have dined on 5 different continents  you have to try this place. We will definitely be back for top notch Italian food!"  portions could be smaller. A little pricey for Middleton. Would try somewhere else next time but would also not hesitate to return." "One of Middleton's hidden gems.  It's our favorite place to go for special occasions! Be sure to try the ""lasagna of the day"". It's always worth it." it was okay.....small place but the food was good....large portions....  family restaurant it is priced too high which sets your expectations higher and does not live up to those expectations.  It would be fine for your corner Italian joint for everyday meals if they offered a salad with the meal and cut their $$."  and I can tell you that they'll not get repeat business from me."  their Italian bread pudding and tiramisu are huge and tasty." This is a great place for a date but not for a family."  it's a very small space. I'd check it out "With all of the Italian restaurants in Madison It's hard for me to give this place more than 3 stars. We started out with Mussels that were served in a butter sauce. The mussels tasted a little bit fishy for my liking. For my main course I had veal tortellini. The better half had a shrimp pasta in a white cream sauce. Her dish was far btter than mine. For desert we had bread pudding and tiramisu. Both were excellent.  My Biggest gripes about this place were the kitchen is super small On top of the calamari we also got the sausage pasta and the seafood pasta. Both had heaping amounts of food and delicious in their own sense. We were seafood-ed out after the appetizer so we were devouring the sausage pasta. The sauce for the sausage pasta was amazing--we took the noodles from the seafood dish and dunked it in the other plate's sauce to drink it all up :)" "Not exactly a hot spot for me  and atmosphere for a great price! The spicy Italian sauce is amazing along with the bread pudding dessert which can feed four. I will come here every time I visit Wisconsin.....cannot say enough about this place as it was a spectacular recommendation and did not disappoint!"  service and wine.  Mussels are great...actually everything is.  Gotta try it." We will definitely be going back there soon to try their other items on the menu." "My wife and I ended up here because it had outdoor seating and was happy to accommodate our dogs.  It had excellent service.  The food was fantastic.  The plates we had were simple fare with exceptional ingredients.  The chef did a wonderful job mixing and balancing flavors.  Even the bar tender nailed the Bellini's. It is very reasonable priced by which I mean a good  and the tiramisu was very good.  Downsides - I felt that the dishes could have used more finesse in the seasoning and flavor and less in the overall amount  friendly atmosphere and great food. I highly recommend it." I will visit again when back in town" Went for hubby birthday food was excellent top notch service in a warm cozy place had Pollo alla marsala very tasty hubby had scampi divi Olla said the shrimp were perfect fresh homemade pasta we will be back "Went to Vin Santo during a recent trip to Madison and was pleasantly surprised to find this gem of an Italian restaurant. This is NOT your typical red-sauce italian! We started with a Cesar Salad and Calamari in a spicy roasted tomato sauce. The Calamari was tender and the sauce rich and luxurious. Apps and Salads are sized to share. My meal was chicken Marsala - and was not your typical. The sauce was chunky with mushrooms and bacon pieces and a little sauce giving it sensational flavors. For dessert we shared a Tiramisu and it was the best I'd even had - and was big enough for a family! Ambiance was spare but comfortable  and the only complaint was that we should have ordered 2 of them. Yum. The best meal ordered at the table was a pasta with goat cheese over a tomato base sauce - Fresh campenelli with toamto basil sauce with goat cheese and toasted pine nuts. Lasagna was good Great food great wine I would recommend we had kids went early everything was splendid  which takes extra time to prepare was amazing.  Huge and full of homemade sausage.  It came bubbling and cheesy.  The eggplant parm was loaded with Vin Santo homemade red sauce and the eggplant was lightly dusted and sauteed - no heavy frying or oily mess....just delightful.  Salads are fresh and the dressing is tasty and not heavy.  If I could eat their nightly without gaining 1000 pounds "Neighborhood gem and one of the finest Italian meals I've had anywhere.  Homemade pasta was perfect  because it's generally a nice ambience and the food was good. But not anytime soon."  worthy of a five star but the atmosphere is more two star. Loved the squash ravioli!"  one appetizer and one desert.  the bread pudding desert was very good. The portions are big but I the quality of ingredients did not strike to me as above par.  Ambience and service were great.   Food was just OK. Not going back."  shrimp pasta dish and lasagna. Portions were huge and everyone took leftovers. We also shared the bread pudding and triple chocolate cheesecake. So stuffed and so happy! I would highly recommend it and will go back!"  I was perplexed. There was no flavor at all. I'm still not sure how you can make a red sauce that looks that savory and delicious and can be so... bland. I salted and salted and salted and it barely made it better. So very disappointing. The eggplant did have nice crispy edges but was almost too flour heavy. Texture was good We do also wish they had economical kids options - not dino-nuggets and corn dogs "My co-worker and I happened in and had a lovely meal! They offered complimentary bread and oil. I enjoyed the house Sangiovese. I ordered the Chef's appetizer special which did not disappoint. We finished our meal with the largest piece of tiramisu I've ever seen! It was too large for a to go box! It was really delicious. Our service was good "The meals were HUGE and homemade. Service was great. Small bar  they use a fresh pasta - although I don't know if they make it on premise (could be store bought - like you see in refrigerated aisle).  The sauce is made from tomato paste as the base - which can be fine  we went back instead of finding a new place to try!"  man.  I don't even know how to fully articulate my feelings on it but I'll start with the fact that I have never thought it was worthwhile to pay for Italian food because ""it's just noodles and sauce"" ...this place totally changed my mind on that!   It is very rare that you don't see the proprietors working  which did not make for a good atmosphere when I was here."  Vin Santo will likely meet your needs. I would like to see their servers have more knowledge on Classic Italian fare Our experience here was just amazing. My only complaints were that the drinks list is disappointing and our service was spotty (but there was a large party present Wonderful dining experience!" I have come to this place multiple times and eve time I come I am extremely pleased. I love the ambiance and the staff is A+. It may look small but the reward is huge. I give this place a rave review and I know once you come you will too!  the mussels! I don't know how they get so much flavor in there but they do. The lasagna. Salmon. Spicy Italian sausage. Everything we've had has been delicious The only thing that I feel should be mentioned is the interior seems dated  both were very good too. The fourth person in our group had the Ravioli al Van Santo. Our friend didn't care much for this dish but we all tried it and thought is was good. The only thing I would say is there was not enough sauce on the ravioli. All of us had leftovers to take home. The service was very good and the atmosphere was quaint and cozy. We will be back for sure!" Stopped here to have dinner with a friend visiting from out of town. Excellent service and outstanding food. Everything was fresh and in generous proportions. Highly recommend this place!  as it should be. The Ravioli Vin Santo is one of my favs and be sure to save room to share the bread pudding with someone. It is INCREDIBLE! I would eat here every night Service: we order first dish to share. Why we cannot get extra plate? Why we cannot get water refill without asking again and again? Why cheese not offer for the main dishes and you need to ask? Why used plates taking off the table AFTER the new one arrives and not BEFORE as needed?  Ration between price and food service quality doesn't allow giving you more than 3 stars." Family run.....and you can tell!"  rubbery overcooked noodles and muddy tasting tomato sauce. We ordered a Caesar salad that was good. And my husband's goat cheese ravioli was good. All in all it was overpriced and for the money Lombardino's is a much better bet."  and left it on the table. My dish came with very bland spinach fettuccine and a sauce way too spicy for my taste. The fact that soup or salad does not come with the meal was also disappointing for what you pay. My husband actually enjoyed his chicken dish and the cannoli was very good. If it wasn't for these two positives I'll definitely be stopping back in to try another soup this fall winter!"  they were out of my first and second choices even though they were supposed to be open for 2 more hours."  but I liked what I found! I visited around noon on a weekday and the place was hopping with what seemed to be a local business crowd. I ordered the Cheesy Caprese sandwich and loved it. I sampled some of the soups as well and all were good  but they don't try to mug you in the bathroom or anything like that." Found  hair in my food.  BLECH!!  Never ever again! I cannot wait until sir hobos open up again. This place has the best breakfast anywhere!  The skillet are to die for. This service is as good as any diner in Chicago. Now reopen and beautiful.  Come in and check it out. I bet the Dairy Queen across the parking lot is glad that Sir Hobo's is back open.  I wonder how many people have done what I did... walk to DQ and had an ice cream cone to try to clean the aftertaste of death and decay from my mouth.  Never again.  I'd go to DQ instead." They lost a lifer that day."  which I am. I had the Veggie Skillet which was delisious and my husband enjoyed his inlet as well. The portions where large and the quality was high. A very clean place with a very friendly wait staff. Good kids menu too!" A note:  No carpeting this time around.  It's very noisy.  And the TV's do not help."  Sunday morning breakfast.  Three of the four breakfasts went back.  Two of those came wrong again.  One of those came back wrong a third time.  It took so long for the waitress to come back my wife had nibbled on it  and breakfast food is solid.  But if they can't keep the tables clean Service- waitress didn't give a d*mn about anything.. so yeah.. 2 stars.. maybe we will try again  the homeless man stood up to shake the cook's hand. The homeless man was crying and gave every single person in the restaurant a great big bear hug. It seems that SIR hobos still certainly cares for our fine city's hobo community."  but it beats throwing money at chain restaurants and the food is usually above par."  two eggs and bacon.  The menu item itself gives you 2 sausage links and 2 bacon but the waitress told me I could get all bacon (4 slices) in lieu of bacon and sausage but neglected to explain it cost an extra $2.  Service was extremely slow and the owners don't speak very good english when you try to expalin the problems to them.  Overall fast to. They have a huge menu which is awesome! The workers are always so happy and take good care of you! They just remodeled it and it looks so nice inside and the bathrooms are always clean. Great place!"  we have always received prompt and friendly service. The menu has good variety and plenty of choices. The food is great and comes in portions too big to finish. I highly recommend Sir Hobo's for breakfast." "Tonight i took my 8 yr old little girl to this restaurant for dinner this evening and had the most horrible experience of my life. Don't go here if your a good looking woman because it doesn't matter if your with your child or not because you will be leered at by the owner as well as all the male staff. And even be hit on by the disgusting cook...not sure if these men are albanian or mexican but they were disgusting pervs! Waitress came to my table and said Carlos the cook says ""Hi."" I said ""what1?"" and she said he said he knows you...really!? Told her well i don't know him. I told her then ask him what my name is....she did and came back and says he thinks you look like someone he has seen before. WOW! Unbelievable and with my little girl there. I guess all blonde good-looking white woman look alike and Carlos knows them all! Owner was made aware and i asked to have cook come apologize to me and my daughter for ruining our evening. Owner didn't seem very apologetic and i personally think owner went back and told his staff to check me out because as soon as we were seated i saw him go into kitchen and a few minutes later some guy came out of the back and eyeballed me the whole time he walked by my booth. DISGUSTING....i will never be back there again! BTW Xp7OA8gz7zDgB3I54jyb4g I'm sure some other options are subpar; just reading the menu turned me off to a few of them  food is good. Staff is very friendly with good customer service skills. I like the diversity of who they employ. I routinely visit over the lunch hour. Breakfast food is the best. It nice to have a local hometown restaurant that's been around for awhile" "I've only been there for breakfast Our waitress was so sweet and attentive - we tipped her 50% of the bill just for being so awesome.  We are glad we stopped!"  friendly service and the place is spotless!  I usually order one of their breakfast skillets I strongly recommend it." Average Italian menu items and good service in a nice setting.  Try the steaks they are very good for the price.  Staff is also very good with children. ybkWtM1ZnT2ewuquj3A9KQ ybkWtM1ZnT2ewuquj3A9KQ Gave it four stars last time.  Food and service has gone down hill since then.  The specials are absolutely atrocious and old standbys we used to like are lower quality.  Skip this place. ybkWtM1ZnT2ewuquj3A9KQ  reliable Italian food. A surprisingly nice restaurant for this neighborhood. I often order the lemon-basil salmon  the pizza is wonderful and the calzones are huge and excellent. I had my rehearsal dinner here for a pizza party and it was TOP NOTCH. I'm still getting comments about how good the pizza was. The service for that large party and whenever its just the hubby and I has always been great. DO NOT miss the Tiramisu here!"  but had trouble getting a parking spot due to another hotel event eating up all the spots for both business.  Nice but nothing special in atmosphere and surroundings.  Would definitely go back for the food next time we are staying in the hotel or a nearby hotel We go to Benvenuto's a couple times a month after work for drinks. The bartenders are always friendly and efficient.  Such a gem to have on the Northside of Madison.  and the only thing good was the McDonald's we had after we left this place disappointed!" Disgusting!  I'd rather eat McDonald's over this place! The food is always good.  The beers are cheap and the service is above average.  It is not the cheapest place to eat but it is worth the price.  Last time we ate there we spent less than forty bucks for two people with beers and tip  but really good at handling larger parties if you call ahead." "Expectations weren't high as I realized it was a chain but it is a definite step above Olive Garden or places like that.  I didn't feel like going out and this was the restaurant in the hotel so I figured I would give it a go.  Glad I did because they served me one of the best fried calamari dishes I have yet to have.  Excellent batter Had to wait a little bit to be seated this past time I went. But nothing to horrible. Prices are a little high but the staff is always friendly and the food always tastes really good. Will definitely go back again. The service was about as good as you can get from a restaurant that had their waiters write on your table in classy crayon. The place looks nicer than a Chilis  we had food for 3 days.  The waiter was hard to find and didn't keep our water full.  The unlimited bread was decent with an olive oil herb dipping sauce.  I would go back for the pizza so in the end I see people like to gripe about the name in crayon on the table. Who the hell cares! I stink at remembering people's names. I go here because it is casual." I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good place to eat with good service." Food is always excellent  service is great and staff are friendly. They have great salads and potions are large. The atmosphere is great and the place is clean. "This is my go to restaurant when I just need to get out of the house on a weeknight.  Food is solid and their beer and cocktail prices are maybe the cheapest in town.  A martini that would be $12 or $13 at the Hilton is $7.  Trevor There is nothing special about this restaurant but it's good if you are in a bind."  the waitress was snooty and the manager...she brushed off my complaint about the bathrooms and the fact there was an ant in my food. My food was remade but when it was brought to me it wasn't warm. I'll never go back to this place again." Great flavor only down side was the temperature of the food when we got it. The server Erin was absolutely the most wonderful and fun person we could have had. The meal took a while to get to us even tho there wasn't many customers. ybkWtM1ZnT2ewuquj3A9KQ I do believe this place has promise and wish to see them deliver it." Their chicken Ceasars salad is prob the best I've ever had.   They add seared lemon halves!  Also.   Pizza is awesome too. I almost didn't tip the server but then realized it's not our server that was the issue. Our server was great!"  it's something that I will order for pick up several times per month.  I have found that they are getting more and more stingy on the ingredients. They aren't putting much chicken on the salad  chicken tetrazzini lacked the flavor I was expecting. The Steak Gorgonzola I was told was excellent. All in all All in all we took food home but really havnt thought about it since. These leftovers will probably be sacrificed to neglect. That should be explanatory." The food was under-cooked. The meatball sandwich was mostly breadcrumbs. We will never return to this restaurant for food. Horrible service Good for families.  Good service.  Good food." We might go back again for the meatballs  give Fazoli's a try."  I take that back.  If you are heating up a t.v. dinner Very frustrating experience.  Our order was very simple but the cashier couldn't get it right.  While waiting for our food I watched the beleaguered manager apologizing to every table.  Every customer had a problem with their food or order.  We waited twenty minutes for our food and decided to leave.   I have never experienced more incompetence.  Never again..... Food is okay for a fast food Italian restaurant. They bring you our food and they clean it too; it's like they are trying to convert to an actual restaurant with waiters and bus boys. The unlimited breadsticks are for dine-ins only. Have only had one bad service where they took a while for my one meal but they did handle it well by apologizing and giving me a coupon for a free meal next time. Awesome service and the food is great! The alfredo is a bit lighter than Olive Garden which I personally like and the breadsticks are to DIE FOR. Also if you save your receipt there is a website to fill in a survey and you get a free spaghetti/sauce entree (regular sized which is good sized) for the price of a drink (turns out to be less than $2)! This is a great deal because even if you do this they give you another receipt and you can keep getting the deal. Also if you go before 3 they have a good lunch special which is 2 1/2 portions of pasta/lasagna and a drink for $5! Great fast restaurant and the manager is phenomenal!  and decent sized serving for the price. I liked that I got my food quickly and the staff was friendly. There is a drive-thru." But those breadsticks--they're like crack  Fazoli's is a good place to dine." The last thing we are is crooks trying to get a free dollar something soda but as a manager myself I would have definitely comp'd them and sent the customer off somewhat satisfied. Horrible customer service!!!!!" "Went there again a few months after my initial visit. This time it was awful. Cold food  the food is okay. It's the only fast food Italian place I know of near me which is why I tried it. I was told that the food was cheap and they had free ""refills"" on their breadsticks which was said to be the best thing there. I ordered fettuccini alfredo and did not end up eating it because it was cold and very soupy (when it should've been thicker considering it's pasta). I don't plan on going back anytime soon."  so I decided to give it a shot. I ordered the Lunch special with Fettuccini Alfredo & side salad. The noodles were a bit dried out but the sauce was super yummy. The side salad had quite a few issues; half of the lettuce was mushy/wilted and the red onion pieces were slimy and inedible. The breadsticks were most definitely the best part (rivals Olive Garden)! I'll try again I only go here if I have no other choice. I suggest going down the road to University Station and hit the Subway there. Better service and sandwiches." Xia0Lo492MDWbCd48scnYA This Subway has NOT been closed as may have been reported by other Yelpers (I was just there on Friday) Update: I retract my last statement. I went there again this weekend and their menu has a lot to choose from. The hot and spicy squid was really good."  great food and fast service.  I love this place!" "Dorcas is a very standard Korean restaurant... that Koreans actually go to! The portions are substantial *Update* - Dom's closed their doors tonight after many years of service to C-U. Too bad you missed it." Please excuse me now while I gnash my teeth and rend sackcloth."  it is rumored to be relocating in downtown Champaign at some point - where everything else is!" UPDATE 11/20/2009: They have a banner outside the building announcing they are now hiring servers and will be opening soon! WOO!"  and the blueberry carrot cake moist and divine. I can attest to some of their ingredients because many of them are local and from farms I know- try the Prairie Fruit Farms goat cheese tart for a real treat if it is available. The chef tries hard to incorporate lots of ingredients from local farms. To make the experience perfect  I said ""We were just in there for like an hour and nothing annoying happened the entire time!""  That is extremely rare on our friday nights in downtown CU." It's honestly pretty good. The service is attentive without being obnoxious. I love the pasta salad nicoise and the last time I went there I tried the bacon chicken alla diavolo which was spicy and delicious. The fresh or biaggi's (reserve online if you hate waiting + want good food)"  depending on where you sit. I like to be able to *see* my food. I've also gotten dishes where the vegetables were just grilled to charcoal  the owner will realize what a gem this place is and reopen quickly in a new location." I heard that this restaurant is closing soon. So my coworkers and I went to try it out. Their lunch menu has excellent selections. You can either go with their entrees or there's an option to choose 2 or 3 of their entrees in a single dish. The service is exceptional as well. Definitely one of Champaign's best.  hop a flight if you have to.  I'll even pick you up from Willard airport if I have to.  I have a feeling Champaign will be missing something when our large mustachioed friend is gone."  save the strogonoff. i had the eggplant napoleon and it was deeelish! don't leave impasta  but sadly had to say farewell.  I was sorry to see the larger location close  too late.  We won't be back." Bottom line: avoid like the plague." You couldn't pay me to go back. I've had better meals at the Olive Garden- and that isn't saying much." I miss the old downtown Champaign location.  The Urbana restaurant lacks the charm and coziness that the Great Impasta once had."  and my friend's was so cold that the cream sauce had congealed. Sigh." I don't think I could recommend this place to anyone after what they served  us for dinner yesterday. Definitely not worth the price - would have rather gone to Cafe Luna or Bacarro." I was so pleased to see they welcomed us despite of the time constrain and deserve kudos for such friendliness and flexibility."  the food was just ok. My husband's salad was lacking any zing (dressing was bland) and my entree had little flavor except for the red pepper flakes which dominated it. I would go back  non-chain Italian food at a reasonable price  in a traditional Italian-American household where food was a centerpiece of family life and the table was the ""sacra tavola"" or sacred table.  I dined in restaurants in Little Italy and Brooklyn where the wait staff was fresh ""off the boats"" and barely spoke English and the owners and chefs were all old school Italians who had menus often hand-written and dictated by what was fresh and available in the markets and there was a sense of tradition in the entire dining experience.  Their tables were often occupied by members of ""La Famiglia"" but we won't go there.  I have no such high expectations from the local ""Eye-talian"" businesses.  Anyway Slowest service I've ever had in my life. Took 20 minute for a waitress to come to our table. It wasn't even a waitress... The hostess was the one who helped us. Took 45 minutes to get our food after we ordered. Spent 2 hours in the place... Wasn't even crowded. Food was good that is about it.  We asked for a discount and what did we get... 10%. We saved 2 dollars after spending 2 hours of our time there.  Was awesome to be sitting next to the mom who had a shirt that said I run so I don't kill people as she made her kid cry by force feeding him broccoli at 10pm.  the only reason I go there is to hear Donnie Heitler play the piano on Wednesday nights." Real traditional options. Food was amazing and service was exceptional. Original commitment to quality is key to success. Really loved their Microstrone soup and their iced tea is pretty amazing!! They were out of a lot of stuff on their menu but it was everything I hoped for in the end. The food here is so mediocre as to be funny.  But the place itself holds a special place in my heart.  I spent many a high school half-day with my friends sitting in the trolley.  And I always loved the decor.  It was like walking into a mansion that is some old-timey wonderland. Why would anyone pay money for food like this?  I had some chicken dish for lunch one day that wasn't the best.  The bread was fresh from the oven so the butter melted as soon as you spread it  but if I want to go shabby chic and chow with the family it's okay. Not my deal Post Script/N.B.* My girlfriend has informed me that if you call ahead for a kids' pasta meal  kinda fun and pretty well liked by most people.  Very kid friendly.  And who knows  I really like this place! I know the food ain't great and sometimes the crowds are a put-off. But you can't beat the charm of the antiques and whimsical oddities. And it has lots of big open spaces for groups of out-of-town guests or get-together with old high school chums. Lots of fun."  don't expect to be in and out in an hour for lunch. Service is slow for whatever reason. I learned after a few times that an hour and a half was the norm for lunch." I agree with what other reviewers are saying when it comes to the quality of food.  While it does not blow me away it is not that bad or should I say consistently average.  I have not disliked anything I have had here.  The servers are always friendly and attentive and seem to handle really large groups very well.  The bar is pretty cool and they do make a really good margarita:).  I like the way this place feels. It's fun to take my younger family members from out of town.  What kid wouldn't want to eat lunch in an old-time train car? Plus Another notable fact: the location is actually ranked as one of the top haunted places in AZ.  When I worked there the power went out one night and i swear to you we could hear footsteps up in the attic!" "I think Calamari F. pretty much summed it up. OSF serves absolutely inedible ""Italian"" food that is far worse than the usual Americanized Italian fare you get at chain Italian restaurants like Olive Garden. I would have rather had seafood alfredo from Red Lobster. The prices were also very high. The only good thing about our experience was the ""free"" spumoni ice cream that comes with every entree purchase. Avoid at all costs." "I was amazed how much the food sucked at this place.. I had the Sicilian w/ chips (looked like Lays chips).  I had a much better experience at the OSF in Seattle.  You would think the 2 would be the same "One thing that I love about OSF is that they offer gluten-free pasta for those of us who have wheat/gluten issues. The one thing that I hate about OSF is that you never know if they will actually have the gluten-free pasta in stock. Usually the server will inform me upon ordering that they are out of my pasta DlCtdbceo4YNSI53cCL2lg  oblivious to the talent that's out there. Unfortunately Phoenix is slowly but surely returning to its roots. Where is our talent? Surely it is not at the Old Spaghetti Factory."  go to the Olive Garden. At least their salad and breadsticks are decent." as a phoenix institution for decades i wish this place was better. maybe someday someone will come in and turn it around..but as a ""chain"" restuarant i don't see that happening. either way..for nostalgia i'll still eat here on a quirky whim. but i will not go out of my way to eat here." Parking can be a little hectic as well"  sister and I left satisfactory!" The Old Spaghetti Factory used to be one of those places where you can go and meet up with the family for lunch/dinner and have good food as well as walk out of there full.  Their food used to be excellent and not taste like it came out of a microwave...or pre-cooked in bags like the Olive Garden." Now that it's directly across from the lightrail maybe I will stop by if I'm in the area. It will always have a sort of nostalgic status in my mind  the food is doing little to impress me. It has become one of those places where I am never truly satisfied with what I ordered. Because their menu is traditional fare I find myself comparing it to every other Italian place I have been and none of their dishes stand out as the best I have had or even close to it. The portions do not match the price in my opinion and neither does the quality. I just end up walking away from dinner feeling a bit cheated by the entire experience. I wish I could fall in love all over again with this landmark DlCtdbceo4YNSI53cCL2lg  & friendly staff.  While it's not the best Italian out there  but I've little interest recapturing the sleepy era this factory is shooting for."  but keep the bread coming and I am happy. Went recently for my 9 year olds B Day dinner ( His Request ) and we all had a great time. The service was excellent and the meal ended with a complimentary piece of cake for my boy and enthusiastic singing from the staff. What more could you ask for. Great job OSF !"  but at least it was in our favor.  Everything else went off without a hitch; the food was delicious (you gotta know what to order though---we always order the same thing...chicken marsala with the mizithra cheese spaghetti and the eggplant parm) and our server brought applesauce and milk for our toddler.  Which reminds me-- it's a great family place; we are always relieved to be at a place where there are other kids and babies being noisy.  Less chance of us being the ones making the scene or anyone noticing our toddler flinging her applesauce off the spoon.  Sorry to the people sitting next to us I like good food; I want good food even in a middle of the road place like this. Find inspiration and pass it along to your patrons. I mean if I am going to remain fat I want it to mean something....."  place and service was fine  since they don't take reservations.  The 1980's era arcade games are great to pass the time and bring back many memories of wasted quarters of my youth.  TOSF is one of those places that will always leave you full of good food and great memories...even if it is a chain." Now when I look in my cupboards six years later  but not because I really want to. Maybe I can convince him to go to Postino's instead.....I hope. :)"  ""We're meeting at Spaghetti Factory.""" There is way better Italian food out there people!"  however the alfredo sauce leaves something to be desired. The dish was okay. It was good enough for 11 dollars but nothing special or spectacular. I probably won't head back on my own." "I have been to plenty of spaghetti factory restaurants in Cali Very solid 4 stars...." Overall - $31 for a hopefully soon forgettable dining experience.  The service from the waiter and the manager(s) was annoying and the meal average at best.  Some memories are best kept as that. I don't think I need to revisit this restaurant any time soon." The best part of my dining experience was my drink - ordered a strawberry vanilla italian soda and it was yum. Wish I had more to say but that's pretty much it..."  but the service doesn't support such a cool looking restaurant. I'm not sure how long it took to get a glass of wine and beer from the waiter but it semed like forever! There is no parking in the front so you have to drive around to the back which is a tad unsavory honestly. How do you mess up Italian food THAT bad?? Really! Go somewhere else. Do not take anyone but your kids here and order something like spaghetti and meatballs!! Then cross your fingers!" I will always come back to this place.  I love it." What could have been an overall pleasant experience ruined by what is essentially a sham.  Giving patrons a menu with lunch specials and prices and then waiting to mention ""that doesn't apply"" until the bill arrives disgraceful.  Deceptive business practices will trump decent food every time We wont be going back" "This is probably my favorite place to eat.  The location has weathered the change in downtown and addition of the light rail construction.  The building is great  kids love the trolley and they get to ring the bell when they finish eating.  Always good motivation." All in all it was pretty charming." This is a great family restaurant and the staff is really nice and friendly.  For the price of the food and the service you really can't beat it."  its a decent place. the lasagna and chicken marsala werent bad. my favorite was probably the minnestrone however  they brought me a REAL-SIZE salad the 2nd time. They should have done that the first time. The service was slow as hell and they brought us 2 loaves of bread (bc we had a party of 7) with only 1 knife. It was retarded all around. Just about everyone else was dissatisfied with their meals. It was lunch hour The Old Spaghetti Factory is one of my fave place to eat and celebrate special occasions. I like the eclectic decorations and wood furniture ambiance of the restaurant. The meal portions are large enough for two. I often order the spaghetti with meat balls or with white clam sauce. There is always room for spumoni!  but at least I had a little bit of vegetables to go with my meal. It's also quick. Take out orders are almost always said to be ready within 10 to 15 minutes."  although I've tasted better sauces for the lasagna.  The bread was not as good as say Outback Steakhouse bread either.  Overall though  this would be my choice for a last meal.  I have no idea how anything else tastes here  sherbert or vanilla ice cream at the end is a real bonus!  A great place before a game downtown  especially with these little booth rooms.  The food didn't really leave an impression on me I got the egg plant parmesan and it looked like my 7 year old tried to make it or it came from a box. The sauce was so so. It's definitely more of a tourist attraction or a place for people who haven't eaten real Italian food. Save your money I give it two stars for the food. Not a good thing when you don't enjoy the spaghetti at a place called the Old Spaghetti Factory." This is a pretty lame review actually.  What was the point of this?  Not sure." I'll come back again another time with my husband. Good times!"  at least there is plenty to look at to make the time pass.  The food was pretty good for the price.  The service was also great.  I'd happily go back again."  then you would like this place.  It's a convenient place to eat after shopping at the mall and their quick service is great if you're crunched for time.  But the food is just average and not that special." DlCtdbceo4YNSI53cCL2lg But sometimes - that's *exactly* what I want!  Service is always friendly "Rated ""10 best family restaurant chains"". Fine It is located conveniently off the light rail stop at Central and McDowell  has better quality food for the same price.  A plus that earned TOSF it's third star: the atmosphere is nice "We love love love the Old Spaghetti Factory. I don't think there's been a single time I've been that I haven't had to wait The service was friendly and I enjoyed the various surroundings. But the food was sadly not up to par. I could make better spaghetti at home."  this is not the place to go! The food is simple but tastes great. Good for large groups as the place is huge with many different rooms to be seated in. They offer a complete dinner: drink "Tasty for fast no frills italian. Consistently tend to skimp on the marinara though. Always need to ask for a side of it when the meal comes. The fresh bread  see turned up noses when it is suggested. I've given up. It's definitely retro in atmosphere It is just a warm beautiful place to go with friends  scoop of ice cream) hearty meal for under $25. It may not be super traditional Italian but it is tasty and a good price." tpOgdsqWcrlFyQSrRIua-g  then go to Oregano's instead!...NOW we're talkin'!"  but the sausage was pretty good. I'd go back if I craved just a plate of pasta with no frills  which explains why it looks so packed on weekend.  The food is average but they do give you big portions enough that maybe two or three people can easily share two plates.  The service was pretty good as well."  and I rarely have to wait for anything."  we'll be seeking out a different restaurant."  plus a simplification of menu (bring back the lunch drink option)  and get back on and head downtown. The service is always friendly and you always get a hearty meal at a good price! The hot out of the oven sourdough bread is the best!! If anything come for the bread." The penne REALLY IS amazing here.  If you haven't been to this OSF yet What I loved most about this place though was it reminded me of happy times of my childhood. I spent many a birthdays at the one in downtown San Diego. It was nice that it hadn't changed that much...just better drinks now ;)"  you can even sit in a trolley! Great value too. Soup or salad  prices are quite reasonable and The Old Spaghetti Factory scores on that basis.  The lasagna was loaded with meat and just enough ricotta to balance.  Not enough mozzarella was buried under a thick coat of ho-hum tomato sauce.  Several other cheeses were (literally) throw-in's  which is either a good thing or bad thing i feel it was sadly mislead..I was so disappointed but at very least I didnt feel bad about not taking off my running jacket before dinner Metro Light Rail Stop at McDowell & Central" DlCtdbceo4YNSI53cCL2lg  this time I didn't. While the prices are good it's not worth a less than average meal. Husband was equally disappointed with his chicken marsala. Chances of going back are slim to none." The Lasagna was slightly cold and the chicken marsala had a rubbery/fatty bottom that I ended up cutting the chicken up and not eating it."  this Phoenix institution is not gonna win any awards for its food.  There are a whole lotta other reasons why we go here.  It feels like your grandma's place and my kids love it.  I've been going there for nearly 40 years.  The food is dependable and tasty and the cost is very reasonable.  Know that you are always going to wait in the lobby  and he and Joseph worked out the details for maintaining the safety of the rack and returning it to its rightful owner.  As we unlocked our bikes  we're riding the tram and sitting at the bar. I forgot how cool this place was. We were glad the kids had a weird spaghetti craving that night." Every pasta I have gotten I've never been disappointed with. My favorite is the mizithra cheese on one side and meat sauce on the other. AMAZING!"  but more was on the way and offered us a salad instead (should have taken her up on that offer). The meals came and still no soup. We were offered more bread and then were told they ran out of that too. I had spaghetti with meat sauce and my wife and son had chicken Parmesan. We all felt the spaghetti was tasteless and the chicken was rubbery. The soup finally came after we were done with our meals and in our opinion was inedible. All in all a very disappointing meal. The prices here a similar to most Italian chain restaurants. I personally will never go to this chain again"  & great atmosphere.  One reason I have been here several times is because of the convenient location across from the Metro.  This place also has great history  the service was really bad.... Lindsey the FOH Manager took great care us and it wasen't neccessary. Thank You....." "I love Spaghetti Factory. And the manager Courtney has really impressed me. We never had a problem there until this month. We we're upset and stop to talk to her about it. Even though I didn't want ""rain check or gift card"" she gave me gift card for up to $45 and a free garlic bread. We return tonight to use our gift cards. She heard we in house and made a point to stop at our table & sit and talk with us. Not only was our service above great tonight (like normal) but I was just so  impressed I had to share. It great place  I can go to a deli and get a bigger sausage sub with way more sausage for the same price and end up taking half home for later.  I will say that it was not at all expensive and that combined with the decent service is why I gave 3 stars." Highly recommend chicken parmigiana." The Brown butter sauce and pesto ranch are both worth trying at least once.  it is! I've had worse food; I'll leave it at that." This experience just solidified my opinion on all Spaghetti Factories. I would pass if I were you but I'm not sure what other options there are in Phoenix."  but not great. I'd be willing to try it again before casting it aside." "I've loved Old Spaghetti Factory (Spaghetti Company) for 20+ years. The Mizithra/Garlic Butter is so tasty. Prices are really reasonable and service friendly if not always perfect. I give them 4 stars for great value  but I'm docking one star because they REDUCED THEIR PORTIONS.  I used to leave this place full.  Now "Horrible Service. Food was sub par. Not as good as an Olive Garden. Expected a more authentic taste. The decor was the only positive. Again  but the service is top notch." Loved it!  Reasonably priced.  Lots of food!  And I like the atmosphere/setting.  or even current. Maybe Robert Irvine could pay a visit"  but what get's me every time is the extremely sensational atmosphere. This location has so much too look at you'll definitely find your eyes wandering as you eat  had to ask the hostess for items because the thing our server did best was disappear. Our dessert was served with the dirty dishes on the table and he failed to bring clean spoons. What a disapointment as we were celebrating a birthday.." All I could think was ""Robert Irvine would have a field day trying to fix this place on Restaurant:  Impossible!""  full and with intentions of returning soon."  not much sauce on it. I wanted to see if I could have another side of sauce but it seriously took him so long to come back I ended up just eating it. It was a good dish  so I picked the broccoli out and that was that.  I wonder how they are teaching servers nowadays because when I was still in the industry and two plates looked untouched we were taught to inquire about what was wrong.  I did not feel the need to complain because as I stated before the manager was obviously too busy hanging out nonchalantly to care about my awful dish.  I would stay away unless you are just of the greedy type that don't mind stale pasta because they will give you a heaping serving for around $10." Because I like going to places that remind me of being a kid I have no doubt I'll be back again."  The Old Spaghetti Factory. We first met in Tacoma whilst I played tourist almost 20 years ago. I've since bumped into you in Spokane Free ice cream after a meal doesn't hurt its repertoire either."  the decor is so-so. Sometimes I wonder how long it's been since some of the display items have been cleaned. Makes me a little leary of what other corners they might be cutting By far my favorite restaurant in the valley. Great food and staff with enough bang for your buck. if you are unsure of what to order you really can't go wrong with a classic! DlCtdbceo4YNSI53cCL2lg  additional in the back."  sadly I'd say below even Olive Garden.  And the service is totally hit and miss...  Service is sometimes great  I need to type up a review for each location I've been to. But the truth is that they are all good. The food is yummy and I think the home made salad dressing us the best. I love the atmosphere and of corse the garlic bread. If you have not been to one of the many locations I highly recommend you give them a try. If your in vacation and want a fun family restaurant give them a call and bake a reservation because some times the wait is long."  but it's got quantity and it is satisfying. That's all one could really ask for as far as I'm concerned." The service here was friendly and efficient and overall a pretty good value."  but I have to bump them a star because the value you get is rare and the mizithra is worth the trip alone."  it has a very large parking lot. Not having to worry about parking makes meals here that much more enjoyable :)" Ok this place was soo fantastic. I ordered the appetizer Sicilian garlic cheese bread. It had the perfect amount of cheese and garlic. The bread wasn't hard either just right. For my main entree I went with chicken broccoli fettuccine Alfredo. I definitely made the right choice. It tasted delicious! To top it off they include dessert with dinner. :)  and for downtown EXCELLENT parking. The food was wonderful.  And despite the fact that every table seemed to be filled with holiday office parties The interior is fun. We sat inside a train or cable car of some sort. Not much else to say. Decent dinner. Decent prices."  and hostess was trying to convince us meatballs are basically the same thing!) Stefan took care of us with offering to give us our money back and a coupon for next time. He saved this trip from us not wanting to come back!" Not sure if it was just bc of the specials they were running and thus slowing down service but I would go back bc of the price point of the food. But if the service was the same I'd probably not come." While I cannot say I'd add this to my regular rotation  and left an after taste where possibly the oven they use gives that taste off.... we immediately told them about it they replaced it with another one (this one was garnished as opposed to the first one) and it tasted the same. Probably store bought.... my fiancee ordered the chicken paramagiana and I ordered spaghetti with meatballs and Italian sausage. His plate came back with this small piece of chicken to the side of his spaghetti. Flavorless and not worth the cost. Mine came back a mess. The meatballs Marsala spaghetti-nuff said! "My kids and I love this place. We have visited this location three or four times and the Chandler location once. We even turned my mom and stepdad into fans who visit the Chandler location often. We always get great service and tons of food. Tonight was no exception. My son had the Chicken Parmigiana and was extremely happy. My daughter chose the Cheese Mannicotti and Spaghetti and not feel out of place.  We will definitely be back again." "This is my first review of this restaurant but I have been here many times. I have always had a great experience and have never been disappointed with the food I have ordered. This location is my preferred one due to its location. The building is full of character and the light rail stop being right in front is a plus since my 6 year old son loves riding it. Yes manager did bring our hot food out personally so we got to talk. this is not the place i remember to come and dine and enjoy........"  both the tomato meat sauce and the clam sauce were good. Bread was very average  but the food was reasonably priced and we received salad They messed up our reservation didn't get to eat...had to leave to get to Comerica after 30 minute wait... My family of 5 went for dinner on a Saturday night. We had a reservation for 6:30 granted we went early to see if we could be seated earlier but no luck needless to say we did not get seated till almost 7. The hostess staff was rude and had to get the manager involved. My kids did not like to food at all and they love spaghetti and meatballs. Food did not come out hot at all. The food was also average nothing special about it. I would not recommend this place and will not be coming back. Our spaghetti was fresh! What a hoax! It is what it is. A family portions and very casual place. The food here is pretty good. And service is always wonderful. Walking through the kitchen before u get seated is a different touch but seems a little gross to me.  but they sure as hell don't know how to cook it. Service is outstanding. Food is a joke. Or at least whoever is cooking it is. They should be fired. This place has been around a long time. Has great potential. I gave it a few tries and nothing but bad luck with the food." Food was good but our waiter was horrible and our lunch (at 2 in the afternoon) took over 2 hours because the service was so slow.  because it gave Natalie a time of her life!"  albeit my son said his chicken was a but on the dry side. Our waitress could not have been more attentive. Prices were reasonable AND - YOU SHOULD TIP ACCORDING TO HOW MUCH YOU ATE.  The menu certainty doesnt reflect the true value of how hard your server worked to keep you satisfied." "I had been wanting to go to this place for a long time Thank you all for an awesome dining experience!!" Another fun and delicious meal with the nieces.  Great iced tea as well. I finally managed to make my way here after years of saying I would! Love the atmosphere in there. It's so...eccentric! And the food was good. Totally did not know you get a free dessert afterwards! Spumoni icecream was great. Win win situation :D  drink and dessert so you get plenty to eat. Their kids menu is also quite extensive so it is great for families and groups."  kind of a blast from the past.  I would imagine it would be a great place to take the kids.  Pretty sure we were supposed to get bread with out meal  spotty service but will always go back for the Mizithra Cheese! Try to call ahead for a table Will be back again and again"  there is plenty to see here and my daughter enjoys spaghetti so it was a good combination.  I wouldn't recommend this place for the food  the host sits us at a table that was not assigned to any wait staff at all!! We ended up leaving  took a while to figure out what is what. The bread tasted weird and the actual food was just nasty. I hate Olive Garden but I'd rather eat there any day of the week than come back to Spaghetti Factory! Seriously people!? Why the good reviews?! Crap from a can. Reheat and serve." "Really nice dcor.  Delicious food.  Parking sucks and can only imagine what it's like during a lunch or dinner rush.  Maybe there's more parking ""out back"" but it's pretty sparse ... and narrow." "This is my favorite OSF location! The historic downtown location (coupled with ghost story rumors) makes for a fun and #TBT experience! The staff here are always friendly Be kind to the businesses that make Phoenix a better place and know that if they didn't live up to a 5 star review  then breaded and either baked or fried. This Chicken Parm was the most simple thoughtless dish I have ever had! And at the tune of $11.95 they can keep it! The walls and ceiling were moldy and the service sucked. Smells like cat piss and I recommend you just go somewhere you know has good food and skip the ""history"" and awful decor."  was mediocre at best. One of the  worst dining experiences I've ever had. We won't be returning."  not too bad or too good." We will come back when in the area :)" They seem to be declining over recent years but the Mizithra is so good we went back anyway.  Appetizer flatbread was fair.  Chicken parm was fair.  Mizithra was great.  who like to poke people in the behind! I have never experienced it  lamps and other cool things to look at.  The service was friendly and fairly efficient.  The food is decent and reasonably priced.  I had the spaghetti and marinara with minestrone soup and finished off with rainbow sherbet.  They must be doing something right since they have been in Phoenix since 1972!" Great food and great prices as always!" The waitress was very attentive and sweet. We did wait a little longer than usual to order drinks but once she got to our table the service wasn't slow. Her sweet personality made up for the initial wait." I will continue to dine here when I crave Italian." Ran into this place on the way from the airport to Grand Canyon and had a great time there. You can try 4 types of sauce for your pasta at the same time and all four were excellent. I particularly like the meat sauce - great thickness and flavor. The interior was very interesting too. Not sure if we'll ever be back to this location. We might give the one in Chandler a chance  much better than I expected whilst dining on vacation. Would recommend to those craving spaghetti." Recently we had our company party here. I absolutely love this huge old building. Inside of the place is so unique. It's almost like a museum. But the food is not that great. Prices are cheap. So I still gave it a 4 star because it's a neat experience. food was cold and service terruble. It was only me and I felt like they didn't care. when I said the food was cold they said it is supposed to be that way. the salad was soggy too. love every time we go wish the portion sizes were a bit bigger though but everything is wonderful thanks osf my favorite is half mizithra  cheese and half mushroom sauce with some meatballs or meat sauce also love the pesto ranch dressing We recommend Old Spaghetti Factory."  and my wife and I decided we would come here on our way back. Boy  there was one in Hollywood but it was shut down and the last one in Phoenix. All of them I rate them 4 Star i'm a Fan . Just depends also what attitude you go when you go out to eat  So good! Service was great and everything was delicious! I really enjoyed the meal and would definitely recommend! I would only return if I was invited and accompanied by a group and everyone else wanted it." We dined in for lunch on a Friday.  Short wait and then we were seated in bar area.  Took about 15 minutes to get our drinks because our waiter was also bartender. It looked like a busted up antique shop but i guess that's what they are going for.  Garlic bread and complementary bread were pretty good.  I ordered a salad that was drenched in oil. Very hard to eat more than a couple bites.  Chicken in my pasta was definitely frozen and looked like rubber.  I'm glad i tried it but i won't come back.  Much better value at  olive garden  they managed to sit the only family with the restless noisy kid right next to my wife and I. They must be much more concerned about their section allocations than the enjoyment of their customers. Don't go here expecting a nice quiet lunch or dinner." Spinach and cheese ravioli with Alfredo sauce instead of marinara is my favorite! And that darn warm mini loaf of sour doe is perfect every damn time. Love! Maybe we just went on a wrong day or time" "Pretty cool place. Good value for price. Somewhere your kids would enjoy a lot Love the interior and atmosphere and wooden charm. The food was good and satisfying if you're craving some traditional Italian fare. Salad is basic. Got the Mizuna with browned butter which is delicious and meat sauce which was good. Dessert is included and spumoni ice cream hit the spot.  Service was lacking and we felt we were in a corner where it was hard to get someone's attention and waitstaff sparingly came by. "25 min wait on a Tuesday with empty restaurant. ""Unfortunately we're low on servers."" Sure "It hurts me to write this since this is place has such wonderful memories. But for the past few years the food has become tasteless and service less than lackluster. Even with this I still would come bringing my family trying to relive my happy childhood  memories.  So on Saturday  4/11/2015 my family  and I drove the 25 miles to get there and when we arrive there was a few families  waiting. I checked our family  in at 5pm for a party of 7 and the hostess stated it will be a 45 min wait. I agreed and as 5:45 came around my dad went to check to see if they ready for us. He came back and stated that they told him another 15 minutes. As we are waiting the restaurant  starts filling up and we notice many families  that came after us were being seated. At 6:00 pm I went to check to see much longer and the hostess looked at the clipboard and stated it will be another 20 mins. I couldn't believe it  no one in he group that had Alfredo sauce liked it (tasted jarred) and everything was so smothered in grated cheese it was hard to taste anything beyond it. The Birthday girl and her husband were the only ones of the group that had been there before. We chose this spot for price "I appreciate the hard work the guys put in attending to a party of over 20people. Great work Love the interior and atmosphere and wooden charm. The food was good and satisfying if you're craving some traditional Italian fare. Salad is basic. Got the Mizithra cheese with browned butter which is delicious and meat sauce which was good. Dessert is included and spumoni ice cream hit the spot.  Service was lacking and we felt we were in a corner where it was hard to get someone's attention and waitstaff sparingly came by. This old fashioned spot has been a favorite for years! I love the decor and the food is really good! The garlic cheese bread is to die for! Finish the meal off with a free scoop of vanilla ice cream or sherbet!  bigger more important tables came in behind us that took priority. Table of 15 next to us that came in  30 minutes later I will definitely return"  I was wrong.  I asked the server for something light.  He recommended the crab ravioli.  It is in a green pesto sauce.  I would have posted a photo...except I ate it so fast it was all gone before I could take a picture.  My son's meat lover's spaghetti platter was ""good"" and met his needs.  I thought his meatballs were too salty and lacked a fresh garlic-herb burst of flavor that I think sets an outstanding meatball apart from the ""average"".  The Italian sausage was excellent.  The spaghetti was quite good.  My wife had a shrimp salad and it was well above average.  Service was good.  The atmosphere is eclectic and fun.  I am going back for the crab ravioli.  It is a new favorite dish."  I will give this place 4 stars. The Italian dressing on the side salad was gross so I'm glad I ordered the cheese bread. It's nice that the meals come with a scoop of sherbet  garlic miztheria is my go to. The bread and salad are amazing too. My daughter's favorite place to eat. Not a close drive So so on the service.  Traveling on business sat at the bar with every stool open.  Bar tender would not let me eat at the bar because she was busy?  I said I am the only person here? She directed me to the hostess to be seated.  Perhaps she doesn't work on tips? Waiter was great and interior was unique lay out. "While this place had a lot of charm it left a lot to be desired. We had a party of 11 & with literally 1 other table it took them over 15 minutes to seat us.(between lunch and dinner) Once seated it took my husband going to the manager to get a server to take our drink order. The server proceeds to tell us ""sorry the other server didn't want this table because you have 7 kids here!"" Uh really there is literally not one other patron in the place. Took drink order and brought kids all cups with no lids. Food came out fairly timely. I had pick 2- lasagna was fair but the chicken Marsala was horrendous. NEVER AGAIN!"  other employees standing around talking to one another or just doing nothing. Still no water. We then walked out and will not ever go there again." "One year later and another birthday for Natalie at her favorite restaurant. We had another great time here. This time I had their chicken Alfredo We waited 30 minutes to be seated and another 30 for our lunch once it was ordered. Our lunch arrived and it was okay. We won't be back :(  mom gets the half and half which is spinach & cheese raviolis w spaghetti w rich meat sauce. Kids always get the Italian creme sodas w fruit flavor and they get to keep the glass. The salad w the balsamic vinegar and olive oil is delish. And all meals come w ice cream to finish off ur dinner. Spamoni or vanilla are the choices... The decor is just darling here I had the shrimp Alfredo....good.  Just depends on your taste. I loved the complementary bread and butter. The salad was not bad. And the meal came with your choice of three desserts. The vanilla ice cream was good. The Shirley temple was also good. Not many restaurants get my Shirley right:)" "Decor is beautiful! This place has so much character. Food even taste better than so of their other locations. Service is good and prices are the cherry on top. We ordered 3 pasta dishes with salad So kudos for manager Stephan and all his crew. Looking forward to seeing y'all again. And again. Oh Very pretty building that just had a modern cosmetic renovation at the front entrance to put in a ramp. It has easy access to the light rail and bus stops too."  but also he wasn't the worst. I would recommend this if you want a different classic Italian experience. Moderate revisiting value."  and the waitress would have been better trained.  Next time I may try the Alfredo sauce but the Marinaria sauce was nothing to brag about." I often get take out from here. I always get the Gluten Friendly Alfredo with shrimp. Tonight when I went to pick up my order the hostess let me know that the cooks packaged my shrimp in a different container than the pasta because it wasn't Gluten Free. KUDOS to whomever caught this! I am extremely grateful and now know to order chicken instead. I really thank the person that put two and two together (gf pasta+ not gf shrimp). "Brought my daughters for lunch.  Chicken and mozzarella panini was good We came for my son's Birthday (my son's favorite place). We seated quickly .Out waitress was Shayna please ask for her she was great! My asked for anything she was on top of all our needs. As a former waitress myself  I understand the difficulty of customers happy! She was sweet with my kids and professional with me. So if you do get a chance to come here please ask for Shayna. Thanks again The old Spaghetti factory. Also the sinks in the girls room would not stop dropping and that's really wasteful... Conserve water people..." Tasty lunch with great customer service - thanks OSF Phoenix!" Food: salad drowning in the house dressing. Spaghetti was ok.  Not al dente but not soggy either.  Sauce had some tange but was a bit boring and needed more vegetables. The scoop of ice cream was melting as it was served  not my preference so I didn't eat it. I can't eat lettuce/cabbage and they only had minestrone soup with cabbage and salad as the side choices...they offered me a child's applesauce as the only possible alternative; I opted out. I was very hungry by the time the spaghetti squash arrived I went here tonight 9/6/2015 the waiter was awesome. Every employee was great made me feel great. But for the real reason I went. The food HORRIBLE I should have made my own. Food just was not that good. I got the spaghetti and meat sauce. My guy got the meatballs and spaghetti both dishes where nasty as hell. BUT ILL TAKE THAT BACK THE MEATBALLS WHERE GOID BUT THE REST OF THAT MESS I GAVE TO MY DOG......never again 32 dollars and some change dollars bye bye......and the only reason I went here because the wait at angry crab was tooooooooooooo long  and has a train car right in the middle of it that you can eat in which my kids love  and desert. Service was great! Our waitress was attentive and friendly. They have a full bar so I tried their mojito which was made just right. Full 3 course meal and a mojito all under $15. I highly recommend it to others and I kinda want to go back soon... Like Wow food came out quicker then we got seated. Had the #1 ""the premier"" lasagna and chicken marsala. Super good chicken marsala!! All in all we had a good time Meals are served with delicious warm bread and soft butter to compliment your dish. The pizzas are fantastic too!" The highlight of the evening came when the waiter brought the check and cough/laughed enveloping the table in a thick  and desert. Service was great! Waitress was attentive and friendly. They have a full bar so I tried their mojito which was made just right. I highly recommend it to others and I kinda want to go back soon... Like  too much sugar in the sauce. Very friendly server But honestly the food alone.. Will make you moan."  eatable but not what we were expecting at all. .Honestly reminded me of the frozen  microwaveable spaghetti!  :0 the meat was undercooked as well as the noodles. The worst part for me was sitting in the train they have in the middle of the restaurant which was 100% filthy and had old food splattered all over the walls. Just gross. The place gets two stars for having  very friendly staff..it's not their fault the food sucks.: )"  ice cream dessert included.  I absolutely love this classic old school restaurant.  Too many naysayers with negative reviews on here!  This place is a winner!  Great decor  ""thank you!""  We Love The Spaghetti Factory but this one NOT SO MUCH!  We won't be returning or recommending this joint to anyone! 10 THUMBS DOWN!!!! You get better service at any fast food restaurant!"  so I like their ravioli- I have been to better places & I've been to worse places. I guess why I gave them 3 stars is because of their parking situation & their wait time.  You literally park all the way behind the restaurant and walk all the way around- but wait  bread and ice cream that come with all the dinners. great place to grab a lunch or dinner!" "It's ok. The servers and manager like to stand around the tv a lot.  Meh. They have Donkey Kong in the waiting area  extremely hard bread and the staff seems to be at a level of incompetence to drive a customer crazy. Unfortunately the only word Chandler store seems to get right ""I'm sorry.""  This Phoenix location is in the habit of saying ""see you soon."" Great food and they know it. This probably also explains the fact that we always have to wait for service in Phoenix where Chandler is always immediate seating. Apparently Bathrooms were not in the best condition and in my opinion were not clean enough.  We arrived at 4:00 in the afternoon before the rush so I'd expect the bathrooms to be in better shape in regards to cleanliness."  appetite killer for me. Our server never came back to notice the majority of the party hardly touched their food or to ask if we needed anything. I had to go ask the very rude unaccommodating curly brown haired hostess if she could get us some crushed red peppers since I could not find my server. The best part of the meal was the free ice cream at the end which everyone ate because they were still hungry from not eating their food. It is now 740 and my daughter needs to be back at her hotel by 8 o'clock and my server is nowhere to be found so again I go to the hostess desk and stand there while she's chatting with another employee waiting patiently for her to acknowledge my presence man I haven't been in at least 10 years was driving to eat at a different restaurant down town but stop instead but now I know way I never went back I thought the hostess was the friendest person there our server never smiled didn't explain anything just really had a bad attitude she was super slow never filled drinks now for the food the salad was soup it was swimming in dressing the bread was hard on the outside but super soft couldn't cut it with a knife Marsala sauce just was bla but the pasta was cook perfect and the mule was very tasty prices are good for the amount of food you get but the quality no maybe be back in another ten years You'd be better off eating out of the dumpster in back." The service was good. They're not too busy during lunch as most seem to go for dinner. The waitress convinced all 6 of us to get the spumoni ice cream for dessert  spicy meatball awesome loved it!  My waiter was really cool too." Great food came here for lunch and they were friendly and professional.  I had the Meatballs was very hot and delicious and the bread was super hot and yummy . Would recommend this place to anyone. This was the first and last time I will every go to this place. My waitress was extremely rude and didn't know anything about the menu. I was with 2 of my 4 children and had asked for bread and was told not until you put in your entree. What sense does that make so my kids have to scream and starve because you can't get them bread wtf. Like that wasn't bad enough she drops the food and that was the last time I seen my waitress. I waited over 20 mins for her to return and she never did so i had to ask someone else for my check. But she must have had checked on the table behind us every 2 mins flurting and bull shitting. I couldn't even get my water refilled. Besides the fact that the 2 chicken parm sandwiches we ordered were burnt but no one cared. I get my check and tell the floor manger how horrible the experience was and the food that was half eaten because couldn't force another bit down due to the horrible taste. He takes my card says sorry and charges me for everything. On the way out I proceeded to inform the big manger how my experience was. His response I'm sorry next time you come back let one of us know and we will take care of it. Mind blown next time there will never be a next time and I made that clear. He obviously just didn't feel like addressing the problem. I would never recommend this location to anyone the service and food sucks. If you bring it up to management don't worry they don't care and won't do anything anyway. Don't waste your time or you money going here. The only good thing was the decor. "This place is a great little dining experience.  The Italian food was a true taste of Italy.  We were very impressed with the dcor We made a reservation at 7pm; didn't get helped until 8pm. The hostess was terrible at her job. They refused to help us and didn't serve us nor speak to us. I recommend going to McDonald's rather than EVER going to this place again The place was slow for easter. . It took them 10 minutes to seat us when the restaurant  was about 30 % filled.  The prices are reasonable.  Food was decent . I liked my garlic shrimp. However there were so small. Portions were small . . Their were homeless persons walking out side. "They offered a gluten free ""menu"" so I was happy to try it. It came out with a Heartland flag stuck in the sauce; apparently they used boxed gluten free pasta. I had asked for the meat sauce and they had spooned maybe 2oz onto the top of my plate of pasta. The ""salad"" was just a handful of iceberg mix. I could have bought all of the ingredients at the grocery store for a 1/4th of the cost and a jar of prego would have tasted better. They've been here since the 70s and I don't even know why people still come here."  we went before a show at Comerica Theatre and heard a couple of others talk about going so maybe that is the reason it was so busy. You used to be able to by-pass the wait and seat yourself in the bar if space allowed before it was like a grandma was in the kitchen cooking for all her family but now it tastes frozen and not unique.. I'm going to miss it the way it was."  but nothing terrible. I usually get angel hair with mizithra and clam sauce. The bread and butter is tasty. The minestrone soup is generally a little watery The food is delicious abs service is always great. My friends and I at work are regulars and stop in nearly each week for lunch. The mizithra cheese abs browned butter broccoli is my favorite side dish! I usually get the managers favorite with rich neat size & the mizithra cheese and browned butter pasta. Mix in some broccoli and I'm set!! The pesto ranch salad is great too. This location is my favorite! All the times I have come here I have not had any issues.. They just remodeled this place and I must say its beautiful. Would come here if I could all the time ! We have been coming here for years and sitting g in the bar.   Today the bartender said he didn't have time for us even though there was only 2 other parties there.   We went to the front and asked for the manager and the girls at the front said we had to have a reservation to sit in the bar and dint bother getting the manager.   All this happened at 445 in the afternoon.   They were not busy.   Lousy customer service.  but they are always understaffed and there's long waits even during weekday nights at 8:30PM. Pita Jungle is looking good at this point. If they say a 20 minute wait. Count on 45!" I rarely eat here and this is why.  Showed up to eat at 8pm with party of four.  They had a 35 minute wait.  They have over 13 four tops open.  Was told they had some large tables.  Went to the bar and was told they can't serve parties of 4.  Talked to the hostess and they don't care.  Well done Spaghetti Factory!  and the degree of the lack of consideration for the customer and for customer service in general. Sad and pitiful really."  had to make a U-turn on the next major street when I couldn't find parking. Hubby and I waited only 10 min on a Saturday night at 8 pm. We both got the lasagna I would visit again if the opportunity presented itself I love the lay out ok service was on the slow side don't know why long time to get drinks  as for the meal it was almost perfect except for the meatballs not a good taste to them  but to every thing else the food we had was  I recommend them and plan on trying them one more time before I put a X though them  so I give them a 3.8 star  I know it's Italian food and they do have GF options but they don't have any good choices for seafood based Italian.  For instance  but good enough to wear I didn't feel like it was a waste of money. I really enjoyed this place and it was great for a quick make shift date for my boyfriend and I!"  an old house filled with unique antiques. It makes for interesting conversation pieces. The food is good. I usually get the ""Managers Special"" which is pasta with your choice of 2 sauces. I always get half clam sauce and half mizithra cheese with brown butter. Yum! All of their dinners include fresh baked bread  everything.. I would go back and see if having less people makes a a better experience..." "Manicotti (yum) and spaghetti with mizithra cheese. Heaven. Just like when I tried it for the first time in Louisville  but that would have been tolerable if the food was decent. It wasn't. This was probably the single worst place we've eaten. The pasta was undercooked and tasted like Elmer's glue I will say the that the place could use a little cleaning up. I had to switch out my chair because it was stained and dirty. Eww. Other than than that  no cheese.   Food had no flavor. The best part if dinner was the sherbert.    Waiter was not freindly at all We will return in the future."  it just makes you question what else they don't clean right. Never again will I come to the spaghetti factory I would rather go else where or make my own if I am in need of some Italian food." Not really impressed with this place. The bathrooms were dirty. No toilet paper. The food was flavorless tasted liked the generic lasagna that you buy at Walmart. Stay away from the water taste a bit funny. "Recently went here again after so many years and honestly this restaurant is so wonderful. It's like a hidden gem. The food is excellent! The service was phenomenal! Wish I could have dinner in the trolley!! I just think this is so unique! When I was waiting for my date in the lobby I was sitting in this chair that made me feel like a queen Slow service to seat and then to serve. Left waiting and the food was below avg at best... decor was best thing about it.... I will go back because I love the food so much and you get a lot to eat  even though the place wasn't busy.  So I think there may have been a staffing problem the day I went.  Maybe I'll try it again some day and see if the service gets better." Good pizza ... I've only had delivery from them (a couple of times) ... the pizza was fine ... timely delivery ... I'd like to go back and see the menu and order something that strikes my fancy!"  and the odd assortment of individuals in the bar area providing entertainment give this restaurant a weird charm...but it won't be my first choice of places to eat."  and we're curious about trying out the restaurant sometime soon.  More to follow..."  this was exactly the type of experience we expected and went looking for.  I honestly have a feeling we'll all be back." I used to eat at Raimondo's and was so disappointed when they 'closed'. The good news is they didn't close. My girlfriend just found that out the other day which meant we had to go there that very evening. They have reopened in the Days Inn on Camelback. The atmosphere is a little more modern than it was and the food is still the great quality it has always been. I love this place.  but holy cannolis' their food is good!!  I have also purchased their food MANY times at the Phoenix Farmer's market.  I super highly recommend their salad with Italian dressing and Vegetable Lasagna with either the eggplant or zucchini.  This is no ordinary veggie lasagna!  I repeat: this is no ordinary veggie lasagna!  The veggies are sliced almost un-explainablly thin and taste as though they have been breaded even though they have not.  It's pure I have followed Rai for over 25 years from his place at 16th St. & Bethany to his brand new home inside the Days Inn at 502 W. Camelback.  I have been a Raimondo's pizza addict since I first started patronizing his restaurant.  The pizza me and my friend had last Friday was the VERY BEST we have ever had!  It was done to perfection.  He has long-time loyal employees - the bartender has been with him since I can remember.  It's a neighborhood place where you can feel at home and everyone knows your name.   Parking at the new location is ample.  The menu hasn't changed and the new atmosphere is a bit more upscale. oh...i have searched far and wide across the US to find bread makers that equal the quality made in Europe.  I have found it here.  Baguettes better than any others i have had in PHX." Bar seems pretty cool for the ""right"" crowd."  or happen to be in Phoenix  professional service and great eats at reasonable prices overcome the physical space.  A definite be-back!" We feel obliged to warn people about this terrible place.  Do yourselves a favor P.S. Beware of 1-star no-face/no-friends reviews.  ;)" "So this is such an undercover type place it's where you go to hide and eat pretty darn good Italian food at a cheap ass price. My husband loves this no frills spot that has moved to the hotel from 7th ave a few years back. Where else are u going to get Veal parm for under $15? this is the spit for true Italian food at a cheap price. Definitely worth checking out. Had some split pea soup last night and it was very good. They have wings  as of this spring.  The replacement restaurant is not worth a visit (unless you are sleeping upstairs My nana from Abruzzo would be proud! Easily the best Italian food in the valley. Nothing is remotely close "Weak.  This place is a far cry from the Mill Ave. location in Tempe.  Gone now.  Long Wong's quality is lost on this place.  I had pizza and wings and my slice was literally microwaved to heat it up after I ordered.  Bad  this is the place to go.  I only wish they had some sort of hot-teriyaki sauce.  Oh well "A far cry from the South Scottsdale location. The wings I ordered were ice cold! when I brought them back to the counter This is by far the best place for wings!  If only they'd kick out annoying high school brats and the old creepers that gets too friendly...  XD!" The second best Long Wongs I would have to give props to is the one on Indian School Rd - we found this other gem while the original Long Wongs was still remodeling (and they had given a list of other locations)."  behold my friends they serve burgers and fries too - whoa! (Joey Lawrence)  I must say this local chain is pretty cool.  This particular location showcases a lot of pictures of local patrons on their walls.  It's a little pooper kinda place "Long Wongs. How do I Love your Chicken Wings. Well these are pretty near heaven. The price seals the deal. Really don't need to say much else. Oh their Cupcakes rock and the Cheese sticks too. They sell other things too but why? Not so keen on the $5 12"" pizza though. Ugh."  I don't care. All I know is that I have NEVER in my life been so appalled at the horrible level of customer service at this location and I'll never go back. I called in my order one night and was told it would be 15 minutes. When I got there (20 minutes later) my order wasn't ready. I waited an extra 15 minutes before asking how long it would be. When the cashier turned around to find our how much longer  take them here and watch each other stuff your faces with wing-goodness.  Yum" Really good prices but I would stray from the wings. It is very greasy so beware! I always used to love the wings from here but in the past two years they have gone downhill...Customer service blows and the wings hardly have any meat on them.  Try another location they are all not the same.. Marcias Long Wongs in S. Phx is much better  or meat. I see a lot of people ordering hamburgers at this place that is known for their wings. I have not tried a burger yet but they are popular so they must be half way decent. This place would get 5 stars if they had beer and if the place was bigger. When they are crowded during lunch you can be left eating out in the heat on their picnic tables. If you love wings and have not been to Long Wong's you are missing some tasty bird." when you walk in its old school which is cool and the outside is cool but the food was medioca just a bit i would not give the a second shot now a different location maybe... I think the only reason this place is somewhat busy at times is because there really isn't any other place in the immediate area. I also think people go there because it USED to be good."  probably due to the gallon of wet sauce they were covered in. The zucchini was burnt. I was skeptical pulling into the parking lot because it looked like a carnival. Let me just say it looked the same way inside. The dining room was covered in carnival toys and looked like they haven't dusted in years. They had hand made menus all over the place. We also had a homeless visitor come in to our table and ask for money so he could eat. One word for this place YUK!"  you can enjoy the atmosphere. Otherwise Good cheap food.  I like it."  just covered in salt (shake then it off and they will be fine.) The decor will keep you entertained and avoid awkward silences."  I still think this place has some of the best wings I've ever had.  I will drive across the city 21 miles for their wings."  but the burgers that we ordered were amazing! Also the wings were drenched in sauce and tasted really good as well. It was a fun place to eat at  great prices but it irritates the hell out of me that they always call the numbers out in Spanish.  I have to keep looking at the food being brought out to see if I recognize what I ordered.  That's just rude." Interesting decor.  Fun little hole in the wall for greasy yummy burgers and fries! I am willing to bet you that others will agree here.  You may have saved a little on the ingredients that you just cheaped out on It appeared there was only one restroom for everyone and we chose not to go there to wash our hands of all the wing grease and sauce."  greasy cheeseburger and decent wings. I was most impressed with the quality of the bun on the burger. Very tasty like a brioche. Also Everything is really affordable and the eclectic decor is fun to look at while you're getting messy with some wings." It is a mixed bag here.  Great sauces (But maybe drowning a bit) fun atmosphere for families or take-out.  No alcohol at this locale.  Wings were good but not great. The western bacon burger was decent. Bread was good."  and they had a good burn to them. Definitely worth the price if you don't feel like cooking and want to go out and get some cheap spicy wings." "Basic hole in the wall greasy fried food.  Really good prices.  Can be a bit slow and can get pretty crowded.  I have only tried their wings and some of their fried items Wings were old and dry and gross. Burger was burnt to a crispy and loaded with beyond old lettuce.They forgot the zucchini and mushrooms but im sure they would have been equally gross like everything else. This place is disgusting. If you wouldn't eat this food yourself then don't serve it to your customers. Definitely would come back if I'm near long Wongs." "I drive by this place every day so my roommate and I decided to finally give the place a shot. Needless to say the best thing about this place is the name (and I guess prices--but remember you get what you pay for!). The wings made me sick Verdict....If you're in the mood for some delicious wings at a reasonable price getting some food I wish it was a lot bigger though feel a little crowded. But the wings were delicious the French fries are awesome and the service was fast BT2Vls7h6sWrCKa5gGXbKg I'm definitely going to have to keep this place in mind the next time a wing craving hits ... and maybe ask for them extra crispy." Cons: service quality is random and I feel like I am eating at a junk yeard." If you haven't had Long Wongs wings then you really should try them.  In my humble opinion they beat all the other wing places For a festive evening where I get to cover my face in bbq sauce without judgement "five stars for a joint like this? yeah. you have to know what you are getting into I do recommend you grabbing a few friends to check the place out. It's a neat restaurant and the food won't disappoint you. Just don't go in with too high of expectations." I'll go back once I need another fix. Perhaps ill try one of there other sauces? One suggestion I would make to the Long Wong familia is maybe offer grilled hot wings to char up some of that sauce. Till then ill be alright with my normal crack. Maybe I'll get really wild  the decor is hideous in the best kinds of ways. It has a creepy charm to it  this place is a must. By food I mean hot wings. The wings here are excellent. The fries were average but the quality of the wings make up for any drawbacks. I wish Long Wongs expanded to LA. On second thought maybe not because I would be in trouble. If your looking for your hot wing fix in Phoenix  so let me put it like this. If you're the type of person that needs their food cooked a specific way or expects it a certain way instead of just try it and judging it how it is Just had wings from there since people really seemed to recommend them. I gotta say they certainly met those expectations. They where so jucy and delicious I had to take some home!! The only thing I would change is the dining area. Seems really small and awkward but love the decor. I will continue to buy and recommend this place to all my friends and family. The wings here are amazing. Other menu items like onion rings or fried mushrooms... not so amazing. This place has character. You feel like you need a tetanus shot after you leave. The staff are friendly and most likely prison parolees. Get your order to go and you'll be happy. There be strange people that frequent this place. they came out on a Styrofoam 5-part throw away plate. The entire bottom was covered in oil and grease. The wings were fried past the point of being able to salvage any meat off of them. I couldn't even taste the sauce.. All I could taste was grease. I could only stomach eating 4 out of the 12. I ate two wings and two legs hoping i had a few bad ones... But I could clearly see by looking at them the whole order was uneatable. I thought about complaining  extra sauce all over only pallets . The best. Highly recommend if  you like spicy food." You dont come to long wongs because your new years resolution is to lose weight. You come here for cheap greasy down home unapologetic assault to your arteries food. 2PopvmNZIJPHNqamhDVudw  this is the place to go! I tried the garlic parmesan wings Amazing. This is my new favorite flavor. My son got the Bbq very good  very filling. My little picky eater loves the pizza." "Been going to the 28st location for 25 years and have never had s bad meal. They gave THE BEST patty melt in town served New York style .... Awesome! Also Love the food especially the wings they were crispy not dried out i will be back again Been goin here for years an the only thing I can say is yummy yummy yum the menu is huge they got what you have a taste for ! Trust me this is noble plan wing spot. Very colorful and has a lot of history and cool item inside! Definitely a place to recommend!  fun atmosphere. Almost always see some good friends here too!" It would have been a 1 stars if it wasn't for the owner(?) who was kind enough to actually check to see if something they served had the item I was allergic to. The Rueben was 'ok' at best and they somehow assumed I would not be staying at the restaurant since I came to eat by myself (since when does being single mean you HAVE to eat at home alone?!?!?!) Might be a cultural thing but seriously...  fries with cheese.....all DELICIOUS !  The variety and customer service is outstanding.  Everything I have had there is like heaven when it touches my lips.  One of my favorite places to eat in the valley."  I'm a fan and Long Wong's remains on my go-to list of unhealthy treats."  nothing amazing in my opinion but absolutely satisfying! Cashier was friendly and had neat old timer games in the back. Also "The place is a pit and it always has been a pit. Poor service rounds it off to a nice one star. After years of hesitating to go back to this place that I remembered was so bad  Buen lugar SUPER local! Muy original la decoracin y la.comida buena si piden alitas lemon pepper pidan doble seasoning para que sepa realmente la atencin increble y la gente SUPER cercana "I don't get what the hype is about.  Their wings weren't good at all.  Their burger combos are very inexpensive Long wongs never fails! Whenever I'm hungry I like to stop by this locally owned place for the wings and burgers they are very good!!! Will always continue to come here! They never disappoint ! Love the simplicity of the place and the trinkets all over the walls After many many years of driving by this building I finally came in. Not underwhelmed because my expectations were in the right place. If yours are Decided to stop in and check out this wild building. It's awesome and odd and the food tastes great. We will be back for sure.  delicious and consistent. It's a guilty pleasure for sure. This place needs to be ranked higher it's the best Long Wongs to share the name in the Valley."  go else where. This is a legit pizza and wings joint with excellent food."  Friday's are the day to drop in as the owner's wife personally prepares brownies and rice krispie treats that are given out with meals for free." Don't take a date there. Don't expect comfy seating and a cozy atmosphere. You may wait a long time in line. You may wait a long time for your food. You may ingest 2300 calories in a single sitting. Your circulatory system may temporarily shut down upon completion of your meal.  If any of these things are a concern for you Tk2dSL0TwQeI_zNJmb442A I'll be back when I need a fix and don't mind eating an entire day's worth of calories in one sitting." I should run a marathon and head over there now."  Italian beef and Italian sausage.  When ever I'm in the neighborhood I stop in for my Chicago ""fix""." I haven't had anything else there."  whatever you want to call it - Luke's will definitely help you out."  fast place to grab some food without lowering yourself to crappier fast foods. The food makes me feel so full and bloated All this and their prices have been skyrocketing!  Save your money and your health and go somewhere else."  Chicago Gyros does a much better job." A coworker took me here and I can't get enough. Whenever I am in the vicinity I make my way over for the Italian beef with sweet and hot peppers. This italian beef is juicy on a big soaking piece of Italian bread...mmmmmm. You can also buy it by the pound for party events. I would definitely eat here again for a good beef sandwich with Mozzarella."  no one told me Luke's does Chicago Style hot dogs. I went there a couple of months ago to try the dripping beef sandwiches that everyone is raving about. Ok  still really good. and i have this cool story to remember about the first time I've had Luke's. haha. I've been into the restaurant more then a hand full of occasions for normal encounters with Luke's..awesome Chicago dog." i live right down the street from this place and always like to splurge when i'm feeling in the mood for some good greasy grubby food. the guy that runs the place is always extremely friendly and i have never had a bad sandwhich here..."  a can of Coke and that is $10 and you are happy all day." Service was spot on. Friendly and fast. I'll visit again  but it's places like this where stuff of legend comes from.  Amazing sandwiches.  Have always encountered friendly staff with quick service."  I got the double hot dog.  It was around $5.50 and came with fries-great I thought...until I tasted it.  One of the hot dogs tasted funny- I  looked and it was still very red inside-they had not cooked it enough and it was raw....ew!" I'll start off by saying I'm not too familiar with Chicago cuisine other than a deep dish pizza so I didn't exactly know what to expect when walking into this authenticate shop off 16th st and Indian School. The guys here were saying pop instead of soda so I guess I can call it authentic... I ordered the Italian beef with cheese and onion rings. The Italian beef had very very little cheese but had a kick to it. It was juicy so it was hard to eat. The onion rings were fresh and crispy. My friend got the cheese fries which were better than what I ordered and I'm not even a nacho cheese fan. I'll try it again but next time I'm grabbing a bratwurst with fries. They have a pizza puff that sounds interesting as well. Give it a shot. I am still searching for the ultimate Italian Beef sandwich.  Can anyone help (er SGmFDTWDo-IZ95hxMJZseg  since it was the closest place to the original Chicago Beef.  I have to start looking for a new place. Sorry guys.  You had the BEST what happened??" I love this place.Their italian beef with hot peppers is a must. I have also tried their sausage and pep sandwich which is just as good.Their prices are as good as you can get. So if you're hungry stop in & get full!! I'm glad they've started offering a smaller version of the beef sandwich - now I CAN order Pizza puffs to go with a small beef. The net result is a small bit of heaven shines down into my me. Ahh  quick service and great food combined with Bears and Cubs stuff everywhere. How can you beat this. This is the best comfort food Phoenix has to offer. Go here "I discovered Lukes on Stone and Ft. Lowell while I was at U of A in Tucson. It was a pleasant surprise when I learned that there are Lukes in Phoenix too! For those who are from the land of the hot dog  but was defeated halfway. I put the half in the fridge for lunch the next day and it still was amazing! Small menu but it is definitely worth it! ps... fries are really good too! om nom nom nom" A cozy place with red brick walls and a picture of downtown Chicago on the wall. Food is greasy and absolutely delicious!  it's a lot of money for greasy fast food.  But if you're looking for an authentic Chicago hot dog or Italian Beef in Phoenix So if you want a good fattening meal check it out. If you want to eat healthy Chicago style is exactly what I expected. Wish id tried the italian beef in hopes it would exceed expectations I'm going to take a Sabbatical from Lukes to check out more interesting places." "Grew up in Chicagoland and Luke's takes me back!  Bread is the secret and they have it right They have homemade giardiniera hot peppers and quality beef. I normally get the Italian Beef sandwich with the giardiniera hot peppers. You can also buy a jar of the hot peppers for a reasonable price. If you're looking for a quick Bonus points awarded for Luke's carrying the ubiquitous and something I always found strange to sell (although all cheesy beef joints in Chicago sell them) the pizza puff and the tamale's."  and ask for any peppers on the side. That should help keep your sandwich intact."  but its the closest to Chicago you can get in Phoenix.  The Scottsdale location makes the Italian Beef the same way  but I'm gonna have to limit my visits as this ain't exactly healthy eats...however I was thoroughly disappointed...had to ask for extra relish and mustard since there wasn't much on the hot dog...the chili cheese fries were just ok and I swear they male them differently at the one in chandler...."  it was a bit much for fast food. I recommend trying it but I definitely won't see myself becoming a regular."  go to Tom's BBQ or Lobby's on Southern and McClintock...This place doesn't live up to the hype!  Don't waste your time! People who love it must not be from Chicago..."  and the true test to whether this is an authentic Chi Hot dog....CELERY SALT!! The cheese fries are like a local hot dog joint in Chicago called U-DAWG-U...SO GOOD!!!  Can't wait to go back and I am sorry for the negativity the first time around! :o)" Tk2dSL0TwQeI_zNJmb442A  ate here yesterday to get my regular hot dog but the bun was a little different.  It was hard on the edge but it still ended up pretty good everywhere else.  This place has been cleaned up pretty well over the years.  I even noticed the health inspections have finally gotten better.  I would be lying if I didn't tell you that this is my favorite hot dog in town and occasionally crave it.  The area is scary so you may want to exercise your second amendment right when you come here.  Also parking blows since there is always more people that want to go here at lunch than spots to park.  It is a very casual place that you order at the counter and seat yourself.  This place used to be a fried chicken fast food place I think about 20 years ago when I was a kid." ps-qS75uNFcpwymc-Mz-NQ  we were not impressed.  We arrived about 20 minutes after they opened and we did not even see an employee for 10 minutes. He was running a 1 man show and cooking up the order that was ahead of us. He finally took our order with no apology for the wait but let me tell you The sandwiches might seem a little pricey compared to other places  small drink - come on! It also would help their cause if they had drive-thru service."  went with a coworker.  I had the Italian beef and sausage sandwich and it was delicious.  The beef was more shaved/shredded than sliced which I personally liked  got home and they wern't there. Size seems to have shrunk since previous visits also." I can't wait to go back.... and back... and back." I am sure my craving will return at some point - and because LOC is the closest thing in the area I would not trust this company for its catering service or buy their Italian beef by the pound for these very reasons."  but overall it is incredible. If you are a fan of Chicago style Italian sandwiches then stop by Luke's. Try the tamale if you're feeling ironic or just go with the beef and sausage combo with sweet peppers if you want a juicy kick in the mouth." Needless to say I'm still looking for the ""great one"" here in the Phoenix area..." AND I ASKED FOR IT DIPPED! THEY DIDN'T!" Best Chicago style hot dogs and Italian Beef in the Valley.  Cheese fries!!! Service can be hit or miss but never terrible.  The food is as good as it gets when it comes to greasy fare!! JR size italian beef is more than enough for me Decent price close enough to work but there is another spot on the Arcadia side that is closer to home better service better hot peppers and even better price so now im going to change my rating to three stars." So I went to Johnnie's instead and had the BEST Chicago style hot dog and it was cheaper too!" "When I think of hot dogs I think of Luke's of Old Chicago's. Their hot dogs are the real deal piled high with an array of condiments and fries all wrapped up in wax paper to go to get that Old Chicago feeling. My wife and I have been there many times over the years and never had bad service  I found it a little pricey and the staff was either spacey or just didn't care (I didn't get a can of soda I paid for). The food is excellent though. I started getting the food to go "just ate dinner here tonight....WoW...Still the best! Italian Beef was Awesome! Chili Cheese fries were BomB! food was hot "If you don't like grease than don't come here.  The food is so greasy I can see how it can turn some people off but it is oh so good.  The fries are crispy and the Italian Beef and Italian sausage sandwiches are great.  If I have a complaint it that there is not enough giardena put on when you order it Tk2dSL0TwQeI_zNJmb442A "Beef was very good!  Not a huge fan of their giardiniera... but it was still tasty.  I needed to go somewhere where I could see a Walter Payton jersey and some pictures of Michigan Avenue and this did the trick!  Since I don't live close to a Portillo's  I eat them all the time! I'm just saying that I've had other Vienna Beef hot dogs that tasted a bit better. Maybe they're boiled instead of grilled? Overall though  but they were cooked right. The RC in the fountain was something different  but never made it back. I went for the Italian beef and sausage combo sandwich with provolone and sweet peppers.  It set me back just over $9.00. A tad pricey When i get that back home craving for some artery clogging italian beef and wonderfully greasy fries. Lukes is the go to place. and a reminder that if i lived in chicago i would probably weigh about 400lbs." Had a really good beef and sausage combo dipped in aujus (gravy).  Make sure you ask for extra gravy.  I will be back! Tk2dSL0TwQeI_zNJmb442A  I had to dock them for not providing an all around amazing experience.  BUT still... my friend and I are returning this week.... for round 2.  Trust me... That thick giant beefy sandwich is worth it... and my friend likes the polish sausage too.  TWSS." Makes me wanna go home." This is no Al's beef (unfortunately the one in Scottsdale closed). Luke's Italian beef is dry and lackluster in flavor. Literally no hint of giradinera. Very disappointed.  Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain Tk2dSL0TwQeI_zNJmb442A  then that clinches the deal there. (I'm an ex [or ""exiled""] Californian  moist and flavorful. Will be on my regular rotation of lunch spots."  I was referred to them by my girlfriend's parents who swear by this place. I have had their Italian hot beef  it may be  best sandwich in all if Arizona..and I have tried many. Get it ""wet""with cheese peppers and extra gravy..the only place you might find a better one is in chi-town itself...You NEED to bring one to Arrowhead area!!!! Please!!!!"  and the giardiniera was so oily it was ridiculous.  The bathroom looked like it hadn't been cleaned in weeks.  The toilet had a fresh floater staring back.  I will definitely never be back.  Easy to see now why the other two locations have closed.  I'll spend my 12 bucks where I'm appreciated." Went to Luke's first time today. Had their special Italian beef $7.85. When you add the toppings at $1 a piece like peppers and cheese and onion it can be quite pricey. They really should be included don't think I'll be going back.  but the service leaves a bad taste in my mouth - pun intended. Still we come back every other week and search frantically for a quality Italian beef elsewhere."  I can't wait to dig into my Italian Beef.  Oh boy!  It was dry and the beef tasted like it had been re-cooked.  People Time for Luke to thrown in the towel or make some big changes.  Start by firing the rude #%ck at the counter." "My daughter a friend and I happened to be going by Luke's today and had heard it was good. The person that waited on us was crabby and didn't have a smile on his face. I had the Chicago dog "I had the jr beef and fries. The food was good but the price is kind of high. They charge for every topping (sweet pepper "Who doesn't like Vienna beef? Vienna beef is pretty much the only kind of hot dogs I will eat because they are so tasty. I came here and had a chicago dog and it was good....but really From Chicago and of course my favorite sandwich is an Italian beef. This place is better than Portillos and can stand up proud to Al's. Fun Chicago memorabilia. Little pricey for beefs and fries.  Luke is my go-to guy! So happy I can satiate the craving right around the corner from home!" You guys can find a better place and cheaper. Too overpriced" Great Chicago hot dogs and beef!  Totally miss the Chandler location and don't get to Phoenix as often as I'd like.  I've had many things on the menu over the years.  Definitely worth a stop when you're in the neighborhood.  It  got my stomach growling. I googled and found Lukes. I had the sausage and roast beef sandwich loaded with their gardenia toppings. They do not skimp on meat and the roll they use is so good. It was one of the best sandwiches ever! I have gone several more times before I hit a Football game at ASU. Very small parking lot Tk2dSL0TwQeI_zNJmb442A I eat out for lunch everyday all around Phoenix and the west and east valleys. Price was very high. Junior beef with cheese(small)$5.60 + .70(cheese)=$6.30 "Great italian beef although their arent as many peppers as i would like so be sure to ask for extra. However I had high hopes coming in but ended up disappointed.  Soggy bread and generic fries is really what I walked away with but the meat was pretty good.  Not $14.00 for the meal good but pretty good nonetheless.  and greasy goodness.  All the locations are older  not great. The bread was probably the best part and there was more than plenty of it to eat. The peppers and beef were fairly flavorless in my opinion. I wasn't disappointed but I won't be hurrying back either." The nail in the coffin was when my buddy said good bye on the way out and he just looked at us.  Unbelievable that you treat your patrons like that!  I'd rather give my business to someone else." I was excited to try this place since I often drive by. I was very disappointed. The beer battered zucchini rings were over salted. The meatball sub was over priced ($9) and lackluster. It was unsatisfying and lacked flavor. The Italian beef sandwich had good beef but was very dry. I will not return.  get the Chicago grown Green River soda. Only place out here I've ever seen it."  hot dogs and finally china mist tea.  the owner and staff are great." This restaurant is excellent if you like Italian beef order that and have them put some mozzarella cheese on it and have them double dip it it is messy but fantastic everything is good there Great food a bit on the pricey side but well worth it! Remember restroom code is 1911 lol! Great array of Chicago memorabilia and a TV to watch the news. Great picture of the Chicago skyline I miss and enjoyed. I can't believe I found this Luke's here! Finally real Chicago dogs and atmosphere. You already know what to expect with a hot dog but the celery salt and fixings make it that much better! Great place! Highly recommended I had their Italian beef sandwich.  It had a nice kick to it.  Fries were excellent. They had green river soda!! ate there awhile back and will not be back. food was terrible and way overpriced. they used to have the best food around. no more. and the owner is a real jerk. very rude and uncaring. no wonder the scottsdale and chanler stores closed. this one is next. mark my words. the food is exact opposite of chicago food. what happened? Very good beefs!!! Hot dogs are good too but wasn't a big fan of the chilli dogs. Awesome fries very good place definitely coming back!!  it happens.  The overall experience has kept me from going back. Other friends have told me they don't like their Italian Beef The big guy over there is the best! Great beef sandwich. So much better than portillos. To the people that don't understand the Chicago attitude lighten up a little bit Probably a prime example of a guilty pleasure! Some of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted! Really quality sandwiches at this small corner gem! Crazy pepper choices!   another gentleman took our order and seemed more personable.  I will not be coming back  and never disappointed.The beef sandwich and fries are very good and quick "I went in with a group of people and we shared everything. Italian beefs Love hole in the walls with good food?  This is a place to try. Had the combo (sausage and Beef). And a Vernors Can. Bread was perfect. Crusty and still held up to the Au Jus.  Will try just the beef next time I'm around hat side of town. "Never disappointed when we eat here!  Had the sausage The beef and sausage here is great! The staff always seems to have a stick up their ass... Buy working without A/C all day will do that.  but everything I have eaten is been really good." I hate to even give this place a star but I have no choice. We walked in and we were not greeted. There were two men in their 50's behind the counter looking at their iPad and talking about some girl (of course you can hear the whole conversation because they were ignoring us). We ordered two kids chicken tender meals for $8.80 each and they didn't come with a drink when he said they did. I asked for bbq sauce for the tenders and the only thing they had was ranch. I'm from Chicago and this place is a joke and shouldn't display a city that has some of the best food around. Very insulting . Great food and they are happy to serve you! Or Spinatos  on Bell." Definitely go there if you have a desire for Italian Beef Sandwiches when first entering into the AZ area." The polish and hotdogs are fab.  The fries are done the way I remember them from Chicago.  this restaurant is a must stop over!  The Italian beef combo is great and it's consistent every time!  I always get a bottle of their pepper mix so I can taste authentic Chicago through out the year!  They are always busy  hot tamale and chili cheese fries.  The beef sandwich was dripping in au jus and was really good.  It was my first time eating a hot tamale...meh.  Chili cheese fries...how can you screw those up right?  So yes this is a good spot.  Would definitely return if I lived in Phoenix.  The two guys behind the counter were a little less than friendly  the giardinara was sliced up jalapeos and onions with oil thrown on them I almost puked. Their fries are frozen store bought. If you want a decent beef you're better off going to Portillos. What a waste of time and money.  Whoever taught the 400 pound fit in the back how to make beefs needs to be shot. Totally disappointed! !!!"  and it's a good thing I don't live close by Luke's because it would considerably shorten my lifespan."  with provolone.  sublime.  Their french frys?  These guys really know how to treat a crinkle-cut fry.  Hot Service: Some reviewers have mentioned rude service but I did not experience that on my visit. Besides its a Chicago Fast Food joint  Luke's will get my money on occasion. It will remain that way."  It's a delicious ""wet"" fully loaded Italian Beef. My only ""beef"" is the price of $7.50 or $5.50 (jr. size)  I had to try one. Waited in line (lunch rush) and was quickly helped and given my food. I've had Italian beef sandwiches in Chicago and several that claimed to be ""real Chicago"". This one was decent  a suggestion: PLEASE include at least one diet soda in your machine? Pretty please? kthxbai" This is the place to go if you want an authentic Chicago dog! And the fries.... OMG! Everything tastes really fresh. Service is not amazing but it's not terrible either.  with indifferent but fast service. Prices for toppings were high. The restroom was locked and the TV was tuned to the offensive Fox News channel. I go occasionally because the food is quite good Uhhhhh not great and not terrible... It's just I've had much better combo sandwiches at Half Moon Windy City and Portillos. Chicago style toppings were right but felt like a cold smoked sausage not polish. Rather have had portillos. Kept wanting to drive back and let them know. True Chicago Luke's gets their food shipped from Chicago and has a local bread company make his rolls they way they should be you want to taste Chicago in the desert go to Luke's of Chicago get a beef and some onion rings we drive and hour to go here!!!  that's the owner. the first time we went we cut him off for a parking spot outside. PARTY FOUL. it's BYOB "In a town seriously lacking in good Italian food this place is as close as it is going to get.  The food is decent VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA  flip flops and a tshirt... eating 4 star italian food. It's really awesome. I've ended a relationship here "I was sworn to secrecy when we first came here with friends several years ago.  I think it's some of the best Italian in town.  It isn't fancy (a plus  drizzled in evoo and balsamic... Yum.. Had to try the tiramisu disappointed by the small portion but little miss piggy had eaten enough so it was probably a good thing. If you don't like this place go to Olive Garden "One of my favorite nice casual restaurants.   This is the type of Italian food you'd get in great little out-of-the way Tuscan hill town restaurants that serve the locals (not the tourist traps).  It's always a relaxed friendly atmosphere and the food is always awesome.  As several reviewers have mentioned VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA The service is friendly though and it's always good to get out with Melissa!!" If only I wouldn't have eaten so much popcorn in the hour before going to Giuseppe's (I usually go there when I am planning on going to the Sprouts in the same center.  I can walk off a few calories after I'm done with dinner!)" P.S.  To all my winos out there-- corking fee of 4 bucks!" I definitely want to go back.  I suggest it every now and then but for some reason we haven't revisited.  That is going to have to change." VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA  the service was good and I like the small store front location. The red and white table cloths go a long way. It is BYOB so bring your own wine and enjoy." _Your hopes let down =) Enjoy!" How do you say ""Sellout"" in Italian?"  but I just don't get it. NO other Italian restaurants in the valley use fresh pasta  we had a great experience and would definitely return!"  open an actual restaurant.  Then maybe they can serve some liquor instead of just having pictures of wine bottles everywhere and empty vodka bottles holding flowers.  (Its BYOB  I think that iGiuseppe's is both fair and filling.  We always leave there filled. (Eat more bread or try the pear salad if you are really hungry) As for the price  the food was fresh and absolutely delicious -- a welcome relief from all of the ""franchise"" food we've experienced since moving here about a month ago. We LOVE good quality  mom and pop restaurants It was $32 for two pasta dishes and bread. I am so angry right now that I didn't go with my gut feeling and just go to Mamma Mia's. Mamma Mia is similar in price but offers twice the portion and you get the bread for free like a normal Italian Diner. I think this might be the angriest I have ever been after eating dinner out."  the portion of fettucini  alfredo was small  enough that a 9 year old inhaled it in minutes.  Ordered sides of meatballs.  $2 for each meatball the size of a golf balls.  We couldn't believe it.  We also couldn't believe that you have to pay for bread in an italian restaurant! The chocolate cake was divine. There is no question that the food is of a good quality--nothing even close to NY but for Scottsdale it is fine.  Giuseppe's should reconsider the price of those meatballs and making people pay for bread--a staple of any Italian meal. ." Tiramisu was decent but not spectacular."  Drive-ins and Dives I suggested we take our friend here for her birthday because she LOVES Italian food. The restaurant was empty when we arrived and I was surprised how small the restaurant is. The guy behind the counter told us to take a seat so we did. We sat there for about 10 minutes and nothing. Do we order at the counter? My sister told me to ask but the guys behind the counter didn't even understand me when I asked if they had a restroom. Finally someone came over and asked what we wanted to drink and placed our order. We started out with the bruschetta  everyone liked it. It was not the best I have ever eaten but still very good. The portions were not large but enough I didn't leave hungry either. Service was reasonable but not great. Considering this is a fairly small place and it was extremely busy I cannot complain. Overall it was a good experiance and we left happy."  the pretty good food couldn't save me from an overall ""meh"" dining experience."  Guy was right about Matts Big Breakfast in downtown Phoenix You know how you have your ""go-to"" restaurants in your neighborhood?  They're the defaults when you want a decent  please do yourselves a favor and try the location in Scottsdale (13610 N Scottsdale Rd). The difference is stark."  good but not worth a long wait!"  if you live or work in the neighborhood.  Just not quite good enough to merit the trek by itself." It's gross.  Don't waste your money please!  Hope this helps you! This is a good lunch place...only been there twice and ordered a meatball sub both times but it was really good and too big for me to finish.  I'll definitely be back for that. "I had takeout from this place today and can't say that I would ever go back.  You can chose which ever type of sauce to put on your pasta  so you'd think they could make some authentic dishes. Not impressed." We finished the meal with tiramisu. After one taste I laughed out loud at anyone that would give this place a negative review. That would be the definition of a shill. Giuseppe's on 28th is not the fanciest Disappointed.  Won't be a repeat client." It's totally worth a visit if you haven't been yet!" I love the meatball subs. The Lasagna is good. Place is small but great food. Will definitely not return. A disappointing experience that needs attention and correction."  can't wait to dine there again!!!!!!!!!!!"  please provide me with something other than a paper napkin and a plastic cup."  the Guiseppe's on Scottsdale Rd did have better meat ball sandwiches."  I went there with a friend on a Sunday evening and found the food to be mediocre and overpriced. The waiter also tried desperately to get us to purchase wine and sides. I finally relented to an order of garlic bread  and the boss was helping some VERY nasty people at a table near us and trying to be accommodating as best as he could. I never am one to complain about decore or seating We wont be going back here. Much better food elsewhere."  and unusual surprises like sepia pasta.  the food is decent and sure is good enough for me.  dont ramble on about a more authentic italian place in pheonix unless they cure their own capocolla in the cellar.  thank you.  end of story.  see ya." VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA  I hadn't been to Giuseppe's in at least two years. I definitely won't wait that long before my next visit!"  which made for a nice meaty flavor... could have used more garlic but was nonetheless delicious.  We were too full to try any desserts but the tiramisu looked great and I will definitely be back to try that.  The owner made it a point to come over and have a conversation with us.  He is from NY and takes pride in the food they make.  Some other reviews have commented that the food network sign they have in front is a little much... perhaps VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA Many other places in the Phoenix area have been featured on Food Network show's as well "I had a hard time finding this restaurant to review it because at first I thought it was called As Seen on Food Network....but I found it so on with the review. My wife first introduced me to this place by bringing it home one night for dinner. It was horrible; but I chalked this up to what I ordered (a dish that was a cross between Mexican and Italian food) and the fact that it was cold from the drive home. So when we were in the area we decided to go in and sit down for a meal and enjoy the atmosphere. Well enjoy I did...nothing says a nice night out to dinner like tables covered with paper and plastic cups for you can drink (don't adjust your screen; this is not a review for Peter Piper Pizza). But hey  but for the amount of money that we paid. We could have had a better dinner at Oregano's. Sad A bit crowded but the food saved the day."  pork special and a bottle of Pino Grigio.  Servers were nice but the food was just average.  The typical pasta dishes were reasonably priced but the specials seemed spendy and our bottle of wine was $32.  Not sure I'd go again." Would I go on my own?  NO" "Nice and quaint...just like my buddy said.  I really appreciate restaurants putting their time into cooking.  They make their own pasta - YUM!  I got the special; Wild Boar with marinara and pasta; definitely different and definitely wild :)  Bottle wine?  Why yes please... I love the decor - I'm not a musician by any means except in my shower  plastic water cups was mind blowing. I felt like our waiter was up selling us the whole time and the hovering cocky owner was annoying at best. and lets talk about the "" As seen on food network"" sign hanging over the door and the diner guys pic hanging ever where  the food IS that good.  The best Marinara sauce I have had in a long time hands down.  Plus the Cappuccinos after dinner were delicious!  I would recommend at least checking it out.  The eggplant parmesan is superb!" BTW--- Please do not confuse this place with the Scottsdale location  but just because it's on Triple-D  not enough sauce and the various meats were indistinguishable.)  Enjoyed the meal but wouldn't make it a must go to stop on my next visit."  All were fresh and delicious a must visit when in phx. Service attentive and prompt love it" VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA Again that sign is just plain old tacky and is enough of a reason to make me go elsewhere. In my opinion a stupid move. Maybe Gordon Ramsey should visit and give Giuseppe a much needed reality check!"  it would be difficult to walk around.  The chairs were cheap plastic chairs.   Not what I would have expected for an Italian restaurant.  Weird thing is I had to order at the front window and pay on the spot like I was ordering take out.  Really??  I ordered the Bolognese and an Iced Tea and my bill came to $24 dollars (included tip before even tasting anything!  Sheez)  The hostess served up some bread with some very cold butter packets first and then the pasta came out.  The homemade pasta was pretty good in taste and texture I have yet to eat something there i didn't like.  The osso bucco is a must try!!!!!!  I dream about it  ....mmmmm  but not worth waiting 60 minutes for. Our bolognese dishes were pricey...and not oversized. It was my first time here and couldn't compare to an earlier time. There are so many other great restaurants in the area that I would not return here." I'd go back for the tiramisu." "It is the one place I MUST go to whenever I'm I'm Phoenix...no  sweet and perfect! I cannot wait to bring my other work associates here when I come back to Phoenix in a couple of weeks!" "We moved to Az last December and really miss our old Italian haunts back home so we saw this on DDD and thought we would give it a try. My wife and I both ordered the Capellini with meat ball and a basket of bread. The bread was really disappointing Ask the server what he/she recommends that particular day.  They're usually honest and are spot on.  And try going later and see if you can have a chat with the owner.  He used to (maybe still does) play with the Phoenix Symphony and has some great stories."  you have made a serious mistake. The dish with the sausage and broccoli rabe is unbelievably good. The macaroni and cheese is wonderful and the Bolognese Ragu is so tasty. Try the suppli di Riso for a different experience I live in walking distance to this place and wished it was all that and a bag of chips. Really people FIVE STARS???? seriously concerned  for where those people normally eat. This place is not even average. We have tried it 2X and just wont do it again. To be honest i cant remember what we had both times but a pasta dish was one thing and a meatball sub?? not sure. Pass on this one and go up the street to La Fontanella for a much better meal.  the garlic bread wasn't very good but our main courses were pretty good. I had the spaghetti and had a couple of meatballs. I thought the meatballs were extremely well done. The service was attentive  which was a bummer. My wife's sub was a good proportion but the bread was really dry and lacking meat. Overall the service was friendly and prompt  eatable but nothing great.  Prices too much for this over-hyped place.  Had the Giuseppe sub for lunch I'm not going to rush back because the place is pretty far from home  would like to try to eat in at some point."  the best food I've had since moving to Phoenix 18 months ago.  I had the cheese tortellini with the tomato cream sauce.  Then we shared tiramisu for dessert with a coffee.  The wait was long  a touch of cheese on the billboard (""As seen on TV"") make it a perfect spot for a quiet romantic dinner as well as a group of 6-8.  Larger groups may be challenged as I don't *think* they take reservations - but check on that ...."  friendly faces (customers AND waitstaff) and phenomenal food!  Not to be confused with Guiseppesin Scottsdale." I would not hesitate for a second to recommend this to a friend or a stranger." Their Spaghetti Carbanara may have been the best I've ever had.  Buon Appetito!" "Some of the best Italian i've had in AZ. Love the bruschetta gorgonzola cheese with honey  this place was quite good. I just don't want anyone else to waste their time and money when there are so many other good Italian restaurants to eat in Phoenix. (e.g. Aiello's)" The pasta is so fresh and delicious....weve been here several times and never had a bad item off the menu." The food here is decent but certainly not worth dealing with the very condescending owner. I'd much rather take my money to a place that appreciates their customers.  pay and retrieve your own plate when ready.  I sat in the middle table which was a big mistake as people kept coming in and I had ass and elbows side to side with people waiting to get to the counter.  With the amount of lunch business you think they cold have a server like dinner.  They also do not do half orders for lunch.  Sadly I will not return for lunch but will for dinner someday."  I think we made it out for just under $90.  Friendly staff and it's a well-oiled machine. They'll take good care of you." I got a take out order last week......worst pasta ever and the garlic toast was terrible.Wasted good money on bad food. Big portions. Friendly concerned owner working the room.  We will be back."  in my experience the portions are the same only the price is lower for the half order.  I tried the mac & cheese once and while the taste was good I was appalled at the sight of the plate.  It was drowning in butter- literally.  I could feel the grease on my skin for the remainder of the day."  though he did offer to send a coupon for a free meal on my next trip.  I can only hope that others did not suffer the same fate as I.  If you do dine here Love and support the local independent restaurants. We will definitely come back."  or I might just come for the cannolli." A HUGE THANK YOU to Richard and his staff for a fabulous dinner. The whole team was grateful for all you did for us and very satisfied with the dinning experience you provided." "I have been waiting to try this place for months now. Purchased a Local Dines coupon and went the other day for lunch. First impression was a little strange as there is no table service. You are pleasantly greeted by a nice hard working elderly lady who instructs you to order at the window and then take a seat while your food is prepared. Once the food is ready she beckons to you from across the room so that you can come pick up your food in the window. Not sure if this is just a lunch thing and if dinner service has a different system but once I understood how the system worked it was fine. As for the food... We ordered the famed bolognese ragu over linguine  why only 3 stars?  I'd like to give 3.5 but I can't so it gets 3.  The prices were not satisfactory.  The ragu and a can of coke came out to over $21 with tax.  For the price I paid I found the portion a bit small and $3 for a can of Coke is lunacy.  I understand a local restaurant needing to charge more but I think they could shave some of the cost off.  Especially on the pop.  To be honest "My wife heard about this restaurant from people she met in a restaurant in New Jersey. They had heard about it from tv and said their Italian food was wonderful. Of course we love a place like Pizzeria Bianco or Cibo Small space with only a handful of tables." A little pricey but good portions and great food!  since we (lil ms. longlegs n I) were going to the movies after eating and we did not want to get the tireds n slows.  So we ordered water and ice tea which came in plastic cups (this was why I gave it only 4 stars).  Lil Ms. Longlegs ordered the bruschetta for her main meal (you get to choose which ones you want) I ordered the Eggplant Parmigiana with the homemade pasta.  We thought the bruschetta was adequate (bread was not overly impressive) but the Eggplant was divine.  Sliced thin and very lightly breaded with thin sliced mozzarella and the sauce was very good (a little tame for me but still excellent).  We both thought that for the food and ambiance their pricing was a little on the high side.  We will go back and try some of their other dishes.  This place was on Food Channel which we figured it would be an ""11"" on a scale of 1 to 10.  I give it a 8.2 Never is soon enough to go back"  but it was a comfy atmosphere. There were three of us and we shared the Chef's salad. It was VERY good! Definitely big enough to share and it was evenly proportioned with dressing. Could have eaten the whole thing by myself if I had a choice. I ordered the Pasta Alfredo-Limencello and it was alright "this is a great little restaurant if you're looking for genuine italian cuisine and not the chain restaurant versions tweaked for american taste.  very casual friendly atmosphere  it's a must.  We ordered the calamari and rice balls for appetizers.  Calamari with that broth was just delicious.  The rice balls were light and flavorful.  I had the Lemoncello pasta and my husband ordered the bolognese pasta.  Out of this world.  The pasta was fresh homemade You won't be disappointed" This place has nothing going! They don't know basic importance about Italian bread. It's disgusting places like this are open and people rave about it. Guy would be ticked if he saw what they're serving. It sure ain't money baby any more or on point. Also it's pricy ! I think they got a license to steal ! My aunt had eggplant.  cant comment on that since I despise eggplant.  She loved it though.  My uncle had a pasta dish that had brocolli rabe and gemelli pasta.  They subbed out chicken for the sausage so my uncle was happy.  The bread was so/so.  The salad was basic.  The dressing wasnt emulsified ( pool of oil on the bottom of the plate). My homemade flourless choc. cake was the best thing about the meal.  The owner was very nice "Have been going here for years.  Never disappointed; now that have a liquor license now; very good selections (if I drank alcohol any longer)...The food has always been stellar (especially homemade pastas)  a big fan of this place. Not going to impress a hot date with the ambiance I wasn't really pleased with my order; I guess that I had some build-up because this place has been on TV.  I totally understand it's hard to judge a restaurant from ordering take-out so I'll probably try this place again and have my meal there." "Didn't come close to our expectations. Went there last night for the first time. Bruschetta was served on garlic bread. I ordered a Moretti beer and got a dark lager (and in a beer goblet way less than full). We order the cavatelli and the eggplant parm- neither had been touched with the requisite Italian herbs. The sauces were plain some of the best pasta you will ever have in a place you wouldn't expect it. The pasta is amazing and it's made fresh daily.  the bruschetta is also really good. I always get the carbonara or the bolognese. Come hungry cause the big portions will fill you up pretty quick. "I usually love hole in the wall places.  The service usually ends up being great but the service here was a little slow and seemed in disarray.  I ordered the garlic bread which was your average bread and yummy.  The bolognese was great It took me several tries to be able to a table at this restaurant but I've now been here twice recently and have enjoyed every bite.  The butternut squash ravioli is amazing.  If you're up to try something a little different the spaghetti Neri is great.  It was my first time trying squid ink pasta and it was so delicious I will eat it again.  The cannoli is authentic tasting and not overly sweet.  I'd like to see them expand the beer selection but other than that this little restaurant is great and obviously others agree since it took me several tries to get in. Excellent eggplant parm!  Next time I'll try the meatballs. "Rarely does a restaurant exceed my expectations; however my visit to Giuseppe's was one of those rare occasions. The staff could not have been more welcoming and friendly. Our waiter Steven was EXCEPTIONAL. He was helpful and extremely knowledgeable regarding the food and the wine list. The food was fantastic top to bottom. Everything tasted fresh and bursting with flavor. I shared the ""Da California"" salad with a friend (Avocado & Cherry tomatoes  approached the increasing line to finally attempt to seat people. He asked me if I had a reservation? I replied calmly do I need a reservation to be seated (as obviously it was busy due to V Day). He says  stale french bread drizzled with olive oil and dried oregano.  R u kidding me??  My guests were disappointed with their dishes as well and the dinner was not deserving of such high prices.  Some of it came out cold!   Dinner for 4 of us was WAY overpriced.  Only thing good was desert.  Service was just OK Service and food was excellent!! Red sauce is to die  for! Pregnant girl's dream!! Steve was an awesome Server. Order the risotto balls!  and soda comes in a can.... No refills. Seriously. The food... Meh. I've had better for half the price... Actually a third of the price. Just because they were featured on food network Already looking forward to my next visit." They have ice tea and a variety of soda's and italian sodas but they are in a can fyi. Tables are a little close but the food was worth at as well as the service. We did have a local dines voucher for half off the meal but the prices were really great. We really felt like we got out money's worth and would go back in a second without the coupon.  I will be back to try many more things on their menu!" VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA Owner was very engaged and remembered many of the guests by name. Even us as first timers after we introduced ourselves."  a little too crammed in there. They would benefit from taking at least one table out so that customers and servers can maneuver to and from the tables. The  server we had last night was awesome...very friendly and made our experience great. The food was ok. We started with a house salad that was seriously over-dressed. I had the bolognese and my boyfriend had the baked ziti. My pasta seemed homemade and the sauce was a tad bland but still pretty good. The baked ziti was good. Nothing special. I felt it was quite over priced. $50 for one salad "I have to say my visit today was a letdown. We had the risotto rice balls that were clearly not made fresh as the breaking was soggy and not crispy the way it should be. The meatballs were okay and slightly above average size "My husband and I ate dinner here a few weeks ago after living nearby for some time.  The service is wonderful here VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA  they cut their home made pasta too thick; but I don't mind. Traditional  and his dedication to his craft shines through in his food (musicians are the biggest foodies:))." VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA  she wanted Italian and already had decided she needed to have authentic tiramisu.  We did  he said he had to answer the phones but he smelled like he had been taking a smoke break...not cool. We got their rice balls for an app and they were less than stellar....kind of soggy Absolutely phenomenal! The bruschetta was some of the best we have had. I got the carbonara and my husband got the lasagna. Both were incredible. The carbonara was made with homemade pasta and it was outstanding. Get there early because the restaurant is small and fills up fast. Service was excellent! We will definitely be back! I don't understand why anyone likes this place.  I ordered the fresh pasta and found it heavy and tasteless.   It is also very expensive considering for what I paid here I can dine in much better places.  I find the Food Network sign on the outside a little tasteless also. The food has no taste.  I went here for my birthday because we saw it on TV.  I have no idea how anyone can give this place a good rating.  If you like tasty food please go somewhere else.  Not even my 3 year old son liked it.  Drive In's and Dives and really enjoyed the family atmosphere and the food.  Getting to hear about the experiences to this place after national televised exposure was absolutely amazing.  The expansion they have had to do and the quality service and food they provided while doing all that is amazing.  I will definitely go back when I get back to the Phoenix area." The desserts are amazing as well. All I can say is if you love food and your in this area GO."  unless for a diversion you wish to go to Andreoli Italian Grocer for their bread! Between these two you will be in ""Italian Food Heaven!""" I could go on but.... Geeez get up get out and get some....."  making the dishes heavy. Everyone was very nice and service was good. We were here for lunch. Only thing was this place is pretty pricey. 4 pasta dishes ran us around $60+ and two were only half orders.  Anyways Great little get-a-away from the strip mexican food. It was recomended by a valet guy and it was great. Wow! Tiny little place in a strip mall serving up great Italian food! The Risotto Rice Balls are delicious. Service is friendly - and welcoming. Give it a try?  which is not a bad thing. Everything from appetizers to deserts can be shared and you will still leave feeling very satisfied and very happy that you have been to Giuseppe's on 28th." Our server kept saying ""I'm sorry for the wait"" as her mantra.  I'm sorry  made from scratch and delicious; I love their homemade pasta! They also offer gluten-fee pasta I will be back for more! :)"  actually really hard but the meatballs are so good that I overlooked it! I have had the lasagna which was very flavorful and lots of cheese and sauce. The appetizers are great as well as the pasta fagiolli. The canolli is a great choice for dessert. Service is always friendly and fast. Food hot and fresh. The place is small but worth the wait. The owner was asking everyone how their meals were. Nice to see him involved and taking care of customers."  is often there and loves to talk so get ready for a great conversation about the history of the restaurant etc!  Its a very small restaurant and seating is limited. I personally like sitting inside because its warm and cozy! There is outside seating but it looks out onto a shopping center parking lot which to me is not appealing to me at all. The food here is AMAZING! Portions are quite large and can easily be spit in half to share. They have been on the TV show Diner The tiramisu was also mouthwateringly delicious. Its consistency was very mousse-like  making it basically melt in your mouth after every bite." Food was amazing!  Would have given 5 stars but soda was from the can served in a plastic cup.  and the penne al salmone.  I'm not Italian but I know that all the dishes we had tonight were made from scratch and with great ingredients."  very friendly staff! Great lil mom and pop type feel to it. Food was out of this world. Very laid back atmosphere.. Nice surprise for a little hole in the wall Italian restaurant. The lasagna and veal meatballs were on point!" Richard never disappoints. The food is always amazing. The wine perfecto.. And the service great. What's not to like. It was nice to see the owner in there and he gladly took a picture with our group. Very cool!"  he said we finished it! I know wine bottles and there were  more than three half glasses in that bottle. I asked if he was sure and he said yes. Rather than create a scene with my party - a buzz kill for sure to argue over this -  I ordered three more glasses  - at an additional $24. The waiter opened a new bottle Mac n cheese was awesome! "Has become my favorite Italian restaurant in Phoenix....food is better than my family's Italian Noni's was.  Absolutely love the Lasagne  and she said it casually enough to make it seem so. I do not recall seeing it on the menu. I got my bill and it was $4. I later noticed it was on the menu board which seems to be geared for their takeout customers. The second time I declined when she offered garlic bread again Best chicken parm in town.  but the serving size was very good; two of us happily fed. Must mention the great sauce I can live with the food being ""fine"" but I can not give that kind of money to an owner who treats his customers as if they are lucky to have gotten a seat in his crowded old school room."  great tasting Sangiovese and the pasta fabulous.   My daughter selected the ravioli and being a college student ordered the gnocchi as well.  She loved it.  My linguine  with roasted shrimp "I went to Guiseppe's February 19th with another person.  It was a disappointing dinner.  Water was served in plastic cups and the napkins were paper.  Both dishes we ordered were tasteless -- adding cheese on top did not help.  The dish I ordered was a mushroom ""stew"" over ravioli dough.  The second time I found myself chewing something very gritty B9bA1vLBTuIKs82qH_OY0g Well I got bamboozled into trying this place by my lady after an episode of triple d . I should have went with my gut and left when the server brought out plastic cups with flex straws that it wasn't  going to be a good experience . She was told to get there early because at certain times of the day there's a line to get in which is true I'm assuming considering there's room for about 15 people in the dinning area . I ordered spaghetti and meatballs pasta was dry sauce was a little rich and the meatballs were a little on the salty side. Very diss appointing my boy ordered lasagna and my girl ordered one of the specials on the board and our friend ordered the same as myself spaghetti and meatballs . With an order of garlic bread which came out way to early so it sat getting cold . So when the bill came out it was a whopping $90. Don't  get me wrong I don't mind paying good money for good food but this time I totally felt robbed . I would not go to this place again if someone else was paying . I don't know why this place is crowded.  The food is bland and it's so tiny.  I have been to several DDD destinations this one is a BIG miss."  shrimp ravioli with garlic butter sauce with red pepper flakes let me say when you cut into the ravioli the oil blends so good and the ricotta just melts out.. Last the eggplant app which was like a round eggplant pizza with no bread it was eggplant done right !! Sliced thin and fried perfect you need to eat here !!! New Jersey New York style right in Phoenix !" Great for takeout and eat in. Great gnocchi. Fast and consistent takeout. Friendly staff.  so went to Giuseppe's on 28th we live a long way from here and was hoping it was good!!! Guess I was expecting to much  older woman who knowledgably guided us through the menu. The perfect meal: all the ingredients were fresh ( we enjoyed the mozzarella bursts over prosciutto and arugula // 4 different types of bruschetta // and hand made chicken parm) What a breathe of fresh air! I recommend this place to all locals and tourists alike."  which was awesome. If you have only experienced store-bought pasta then you may not be prepared for the wholesome goodness of true homemade pasta. The flavor of each dish was wonderful. We then indulged in dessert. The creme brulee and key lime tart both were excellent (although we were all stuffed by then). The portions were just right and the whole dining experience was awesome." "Giuseppe's  is a restaurant where the food quality is the most important thing. The restaurant is set and a small storefront is one storefront wide and very informal.  If you are coming here for high-quality traditional Italian food  the kitchen will occasionally indulge special orders and I've always been very impressed by the plate set before me. The owner is old school good people. Salt of the earth type.  His passion for food permeates the place and you feel better as a person for having gone there." I even saw people getting takeout and the only reason I don't is because I live in the east valley.   I love this place and go back on a regular basis.  My sister thought I went back without her today and was ready to fight me.  Ha ha!!  Support local businesses people and you will get an amazing This place is so fake it's sickening- the server Cindy is phony. Jose is a dick - and the owner- couldn't make the time to take my credit card. The salad dressing was tasteless and the Osso Bucco was just okay. "The paper napkins and plastic cups did not match the high-priced $15 - $20 pasta dishes on the menu. Each table had a flameless candle which seemed pointless because the lights above were as bright as a factory. We had the bean soup and the gnocchi with the tomato cream sauce.  The soup was fair but the gnocchi was definitely lacking a bit of flavor This place is a local gem!  We had date night and were recommended this place from some good friends.  Small and quaint with patio seating .  Greeted with smiles and prompt service.   I chose the eggplant Parmesan with fresh home made pasta and my husband had the Spaghetti with home made meatballs.  Absolutely delicious!  Fresh pasta was fantastic.   It seems the owner Rich makes a point to greet every table and is charismatic and warm.  Very well done and we will return!  We had a great Experience! "Been coming here consistently for a year now. Always delicious. I love the scampi saut with shrimp  but I gave them 4 because I wish they had a nicer venue." VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA I will not be going back...." My mother in law loved the music choice. Thanks again for the great time!"  Feel like people are very opinionated when it comes to Italian food. The food is fresh and tastes great. If your looking for sodium drenched pre-packaged Italian food visit your local ""Italian"" Chain." Food was amazing service and incredible and atmosphere prefect . We will be back"  and that was only because of the service. We decided to try it since seeing it on Food Network.  Way overpriced ($17 for ravioli and about $13-15 for my macaroni - don't remember the price  be promptly attended to without feeling rushed) -- and since I myself didn't really know what mood I was in (Weltgrunegotterdammerung will do that for a girl) "So being a bit of a food snob even for lunch we decided to try this place. One word AMAZING !  Being Italian  "So I'm here eating some of the best Italian I have ever had... it's 2 minutes before closing...  a couple walks in and they are immediately seated!!  2 minutes before closing and still get not only great service The only thing I would change is the bread. A good Italian restaurant needs good We have to adjust uncomfortable plastic chair and wipe fake candle on the able." VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA "We arrived last Friday at 4:30 anticipating a crowd after seeing Check Please Arizona reviews.  We were informed they open at 5PM.  We waited outside and noticed a guest sign in form which we assumed we would be called in order at 5pm.  That was not the case.  Quite a few had shown up and also put names on the list.  Just before 5pm they let the whole heard of people in at the same time. The restaurant is very small and all tables filled up quickly.  There initially was only ONE waitress for about 10 minutes then another started taking drink orders.  We almost walked out as they clearly did not prepare the way they should have.  Anyway The portions were good for us. I could only eat 1/2 my Lasagna and my husband ate all his Ragu and said I should have taken his plate (and bread) away from him before he had finished! We'll be back..."  has been to Italy twice and is knows her Italian cuisine and she even said this was spot on. Highly recommend it. It definitely deserves more stars. The owner was also very nice and came buy to check in and talk to use. Even recommended places to eat where we weren't from Phoenix." "A great local find. We saw Giuseppe's on 28th. on a local television show discussing local restaurants. We were looking for a place to go for our daughter's birthday and Giuseppe's seemed like a good idea. Was it ever! It is a small Italian Restaurant in a strip mall. When we arrived the staff was extremely friendly. They were very attentive and able to suggest a very nice bottle of wine  not pretentious at all. It's so hard to find good Italian in AZ. Especially when your boyfriend is a hard core East Coast Italian! This is the only place his picky Italian family will eat at when in town. Staff is great and we always feel welcomed. The veal meatballs and wild boar cavatelli are on point...must tries!" "Have been coming here for about 10 years and have never been disappointed. We are snow birds from Vancouver and have experienced hundreds of Italian restauarants. This is one of the best!!! The home made pasta and array of sauces are second to none. The atmosphere is very casual for high end cuisine which is a good thing. Rich and his staff are superb at making you feel comfortable and appreciated. The wine list There was a longer wait than we were used to but the food was superb. The people who went with me all enjoyed their food very much. The dessert was excellent as well. I hope to come back to this restaurant again. "Review is not for the food. I would have loved to have tried it... The wife and I show up with our 20 month old to be greeted with ""we only have 1 high chair and they just sat down"" seriously one high chair!! You can afford to invest in a sign that says ""as seen on Food Network"" but not more than one high chair. So much for being a ""family"" restaurant..." The calamari had no flavor at all. The veal oso buco also had no flavor. The veal meatloaf was alright the fresh pasta and garlic bread were good. But overall a waste of money. Great find and looking forward to going back the next time I'm in town!"  the service was awesome! Super friendly and attentive. Food was delivered quickly. We had the pasta ragu and spaghetti with meatballs (subbed house made pasta). Both were devoured. The plates were plentiful without being obnoxious in portion. The finale was the to die for tiramisu. It was amazing! Almost liked the plate clean. Can't wait to return!!!" "I've had this on my list for some time. The burratta appetizer was outstanding!  The garlic bread was so simple but some of the best I've ever had. I had the lemonciello pasta with prosciutto. The pasta was handmade and the sauce good but next time "Went here last night as recommended by our kids but we could not get service. Walked in and they had a couple of tables for 2 open and we had 4. The staff said only seating outside for right now. So I went back out and sat at a table my husband ask to put our name on the list and they said that was outside too. Sat there for 20 minutes or so with no water or staff coming out to us. When they did come with 2 waters I said thank you but we are not staying no help and you sent us out here 20 plus minutes ago. He says "" you have a party of 4 right"" I say yes but here are 2 customers in the AZ heat you sat outside and did not check on us until now. It was hot on the patio no misters. Not rushing to go there again!" I have had Osso Bucco numerous times both in Italy and in the states. This is definitely top three I've ever eaten. Pasta was perfectly cooked. Cannoli was impeccable and obviously fresh. Service was excellent. I will definitely be back.  the butternut squash ravioli is the perfect savory/sweet combination and ricotta cavatelli with rapini has the best flavor. Take a lemon-zested cannoli to go! The best part of dinner is meeting and chatting with the humbly charming owner Rich. Ask him his story of playing cello to making limoncello. We're bringing the entire Italian family back!" Dined here for my graduation dinner! It reminds me of the food my moms friend (a wonderful Italian woman) used to make. Makes me wish I lived here!  as if we bought the whole place out and were the only customers. Everything was so goood!!! I shall return  t" "This place is great. Been going here for years. Richard and his crew are great. Service with a smile. Indoor and outdoor seating. Was featured on the Food Network's Diners Love this place. My fianc and I have gone here for anniversaries and other special nights. Great service and outstanding food quality. Bruschetta is amazing and tiramisu is fantastic. Owner is a great guy and worth your business. Take your date here.  baked through using pasta rather than macaroni noodles.  Salad was simple with balsamic/vinegar dressing" Go here and impress the naysayers that will be confused when you tell them the best Italian in town is in a strip mall. I've never taken someone here who left disappointed."  where the other Giuseppe's in Scottsdale only charges 12.00...and most Italian City small places are all around $12.00..this place is small  we chose this place after we saw it on TV. The place was tiny and there was a minimal wait. The food was top notch. Everything was delicious and highly recommended. Happy we decided to eat here." Prior owner was very jovial with patrons..fun atmosphere.. gave larger portions for the price and treated his employees like gold with paid sick days  owner was out of town apparently playing the cello or something like that in Michigan we were told  salad excellent and the main course. Take your pick. I came back a second time while I am in town. I think I will come back a 3rd time in 4 days. This is a must stop for the best of the best !!"  I ordered the Chicken Parmesan. Casual Setting but very intimate" "I really like their meatball subs. A bit annoying though with the middle meatball being in the middle where it either goes to one side or the other when you cut it giving you 2 on 1 side and 1 on the other.  Yep That's incredulous.  I'm dumbfounded as to how you can turn away business like that.  So Had dinner with a work colleague from out of town who wanted Italian food. I found this place and the menu looked good. They were not busy when we got there but were expecting a larger party later. Weirdly the sat us right next to where the large party was going to be. Not sure why but the placement was weird since they had other open two tops. The server gave us the run down of specials. We decided to split a ceasar salad and we ordered entrees. The ceasar was ok could have used more dressing. The bologonese ragu however was AMAZING!! Some of the best pasta I have ever eaten. My colleague also commented on his chicken parm and said the pasta was very good. The server was very slow in picking up the check but she had gotten busy with more tables and the larger party by that time. But overall it was very good and I will be back with my husband next time!! Some of the best Italian food around! Don't miss it. Food is great and staff is wonderful. This is a little Italian hidden Gem! The owner is sweet and polite and hospitable! A musician/chef/owner/manager wears all these coats very well!!!! Great food!!!!! We just experienced the best meal at Giuseppe's on 28th. Veal Osso Buco and Lemon Risotto with Shrimp was to die for! You have try try the Burrata!! Really nice food.  Best eggplant parmigiana I've ever had and we live in San Francisco.  Friendly service too.  for dessert I had  terramisu.. This place is highly recommended. This place is small so be ready to wait a while to be seated..if they are busy"  service was good and seemed clean. The food was subpar. Not one of us liked the food. All tried something different. No one liked what they had. Too bad  "Wanted to like this place but my boyfriend and I went here and were very disappointed. He ordered the shrimp risotto and it had a fowl odor and It was bland. I ordered the mixed meat pasta they said it's the dish they are ""known"" for. It also tasted very plain and it tasted like something I could get from a freezer dinner. Not impressed  seeing as though they are in a strip mall next to a water store... food is good but pricy."  it was a block 2 inches wide by a 5 inches long by 1.5 inches in height.  It didn't taste that good.  It was horrible if I""m to be honest.  The real kick in the crotch was that I was at the Lux not far from there and passed on their mac n cheese to try this places.  And the Lux's mac n cheese is way better!  Not just better but 7 dollars with bacon and jalapenos.  The size is a little more  tortellini with meat sauce for me and the bolognese ragu for my date. Great meat sauce. Great service. I will be coming back here." Gueseppe's is hands down delicious Italian food!  The handmade pasta is delicious.  The Bolognese Ragu was so delectable with the 7 different meats hitting your palate.  The place is small so make sure you get reservations.  The owner is very nice and does a great job not only greeting everyone but making sure everyone feels like they are a part of something.  I cannot wait until I go back again! "Really cool little place.  Went with basic spaghetti and meatballs.  They suggested I sub their fresh made fettuccine for the spaghetti noodles - wow Don't get the pork shoulder! Had hair (from the pig) on the outter skin. Wasn't butchered properly obviously. Very tough and dry. Never coming back. Even baked ziti was just fair.  but my favorite is the lemoncello one. Their eggplant is also to die for....paper thin  went with my girlfriend last night and the food was amazing! Had the wild boar ragu and a veal meatball... Best Italian food in Phoenix by far! The service was a tad slow Came by again last week during Spring Training 2016.  Had the butternut squash ravioli with a sweet butter sauce and sage. Was fantastic.  tight squeeze restaurant but that doesn't bother me . I had the spaghetti with house made pasta and meatballs  It was well worth the stop."  and butternut squash ravioli. Everyone enjoyed their entree!  I'm happy we took a chance to check out this Diners My family stub led upon this gem by accident. Couldn't have been happier. 7 meat bolognas and seafood nece was to die for. Would recommend to anyone and the prices are very fair I was in town for Cubs spring training. If I come back next year I will absolutely visit Giuseppe's again!" "Amazing. This place hit the nail on the head and it's no surprise the owner knows good Italian food as he's from NY! Rich the owner was welcoming and attentive as was our waiter  but the quality of the food has gone downhill dramatically. I always order the same dishes (gnocchi w/cardinale The eggplant parmigiana was heavy and not fresh. The pasta on the side was similar to frozen Reames egg noodles. A waste of $14. I will not be returning.  and risotto balls for appetizer. Both appetizers were deelish. Had the 7 meat bolognese ragu with fettuccini ... Very very tasty. All accompanied with a nice Barolo. This spot won't disappoint."  it's out of this world!!! Look for Richard he will take good care of you!"  the 4 cheese ravioli (for my 9 year old) and the penne la salmone for myself. I love the atmosphere and the staff is so friendly. Will definitely be back."  which is described as ""served three different cheeses with noodles and prosciutto"" on GrubHub. What I got was an over baked rectangle of penne pasta with cheese burnt on top and NO prosciutto at all. It was disappointing. I would recommend going somewhere else." My husband and I had a great meal.  He ordered the Bolgnese and I had Brushetta.  You can order different types of Brushetta because you get 4 pieces.  Anyway they offered chicken liver.  I never tried it before so I chose it as one of my options.  I didn't like it. It was no fault of theirs I just do not have a pallet for it.  I told Cindy our server and she immediately ordered a replacement for me at no extra charge.  Thanks Cindy.  A great place.  two thumbs up for this quaint restaurant find. Next time I used to eat here all the time... never again will i give them my business." VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA  give it a rest. The food was fair at best and they charge for a better meal than they deliver. I'll look elsewhere for italian next time." "Far from amazing.  Underwhelming is more like it.  No children's menu...no complimentary bread...patio furniture inside for seating as well as card tables with table cloths.  I am surprised they've been in business for this long.  Still touting Triple D's visit from years ago as if it were last week...terrible service.  Their sauce left a lot to be desired...went in with high hopes Great home made Italian pastas. Love the spaghetti with clams and also the four cheese pasta dish. Small selection of beers and wine. Intimidate small bistro. Can get crowded. Good service and the owner checks on you and cares about your experience. Will definitely come back. The meals are large enough to be split family style or shared on a date. Next time I'll certainly sit down for a glass of wine and enjoy the experience." My family stumbled upon this gem by accident. Couldn't have been happier. 7 meat bolognas and seafood nece was to die for. Would recommend to anyone and the prices are very fair This place was  awesomeeeeee! Our server was great and the tiramisu was to die for. A+ L'Amore is a great hidden gem.  The restaurant has a cozy feel and the service is outstanding.  The dishes served offer a great variety and are not just the usual italian fare  (though they do have many of the classics).  The often have some live music that adds to the ambience. L'amore is located at 32nd and Lincoln  and worth the prices if you are up for sharing (or it's a special occasion!)  Loved it!" The bar scene had a Neil Diamond/Country/John Denver type singer who was keeping that area entertained.  I loved the unique I have been going to L'Amore for a few years now and each time I return I am reminded of how good it is. The food truly is good and I've never been disappointed with a dish. They usually have a halibut dish on the nightly specials and it's always cooked to perfection and has some to-die-for sauce on it. The baked ziti with sausage and ricotta is also a fave. And in this restaurant the service is just as good as the food. Greg the owner is always there and really takes pride in his restaurant. They also have a great happy hour that goes until 7:00 on weekdays with great food and drink specials. Live music most nights in the bar area and a lovely patio. Pure Italian bliss.  stopped by our table several times to make sure things were fine and to chat. Some of the best veal I've ever had. It was flavorful and so tender you did not even need a knife to cut it. Items we ordered: Mussel appetizer  so bring friends or a large appetite or be prepared to take some home) home with us so we could have dessert. I'm so glad we did. We had the vanilla creme brulee. You could actually see the vanilla beans in the custard. And it wasn't overly sweet. Too many are cloyingly so  service oriented host that makes sure all went well. This is not a high priced restaurant ...the wine list offers some very good  which was the Sole.   It was prepared just right with a great lemon caper sauce.   The salad and sides included with the dish were fantastic as usual.   Can't wait to go back here again and again.    Just so you know they sometimes have specials on ""Local Dines"" where you can get $40.00 voucher for $20.00." There are much better places to have a good dinner out." We loved this place! We got a coupon off of restaurant.com and it wAs well worth the wait. I had the tortellini with the Alfredo sauce which is the best Alfredo sauce I have had to date! It's my favorite sauce. My hubby had the gnocci with the marinara sauce which was to die for! We will definitely go back. We had to wait 30min past our reservation but it was well worth it. Two dinner plates and a glass of wine hit the $50 coupon just perfectly.  1 cup of coffee = $90 (inl. tax and tip) before coupon."  more domestic then authentic.  That isn't to say it isn't very tasty.  Very comfortable atmosphere and menu."  which is why I'm giving this place 5 stars.  I made a reservation for my boyfriend as a surprise birthday dinner last week.  I was a little hesitant planning a birthday dinner at a new restaurant.  What if we didn't like the food or the service was poor?  When we walked in we were immediately greeted by a guy who I'm pretty sure is the owner.  After checking out the menu and FINALLY deciding on a dish (everything sounded great)  great service.  If you are looking for VERY authentic Italian food in a charming and romantic setting  we wouldn't jump to return."  but with the entrees being so incredible AND coming with soup or salad (and don't forget the bread with some balsamic vinegar and olive oil!)  there was almost no sauce with it. The salad was fine but too much dressing. I had the chicken piccatta and it was very oily and the sides were penne pasta with tomato sauce and some steamed carrots and broccoli. My wife had the halibut piccatta special that was very salty. Not really worth the money and the atmosphere was a senior citizen crowd." Keep it Simple Stupid" PAtgWCLCFRQd_fjnihISOg "Excellent food and well worth the wait when they're crowded. Probably the 'hidden jewel' of Italian in all metro Phoenix and offers a wonderful atmosphere of fine dining with a very friendly "I went there for the first time on Tuesday.  I had the lunch special of Salmon and side salad.  My friend had pasta and meatball.  Both items were wonderful.  The service was excellent.  The owner kept checking on us.  The restaurant is beautiful In the end I guess you get what you pay for.  If we had paid full price my husband would have been more insistent on being treated like a patron dining in a fine restaurant I just love this place...everytime I order take-out it is amazing.  There house salad with crab cake is my fav...  take care of the customer attitude.  I will be back and I don't live in Phoenix."  veal and salmon and all enjoyed their meal.  The wait staff is nice and attentive and they don't rush you out.  You can linger as long as you want. I imagine it would be very nice to have your meal outside on the patio but it was a little chilly the night we were there. Yes I would return for sure."  no pressure to leave. They let you be and set your own pace. I loved it!" Great Hidden little Gem! Great food can be pricey $$$ small great romantic atmosphere. I loved that I could change anything in the menu. They really cater to you! Definitely a older crowed but its the Biltmore area (what do you expect) . Delicious food! Great wine list and mouth watering desert. We are here two night in a row because it was so good the first night. The second night was even better. I think this might be the best restaurant I have been to in a long time. Good service and very friendly owners. Don't hesitate! The Verdict:  Any other Italian restaurant is a better choice. Pick the next one." Delicious! And best of all the most friendly staff I've ever encountered in a restaurant. The sea food was very fresh and  the man walking around checking on guests(Im assuming an owner or management) was very personable. From start to finish this experience was wonderful. Definitely recommend you stopping here. We love L'Amore and dine here whenever we are in town! We had friends visiting and celebrated her birthday at L'Amore. As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious! So glad to have been introduced to this beautiful and friendly restaurant a few years ago by our local Phoenix friends.  but the other app (a grilled veggie platter) and all the entrees were great. A solid 4 stars....." A friend recommended it.  It's an average Italian restaurant with classic Italian food that you would expect at any average Italian restaurant.  They did not break out with new flavors. The quality was also average.  I will not be going back on my own free will."  wonderful wine and being made to feel like we were old friends. Will definitely be back on our next trip."  is very personable. Enjoyed the live music and the whole warm feeling of the restaurant...great food and great wine." Has become one of my family's favorite Phoenix restaurants!!" I will not go there again.  You can get better food and  service via Olive  Garden -  and that's not saying much."  and we SO wanted this to be our ""go to"" dinner place for nights when we were too busy to cook and to take visiting families and friends.   Full disclosure:  we tried four times Some folks on Yelp have described the interior as outdated. True. Its not a hipster spot but I think that sort of adds to the charm  of the place." Awesome Italian restaurant! Went here with my family and they loved it. Will go back time and time again. Also has specials daily! "My husband and I found it one Open kitchen. We read the reviews and decided to try it out. We waited 5 minutes before anyone greeted us at the door. The hostess asked us if we wanted the formal dining area or lounge. We chose the lounge. She asked if we wanted a wine list. We said yes. Bread was brought over and that wS the last we saw of anyone for 20 minutes. Finally We had two specials that night: Short Ribs with Canneloni (maybe the best canneloni I have ever had) and the Red Snapper in a lemon piccata with a side of linguine.  Perfection!  And not to mention the part about rarely finding good One of the ladies asked for something special for her diet and they cooked it to perfection. I will definitely go back to try other items. And the atmosphere has a local hangout feeling that is comforting." "Was in Phoenix on business and found this restaurant to be highly recommended. Went over with some business associates and the food was tremendous. Being from NYC I felt I knew good Italian food We love to visit L'Amore for a nice quiet dinner experience. Greg and his staff always provide the best service. Special requests? No problem. Service with a smile!  Highly recommend L'Amore. Best Lobster Ravioli I have ever had.  and I didnt order the cioppino but i have never seen something so amazing. Chuck full of seefood. My friend LOVED IT! I am really impressed. The service was great by the way. It felt like they were expecting me and i was a vip. Warmly greeted by the owner himself This is one of my favorite restaurants. From top to bottom this is a class restaurant. The owner is very personable and cares about your experience.  who is very friendly.  Later the owner Greg came around to make sure everything was good.  The food was great. We will be back with our friends."  wonderful restaurant.  Need to go! Must try!  Had the Black Garlic Shrimp and Sausage." Instead we went to The Tavern" The owner physically assaulted me in front of the entire dining room.  Looks like he managed to have the review that detailed it removed. Instead we went to The Tavern for a drink This was my third time eating here and by far the best. Everything was perfectly prepared but the best of all was our waiter Sal. He was perfectly attentive without being invasive and made the evening the best ever! Thanks Sal Service was poor.  Unfriendly atmosphere. Left before we could try food.  Very disappointed. I come here once a week and the food and service is always amazing! I have yet to have anything less than wonderful from a Sole Salad to the Eggplant. Bonus: supporting a locally owned business! On to the food. This is the ONLY time I have ever liked gnocchi at a restaurant beside's Avanti. This is a huge compliment coming from me. This has never happened. I would never forsake my beloved Avanti ... not until now. Now I have a total of two places in the whole of Arizona acceptable for ordering gnocchi. Thank PAtgWCLCFRQd_fjnihISOg This is great place to eat whether it's just to get out for a while or to celebrate something.  They always have several specials on the wall so you do not need to consider just the menu. Also as other people have said the owner is always making sure everyone is enjoying themselves.  The wait staff is also there to make sure you understand the menu and have a good time. Food and service are always phenomenal. We go out of our way to eat here more than once every time we're in town and have never been disappointed. The best Italian restaurant in town! Super fresh seafood salad is to die for!  Grilled veggies are perfect. Their homemade pastas are sooo delish. Service is always good and when you get to go it's always hot and quick. PAtgWCLCFRQd_fjnihISOg  halibut and eggplant parm and everyone enjoyed the authentic flavor and I personally liked the marina.  I know Lori K. Reviewed the bread was hard which to me means she's never heard of sourdough so I wouldn't value her cuisine opinions at all and I can't believe all her negative comments and wonder if she went to the same restaurant as our experience was awesome.  A gentleman we were with couldn't believe it wasn't shipped in from San francisco it was so good and fresh.  Nice relaxing live music and this is now our must go to restaurant in Phoenix.  We went back again that same week... Highly recommend.  It reminds me of a back home neighborhood restaurant with its intimate and unique ambience.  Thank you Greg and we will be back soon.  The people from Branson  the service was excellent and extremely friendly from our waiter and even the owner coming by to check on us. The selection of food was excellent and everybody enjoyed their food. I had the cioppino The owner always stops by to see how dinner is going and always has great suggestions from the menu or daily specials." The owners are make you feel so welcome as do all of the staff. Great food and wine. I recommend the ziti with sausage and the shrimp with black garlic shrimp and sausage.  they don't rush you and you are able to enjoy each course. We all had different entrees and they were all delicious. Highly recommend"  great service and the food was unbelievable.  Truly felt welcomed.  Owners take great pride in providing you with a great experience.  Go Packers!"  it doesn't quite matter how good the other categories are: it takes all 3 to offer a great experience and you will get it here.  It is my new go-to restaurant" With the lovely bartenders (Laura's) advice I chose the blackened garlic "Came in for a few drinks with friends and stayed for appetizers and entrees!  Laura's menu recommendations at the bar were perfectly on point. Come with an appetite! The antipasto for two is a great start. Narrowing down an entree choice may prove difficult "The atmosphere was relaxing for our Friday date night.  The food was excellent  and I ended my meal with a tiramisu. I have to say the tiramisu really won my heart!! So fresh and creamy. The service was also exceptional 5 STARS YELPER's. Check this place out. The owners who actually run the business will probably go over and introduce themselves. And they're just as great as this place is."  So we decided to give it a try.  We weren't disappointed. The food was spot on. The service was impeccable. The atmosphere was perfect Had the sea bass special which was great.  Meat was firm but flakey. Price was higher than warranted but the pasta with clams and white sauce was well priced. Service is outstanding. It's the closest to a neighborhood Italian restaurant in this upscale area as you can get. Will be back. Not a good experience."  attentive service my glass never got empty and the food was ridiculous this place does it right!" The best Italian restaurant I've been to since I lived in Italy. Greg and Kim are the owners and took great care of us and made sure we had a good time. Highly recommend to anyone willing to pay a little extra for the service and amazing food.  with two birthday desserts for the 'birthday boys' that were added as 'compliments of the owner/chef'.  It was a superb touch to the evening.  The place was buzzing  super light and delicious. My husband had the chicken piccata which had a great lemony flavor with sides of pasta  and the sauce was great.  The cannelloni was excellent.  If L'Amore could only figure out their salad dressing and maybe offer another option like feta cheese it would really improve  the dining experience.  Especially considering we spent almost $100 on dinner with no desert and only 2 glasses of wine and 1 beer.   But it has been this way for years and so I guess it will always stay this way.   If they would improve the salad and the sauted vegetables I could improve my rating."  but the kiddo ate some. The owner was very sweet! He and the waitress were very accommodating to our toddler although the rest of the crowd was much older. It was a quick dinner out with the kids that turned out to be delicious!"  incredible service and warm atmosphere. Owners and staff were warm  was working the room and made us feel welcome even apologizing for the initial wait at the door.  Busboy was definitely on top of keeping our water filled and clearing our dishes in a timely manner.  Food was absolutely amazing.  If only the over all service had been better and had they caught the 2 inch piece of dried food in my coffee cup One of if not the best meals in the city: cioppino.  Owners treat us like family.  This is where my family celebrates and always leave happy.  Larry was exceptional. Our first experience but definitely not our last. Ownership was visible and mingled with the clientele and were very welcoming. The restaurant was warm and comfortable." "It was not worth the drive or the prices.  You are basically paying for the ambiance.  The food was nothing outstanding.  My husband had a plate that seem big enough for a small child.  My veal was a bit larger The food is excellent as well- love the bruschetta and pizza. Also I'm a notorious calamari hater but somehow "I really like this Chipotle location over others. I ordered on-line for pick up and arrived early. The ordered wasn't ready (not their fault) and they offered me a complimentary drink while I wait. To me The bread sticks were really good that night That's classy. And Elite of me. Don't ya think?" In need of a filling meal and craving Italian? Consider Fazoli's." I can't believe this place has only been reviewed once! Crazy! This place is so friggin out of this world. I don't crave Italian food but this place is so good I think about it all the time. I had the best escrgot I have ever had in my life. They offer a gluten free pasta option. The red sauce is great. The wine selection is good. The service is on point. I will return time and time again and I don't even have to have a special occasion.  there are too many spots to check out before this place deserves a second visit. Nice if this is your neighborhood Italian spot for a mid-week meal."  but I'm not sure how. We won't be returning again."  we defintiely will be back to try some of their other tempting dishes and to chat with Isabella again.  Ciao!" PS. Know that the place tends to close early - the rush is usually at around 5pm and by 8pm the place is quieting down.  Good to know if you want to beat the throngs (or why it's emptier later at night!)"  I had to bite my tongue several times. I wanted to skewer my friend over the experience "Wonderful Fresh Italian Menu--we enjoyed two great Veal dishes in a living room kind of atmosphere.  Excellent Service  and knows the owners and waiters quite well. Its her favorite place in AZ thus far. The food has always been consistent as well as the service. Some of the waiters have been there as long as the place has been opened. Once you have been there a few times Our only complaint was the Busser seemed to be a bit off his game -- maybe a bad day? It may have spoiled the perfect dining experience "La Fontanella scored huge points in my book today.  First any restaurant that has  been in business for 27 years HAS to be doing something right and they did everything right for us.  The hospitality was unmatched. The food sensational and fresh.  We had appetizers  take the time to hit this place up."  but there are better Italian restauraunts in the area. I might give it another shot to try the veal however." I've already told a handful of friends and coworkers about La Fontanella and the fact that I can't wait to return so I can sample some of their other dishes and especially the other desserts. MMMMMMMM..."  I discovered that that dish was not on the menu.  I had chosen it because it was not tomato sauce or cream based.  The actual menu only has such main dishes.  In any case I have been going to La Fontanella for almost 10 years and it never disappoints!! I love the atmosphere--it's always cozy and comfortable and the staff is always very friendly and attentive.  Next time you want to splurge on some decadent homemade pasta this is the place to go.  I can't help getting the butternut squash ravioli everytime-- it is absolutely delicious!!  I have never had anything that I didn't like here.  La Fontanella definitely has the best italian in the city-- FIVE STARS!!  but this place is just as good!  They have a great wine selection and the bread they bring you before the meal...OMG!!  It is fabulous!  Dont fill up on it too much because then you will miss out on your food!  The mussels are Fantastic...there is a little bit to them but that is what makes them so delicious!  You get to dip the bread in the sauce...and it takes it to a whole other level!  YUM YUM YUM!!  I got the pasta with the vodka sauce and the shrimp!  The sauce was creamy and smooth...I literaly licked my bowl because their sauce was so good!  The reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because the service was slow and the wait staff got several orders wrong and it took a while for our food!  I am a very patient person and I was shocked at how long the food took on a return visit I had the chicken pollard and honestly would not have given 4 stars for this meal since it only is chicken with a dusting of dry sun dried tomatoes a few caper and a sliced olive around the plate. My dinner didn't come with a side or vegetable and left me underwhelmed. I will leave the rating at 4 stars since the other times I've been here it was 4 stars good and I would return but I'd never try the chicken pollard again." So I'd go back next time I'm in the area."  upscale but homey. Snag the $44 bottle of wine and dinner for two special from the Arcadia neighborhood rag and you just got yourself some of the best high-end Italian in the city for chain-Italian prices. There's a reason these guys have weathered the recession in style. Always amazing and always a perfect night out."  but we still felt comfortable with my BF in shorts. Will definately be heading back to try more." The seafood is out of this world delicious! My Salmon with sea scallops were amazing I would definitely return but hope the service is better." Escargot - They tasted fine but they just seemed old-fashioned. They tasted just like the garlic butter escargot I had on a cruise ship in 1988. **"  which is all homemade best service. This place never disappoints us. We recommend this place to our  clients and the feedback is thank you for the best food experience we have had." I can't believe I waited so long to try this awesome place!!!  M y husband had a pork that was tender with a silky sauce. Our oldest daughter had the flavorful rigatoni and our youngest a chicken with spinach and pancetta.  All in all an amazing meal.  We topped our meal off with cannelloni  no white table clothed restaurant on Cave Creek and the food is one thousand times better.  And I don't need a coupon to eat there." I really liked the family owned feel of this place. The staff was friendly and attentive and the pasta was amazing. Our waiter had no problem taking a special order and the price was VERY AFFORDABLE. I WILL BE BACK .  like so much you could taste it when he walked by....that's not so cool. If people want to smoke "Don't use coupon!  You ate looked down upon and treated poorly. Waiters are not pleasant  we HAD to try the deserts.  I can't remember another place I've been to in the US that made me feel like I was dining in Europe again.  I had a deliciously prepared filet and I don't remember what my date had.  But all I can remember is that we were both extremely satisfied with our meal.  I don't have one bad thing to say about this place.  It most certainly makes me remember why I don't frequent Olive Garden for my Italian food." (3) it felt like my food was not freshly prepared...perhaps it had been under a heat lamp for a while." MPziC5MO2QQiYVAMM3fdSw If you are in town for a meeting  and put your phone on vibrate.  They kind of insist!  And that's okay too!" Then finished with their Panna Cotta." Been looking for a good Italian restaurant and finally found one.  My wife and I went here for dinner on Sunday night.  Everything we had was excellent.  I recommend you come by and try it out.  I will be back for more.  Best Italian in town. The owner has been there for 30 years and does all the cooking.  but definitely worth the while for that special occasion. Wish other 'Italian' places in the Valley would take a moment and bring a notebook to figure out what 'Italian food' really means. If you're looking for the genuine article Worst Italian food ever. Rude waiter. Decore very lame. Room full because of coupon customers. I don't know where other reviewers have gone but don't listen to them! Stay away.  complete with a piece of rock salt in the dish.  Off to a really bad start.  One special ordered piece of fish (frozen at best) and the shrimp scampi-greasy on a bed of fetuccini alfredo By far the best Italian food I've had outside of Italy.  If you eat there earlier they give you 15% off the total bill and it fills up really quick.  I would say you need reservations if you want to eat anytime after 6. Probably the best Italian food I have had so far the in the valley. Our waiter was very friendly as well. This is more of a spot to bring your significant other then a group full of kids. Probably won't go back. Expensive for what we thought was average to below average food." "I'd heard about La Fontanella over the years and finally stopped in for a bite.  It was the best Italian food I've had in Phoenix!! The service was outstanding and our waiter MPziC5MO2QQiYVAMM3fdSw Amazing wine and food. I would only really recommend it for special occasions as it is a bit pricey and requires decent attire. I usually order Gnocchi as an appetizer instead of a meal and split it with the table because it melts in your mouth and everyone always enjoys it. The seafood dishes have never disappointed me! the gf and I came to eat here a couple of days ago and loved it. The entrees were excellent as well as the escargot appetizer. Service (Eric?) was great as well. The only thing that was average was their fried calamari. Don't ever come to this place I know I will never come back to this place ever again and definitely will make sure that this is not on the list of restaurants that we recommend." MPziC5MO2QQiYVAMM3fdSw  the kind of food you think about later. Personal service. We went here on a date night and it was great from the wine at the beginning to the dessert and coffee at the end. You really want to spread out your meal and enjoy." "Best Italian in Phoenix. The pepper steak is just like grandma used to make. Best diablo sauce i've ever had outside of Italy It is a memorable experience. Old school. Highly recommend!" This places Chicken Alfredo  is THE BOMB!!! I have never had HomeMade Fresh pasta before!! This place rocks.  The service is special and all the food is excellent. I love to take the babe here and split a bottle of wine over a nice relaxing dinner with the waiters bustling about. They also make great martini's. The steak is perfect!  It is a real treat to dine here. We LOVED La Fontanella and were so sad to hear they had closed. A neighborhood gem that has been around for years and years. Bummer! How do you use a gift certificate  if the resturant is closed?  but it's price in on par with other high end Italian like Bravo Bistro Where are the friendly neighborhood Italian restaurants of yesteryear?" "I LOVE this place! The staff is incredible and so knowledgeable -- not to mention they are actually from Italy. It's definitely a special-occasion place though -- not for the everyday unless you're made of cashola. Great atmosphere BOTTOM LINE: Worth every penny! Dont change a thing."  but thats because the only real competition is Olive Garden and Carabbas. If this place were any place else like San Fran it would be done. I mean $30 - 40 for pasta? Come on now... Way overpriced and not that tasty."  and is very very good. One time they had Venison on the specials menu and it was so unbelievable I swear I can still taste it. Sima and Marcellino Watch out for Marcellino - he likes to push the truffles." I'm going to get back here again soon as every time I dine here I think I went here for Valentine's day and it was a good restaurant but not great if you want to compare it to some of the top restaurants in town.  The appetizers and entrees are good.  I would recommend the pastas since they are fresh and handmade.  The service and atmosphere were nice but for what I'm paying I could think of a few other restaurants that I would have better overall experiences at.  you put together yet another beautiful evening - we always leave impressed and perfectly sated."  politicians.  The service is consistently top-notch and professional.  Family owned and operated  but most of us probably don't. ""Scampi"" is an animal - a type of lobster that looks a lot like a shrimp. I've always assumed ""scampi"" was the shrimp in butter and garlic dish There will be a second visit -- and I will make sure we get a different waiter.  I really wanted to love this place and the first visit didn't let me love it"  who's  a friend of Sima and Marcellino brought me here.  I'm always apprehensive about trying something new when it comes to Italian food.. but so glad I did.  They make everyone feel welcome and well taken cared of.  The servers posses an almost encyclopedic knowledge of their food offerings.  The ambiance is very nice  you will feel like everything is especially for you.... and it is. Marcellino makes sure that your meal is worth savoring and that you will appreciate your evening enough to return."  we wish it was more affordable - but we'll be back without a doubt!" The best Italian food in the city! The service is top notch and food reminds me of the home cooked meals I had every Sunday growing. The only thing that keeps its from a 5 star rating is the price.  because I was the only person in this restaurant for an hour and a half at 7 on a thursday night. Finally a good Italian joint in Phoenix and nobody shows-up. I hope this place survives." Not quite sure if we'd go again You owe it to yourself to treat you and a loved one to this experience." They do offer Valentine 'take out baskets' which are reasonably priced (considering) and sound wonderful -i must admit The finest we had in AZ. Unbelievable." We can't wait to go back for opera night...and of course we are waiting for his next wine dinner.  Best in the valley."  he checked his account and he'd been charged twice!! :( sad I agree with all the enthusiasts here.  The handmade PASTAS are AWESOME!!  So delish!!!  Too bad I live in LA!  I was driving through Phoenix and I'm so glad I stopped by!  I would definitely make another visit when I'm in Phoenix.  nice service... far location but worth it... just be carefull with the specials prices... raviloi for $32 for lunch...a lillte to much... sure I'll come back.... DELICIOSO... BRAVO..." food was overpriced and restaurant not that nice."  putting on the ""make nice"" smile when necessary.  Don't give a ""bum's rush"" to a customer with children who are behaving appropriately." Food is good but way overrated.  The service is nothing special and the prices are astronomical for the quality and quantity of food that you get.  Don't get me wrong the food is good but when you put it all together it is just OK and you may be happier going elsewhere.  i had the chef's tasting menu. Their hand made pasta is absolutely delicious.  Also on either Friday or Saturdays "I read a lot of reviews here and decided to go and check it out. I had dinner there with my department and a  vendor i do a lot of business with. It was kind of a turn off showing up to a ratted down strip mall  but so many good experiences can't be wrong  food was just ok.  Way over priced." The food and patrons may not be in my tax bracket....but I am willing to try it again (once I save up my change!)" The evening was romantic and the service was just right.  We had a wonderful dining experience in this Anniversary stopover in Scottsdale."  is without a dought the only great Italian restaurant in AZ.  I have traveled to Italy and other countries and have eaten this cuisine a ndhis restaurant matches up. This restaurant  does not come without a price  but I'm willing to make the drive anywhere in the valley for this great restaurant.  I'm actually planning my (small) rehearsal dinner there for later this year." service & presentation are excellent. We have been at the old location and very happy of the move to Scottsdale. Never had an average meal as it's usually very good. Strongly recommend the home made pasta's. We were also surprised with a male & female opera singer which added some charm." I've read people complain about the prices at Marcellino but I really don't agree.  Our bill was $207 plus tax and tip for four people.  For a topnotch meal with wine it was worth every penny to our group."  fresh basil and fresh tomatoes.  It was perfect.  The mozzarella tasted home-made.  Tried the mushroom linguine and red lingunie for entrees.  All of the pastas are made by hand in the restuarant.  Both dishes were very good.   Rounded out the perfect meal with a perfect slice of tiramisu.  They also gave a number of service items including  though they are so welcoming and comfortable I'm sure casual dress and (well behaved!) kids would be just as welcome... if you tend to spoil your kids  and they were amazing... my wife had a pasta dish in a lobster sauce which was perfect... thought she was going to lick her plate at the end.  I had the ground steak gnocchi Oh - and come on Saturday evenings to get serenaded by live opera singers!"  but the issue was not corrected.  We all had been looking forward to this dinner for some time now since we heard good things about this restaurant - this bad experience was enough for me not to return." This place sucks. Food was average and we had to wait an hour even though we had a reservation. My americano tasted like warm soy sauce and they blamed it on the RO system. The owner made all sorts of excuses and took a whopping $50 off our $1100 bill. We won't be back!  there is no better place in town for wonderful fresh pasta that is toothsome and delicious.  The sauces lovingly envelope each bite and never overwhelms.  Bread is served and it is good  and love the new location in Scottsdale.   I hope they stay put now.  I would highly recommend this restaurant for a special night out." "I took my girlfriend here for Valentine's. I couldn't have taken a better choice. The place was AWESOME!! Very cozy atmosphere  and everything else were amazing.  We especially enjoyed some of the hand made pastas I would say that this place would be more suited for a date atmosphere than for big groups. It has a sexy  we would have had a better experience.   But I don't think I'm willing to take that kind of risk." Unfortunately it's not possible anymore to spend an afternoon drinking wine and espresso and smoking cigars on their patio "This restaurant had hardly anyone here for lunch today and I think I know why...the prices are too expensive.  All of the special pastas were $35-$38...for lunch!  The atmosphere is nice  I love the service that Marcellino Ristoante had! Their waiter was really professional when introducing the food and recommending the wine. The AMBIANCE was really good for special occasion like birthday  so it was lighter and very  tasty. The half order of ravioli included 2 large squares that was plenty for lunch. Very tasty with a light butter sage sauce.  Better than any pasta I have had before! Even in Italy. The atmosphere is Tuscan with nice decorations. My only wish is that their lunch items were priced a little less. Lunch is pricey. It would be a wonderul dinner place. The service was amazing." Chef Marcellino Verzino greeted us as we were leaving and I told him he was a ""flavor magician"" whose magic will be long remembered.  Until you have eaten here We had a large group of 18 for dinner Saturday night. Marcellino would personally come out from the kitchen after every course and A wonderful evening was had and will be remembered.  thank you Marcellino's!" Either as a couple or as a group - this place works." The owners are very warm and welcoming and are very true to their craft. The kitchen is impeccable."  for the expensive price we paid for dinner The experience at Marcellino Ristorante is perfect and I love their new location in Scottsdale! Finally a restaurant that does everything right." "Finally checked out Marcellino at their Scottsdale location for the first time.  It's as good as it always has been and the new location offers more space and a nice ambiance. The food is still great  all the pastas were homemade infused with amazing ingredients."  you got to pay for an entire chicken dinner.  The waiter laer cam eback and sid he reduced the charges on ""only"" $15 for the chicken breasts. The prices are high but the dishes are unique.  You won't find lasagna here or chicken parm "Chef Marcellino has a true passion for cooking and it really comes through in his food. I haven't had a bad dish yet. Scallops in pesto "I came here for a late lunch and ordered the lunch special (you can replace the wine with an additional appetizer).  The highlight of the meal was definitely the mussels in white wine appetizer.  The mussels were extremely fresh and tender  wine and the restaurant is flawless and his warm demeanor is incredibly welcoming.  His service takes this place a notch above the rest." Marcellino had the quaintness of a family owned place combined with the experience and food quality of a fine restaurant.  I cannot say enough about the quality of the food and the service.  If you have the chance  but my favorite is whatever I ordered during my last visit! You can't go wrong with any of the dishes. The bar is we'll stocked and he makes great mixed drinks. Definitely arrive a few minutes early to start off at the bar before being seated for your meal."  but only if there is quality to back it up. Do not waste your time or money if you are anticipating FABULOUS Italian food Not terrible...just way overpriced for what it is...For their prices  and our server Jeff was a true delight. I highly recommend Marcellino!!" Obviously this is a good restaurant and I don't mean to take away from that but for me it just wasn't a hit - especially considering the cost." The cherry on the top? The cheesy lounge singing performer at dinner. Really? Am I in a vegas lounge? Save the money and your palette. I'm sure there are other excellent places in Scottsdale -- I was only hoping Marcellino's was one of them. Unfortunately I was with a very large group that they handled very well.  Each most of us ordered one of the specials and all were great with freshly made pasta.  Excellent service.  that coupled with the romantic decor and ambiance make this a 5 star dinning establishment  if you are looking for an authentic Italian dinner with incredible service and owners that really care about their restaurant The owner is so friendly and he came over to the table to talk to us.  The service was impeccable.  I cannot recommend it highly enough if you are in the scottsdale az"  but not great.  I ordered the pappardelle in a lamb ragu.  Ragu was salty.  My wife ordered the linguini with lobster.  Lobster was a bit rubbery and dish had very little flavor.  I will not return."  best ever. My husband ordered some special mushroom infused pasta.. It was also delicious. I would definitely return  the bread and dipping sauce they bring out is wonderful!  I think the reason it was so empty is because it is a bit pricy....for lunch.  We loved it though.  I look forward to going back!" Cold scallops followed after a very long wait by hardly cooked lukewarm pasta. Even though they took it off the bill they wanted to charge two bottles of wine even though we only had one." MLVKDbuI2xaOJQ4-NZj2MQ  obviously it had sat in the kitchen.  We sent back two meals and they brought tasteless pasta dishes and kept the two expensive meals on the bill. They left the table with our  dirty dishes sitting in front of us for 40 minutes.  Once we were not happy our server disappeared as did the other staff. Due to our daughters tears when we complained Excellent service and food.   Black ink pasta with seafood is delicious.  Try the mozzarella with tomatoes.  Parking can be a little challenging but there are valet options close. Marcellino's was an amazing romantic dinner experience.  I had their fresh pasta w/mushroom truffles and lobster.  The combination was amazing.  I also had the white wine that's made by a friend in Italy.  It was tantalizing and really lingered on my pallet.  The homemade tiramisu was a blissful ending to dinner.  The staff is attentive and very helpful. Best pasta I have ever had. Don't go there if you're looking for a two-pound chicken parm or endless breadticks. BTW my next door table mates had the same entree and similar comments." I cannot wait to go back to this place... on a different date with a different guy. But only if he's paying!" I can't say enough good things about Marcellino.  It's our ""GO TO"" place in Phoenix." other than that Great!"  and Marcellino is a wonderful person. He doesn't pander to people; instead he understands the beauty of well-prepared food and hopes people will discover this for themselves" "I think Marcellino's will get a second chance for a special occasion.  I visited the restaurant based on seeing it on Check Please Arizona.  The food is obviously made fresh and was excellent but I felt a little overpriced based on other excellent restaurants in the area.  Although the atmosphere was romantic Service and dessert are middle of the road but I'm there for the pasta!" Went with my wife for just dessert. Had one of the best tiramisu. Live music was great. Bit pricey. The Tiramisu was excellent and I'm truly sorry to say I wasn't able to experience more of their great food! Will definitely be back on the next trip!" MLVKDbuI2xaOJQ4-NZj2MQ "This is the single best restaurant in Arizona. I have been here several times and it is consistently delicious. Eating at the chef's island is lots of fun MLVKDbuI2xaOJQ4-NZj2MQ  why would the owner refuse to do so ?  I've seen this happen twice at this restaurant and both time guests have been put in unpleasant positions while ruining their dining experience.    Its too bad that there are not that many great italian restaurants in the Phoenix - Scottsdale area  heck maybe anywhere. It isn't just good for AZ. It's actually good. Seriously this compares to east coast Italian. Everything was cooked perfectly. The party I was with consumed a great deal of wine  the food was less than mediocre.  Ravioli special with spinach and ricotta was like sand  but from what I could see seemed to be nicely decorated.  It was not too noisy.  I had the Strozzaprete ai Broccoli di Rape.  The pasta was supposed to be two colors  but I wish we would have ordered the Tortelloni that was stuffed with Filet mignon and sauted vegetables.  I think maybe it is not a good time for mussels right now and possibly a vendor/supplier issue?  I had a bad experience with them at a different establishment last week I had an amazing meal here. Top 3 Italian meals ever. Great service and homemade pastas. Worth the price of admission Walked in on a Sat night.  Very accomodating.  They had a special. 3 corses with wine pairings.  We asked if we could pick the corses and theynchoose the wine.  NO PROBLEM.  Johnny was great!  The lamb shank with pasta was my favorite.  They even had someone softly playing guitar and singing.  Very nice.  Would definitely come back. "Brilliant - Server Scott was all over us! Fresh made pasta - ambiance perfect. Would go back again and again! Thank Chef Many classic dish are offered and many different cut of pasta. The quality doesn't justify the stiff prices. Just ok!" "The chefs ""daily"" pastas were some of the best I've ever had. I got a huge tortilini with steak and vegatbles pured inside. The ambience is very nice but the arrangement of the tables isn't the best. That's why it's not getting 5 stars. Other wise I would recommend this to anyone craving Italian food." Great place. Loved it. Good starters loved every bite. Pasta fantastic. And lastly loved the Tiramisu. Will be back "Great food.  Top 1 or 2 restaurants in az for Italian. Atmosphere is fun "We have just finished a dinner at the Citizen Public House and were still not just feeling like going home yet. Maybe grabbing another drink and a little bite to eat before we go home. It was after 9pm Saturday night. We naturally strolled around Marcellino's on our way back to garage and I said: ""What about trying this before we go?!"" Told the hostess we are looking for a drink and maybe a little bite to eat and we would not mind sitting at the bar. She told us nothing is available for another 45 mins Based on other reviews I expected to be wowed.  It is a nice restaurant but noisy and our pasta was good but not as flavorful as I hoped. Great place for a typical night out but not for a special occasion.  very romantic with candles and roses. You also get free bread with a dip which was tasty.  I wasn't a fan of the cheesecake wish it had crust on the bottom. This place also is very pricey and portions weren't that big. Overall great experience and would come back." "Mediocre at best. Nothing was outstanding - for the prices  and 3 pieces of carrots and were charged 9.95 for! unbelievable that they don't have any hesitations with charging you that much after the vegetarian pasta was almost 33 bucks! Anyways  which in a nice restaurant is always great not to get a dirty look.  The waiter offered to do a half pasta for my little guy.  We loved the pasta.  I had one with braised beef that was so good.  My wife got a mushroom truffle pasta it was amazing.  My little guys gnocchi was a little fancy for him but he are them happily.  All the pasta is home made here.  My wife said it's her new favorite nice iris loan restaurant.   If you're looking for a date night this place is perfect.  Also I forgot to fill out the tip and sign and they came and found me!   I really appreciated them trying to find me instead if just adding whatever tip they wanted.   Great service.  Food came out quickly The worst experience in my life. The menu is not clear and the waitress did a horrible job describing the ingredients.  considering the size of our group." We went for our 5 year wedding anniversary. We had been several times before and the food was memorable. This evening it was nothing like our previous experience. The dishes were all lacking flavor. I ordered the ravioli which I was so looking forward to and I was extremely disappointed. It was lacking flavor and was no where near the tasty dish I remembered from before. We also ordered the clam and muddle appetizer which tasted like rubber doused in water. We left spending $150 and wishing we went to Hillstone or another restaurant for our special evening out.  perfection! We both had a cocktail. I can't remember what my husband had and I had the chocolate.tini We both had the same reaction about the drinks good but we weren't wow'ed and they both were little smaller than we expected for the price. The singer was great and a nice addition to the evening. My husband appreciated that they allowed him to sit outside at  the farthest table from the entrance so he could have a cigar "We love this place! We've been a few times and have always had a great time and a fantastic meal. The last time we were there I really enjoy this place the food is good and the service is excellent. Marcellino and his wife are very friendly.. they make you feel at home. My wife and I enjoy the freshly made pasta and seafood. The only thing I miss is the old location...the Scottsdale place is very nice but the old location made you feel that you were some where else plus the opera singers that would attend the old location...omg it was awesome. Don't get me wrong the new place is beautiful but I still miss the old location:(  but is within the expected range for a classy Scottsdale establishment. One downside is that I would not recommend the mussels appetizer as the mussels are tiny. The desserts are homemade and decent although not something I would write home about. Truly the main course is the crown jewel of this establishment's menu This is hands down the best Italian food I've had since leaving the east coast.  If you are looking for authentic Italian food  calamari and a 3/4 lb. lobster in a spicy marinara sauce. It was easily one of the most enjoyable Italian dishes I've tried yet (and I consider myself to be quite the Italian cuisine connoisseur). I will definitely be back to enjoy this neighborhood gem situated on the Waterfront in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale."  I have to say that Ristorante Marcellino is now ranked #1 in my list of favorite places all up. The food (straccetti al tartufo Very nice atmosphere.  Great bartender!  Food was overpriced for pasta. We sat on the patio and were surprised by the fact that a dog ran into the restaurant (not a service dog) and then the owner picked it up and was seated on the patio.  The owner of the dog processed to kiss the dog at the table tongue and all.  It was unsettling lucky we had already finished our meals.  Very odd that an upscale Scottsdale restaurant would allow this.  We would probably not go back Needless to say we won't be back." A must on your schedule of restaurants to visit in Scottsdale."  but atmosphere and music.  The food is divine.  The restaurant is first class and the owners are like your best new friend.  I love this place! Will always bring my family  I expect a bit more in the presentation and the development of character in the sauces.  Perhaps we just need to get something other than the pasta if we ever return." MLVKDbuI2xaOJQ4-NZj2MQ  or the sorbet are ver nice. Probably won't go back next time we are in town since there are soooo many choices in the area." Not only amazing cuisine but the restaurant family that is there makes it as though you are a guest in their home. You will be hooked and a frequent guest!!" This was hands down the best Italian food I have ever eaten in my entire life. Every single detail of each course was the best Italian food I have eaten in my 29 years on this earth. I will be back again and again and again and again and again. "I've been looking for that place in Scottsdale that is like cheers where everybody knows your name and the food is phenomenal.   I found it this trip at Marcellinos.  I dined here two nights in a row and had the best food and entertainment experience that I've had in Scottsdale. I had a chicken dish  the yummy Italian bread is served with an eggplant/roasted red pepper pure ...amazing !"  so we get that everyone isn't really in their ""best service moods"" but that shouldn't be an acceptable out for not caring about all the people who are about to spend a good amount of money on their special night out at your restaurant! At least fake a smile "The only reason why I would give this place 4 stars out of the 5 was because of the wait. The food was absolutely incredible and the environment was so romantic. I love it! BUT it was my birthday dinner so I made a reservation there  the environment or the service that justified the cost. You are left with the impression that the target diner is an unassuming tourist sent by the hotel concierge and who doesn't have a backup plan when they see the menu and they can't leave."  savannah was so pleasant and adorable I might add. Our server Daniel was just unbelievable. The food though was the best Italian food I have ever had.  I had a chance to meet the owners and they are just fun and wonderful and sweet as honey. Would highly recommend this place it is an experience you won't soon forget."  beautiful ambiance. Everything is just right. Amazing wines handmade pastas and memorable service. I always have a great experience. Love talking with chef. Great date spot. Nice location. Pricy but well worth it. Get the porcini infused handmade pasta with lobster and truffle cream sauce. Life...changed. Go here  and had to ask for it after we already received our meals. It came with some sort of chilled red spread that was never explained. We asked after the end of the meal and the waitress said it was an eggplant and sundried tomato mix. While we said that we were celebrating a birthday the waitress said that they did not do anything complementary but that they would do a nice presentation of a dessert if we wanted one. We said no thank you but she brought us a nice free biscotti plate that said ""happy birthday"" on it Visited for Restaurant Week and was disappointed. Portions were very small for the prix fix $44.00. The select menu was mainly pasta. Salad of field greens was tasteless. I had the salmon which was very small and bland. Not sure how an Italian restaurant has only one veal dish. The atmosphere is nice with both inside and out dining. My favorite Italian restaurant in Old Town hands down. Homemade pasta here is the best and they have a variety of options. You will definitely find fresh homemade pasta here. This restaurant is beautiful with a very intimate setting. I had their pasta special and it was outstanding. I paired my meal with their Italian red wine. Yum yum.  so I had to try Marcellino's! The chef even greeted our table at the end of the meal and was a great host. Another surprising part was the dessert. It is served with a flaming sugar cube that gives an extra little detail to a delicious end of meal. I ordered the tiramisu which was to die for. A great place for any intimate dinner setting or a celebratory meal. Will be coming back in the near future!" Great place for a business dinner But I forgave them and I had a wonderful date experience  Chef Marcellino and the entire staff enough for the memorable meal we had Saturday night. We wanted to celebrate my mother's birthday and last minute The food here is absolutely delicious.  We came for Mother's Day and my family could not of picked a better place to celebrate.  The food and service was awesome all around.  Marcellino Ristorante is definitely a special occasion place it is expensive but worth every penny.  Nice touch at the end when they gave all mom's a free homemade dessert. I did get black truffle on my pasta though so I suppose you do get what you pay for. Mmmmm black truffle - that's umami right?" We also checked out there non-Restaurant Week offerings and will be heading back for those." "Definitely the best Italian cuisine in the valley by far.  They're specialty handmade pasta is like nothing you've ever experienced before. To top it off Marcellino has perfected the chocolate cake. The ambiance  however; I'm there for the food! And it's tadiefawr!! We had the special appetizer which was a Buffalo mozzarella with prosciutto and olive oil drizzle. Salads were fresh and crisp. I went with the veal scalopine and it was incredible. They offered options and variations of some dishes which gave you the ability to mix and create a  little. I would love to try sometime for lunch. There was music on the patio outside but we were in the restaurant area. Now that it has cooled down We had such a lovely experience. This will definitely be our go-to for special occasions." The carpaccio di manzo was OK but I felt that the carpaccio was over powered by the arugola. This was followed by the fagottino di pollo. I have never had chicken that was so tough that it was hard to cut with a knife. It was quite the disappointment for what I was anticipating to be a wonderful experience. We cut our losses after that and ended the night elsewhere. "I ate here a few months ago with 3 co-workers and loved everything about the experience. We had several pasta of the day choices and were pleased with all of them. The limoncella was excellent and house made. Pricey  you have too good of a restaurant to allow that kind of behavior. I would recommend this restaurant "Visited the restaurant for our club's holiday lunch yesterday with about 20 people. Pleasing a group is always hard; this time every single guest had praise for the restaurant from food to service. Most ordered from the special lunch menu which offered a handful of different selections from starters to main course  was SO knowledgable about the food. When she was going through the pasta specials (pasta made in house and on display on a plate that Vita was showing us) we were absolutely shocked at the amount of detail of ingredients she was able to remember and sell us on. We chose the spinach ricotta ravioli that came with a light butter sauce and my boyfriend chose a pasta with portobello mushrooms and lobster All together the experience was one which I would like to forget and we quickly left once our entries were finished. After spending a good portion of my life traveling all over the world and having a mother who assessed hotel hospitality They sat us in the little romantic cove in the wall which was super cute and cozy. We were so lucky to end up having Eric take care of us last night. His knowledge of food and wine pairing was outstanding I don't have enough good words to say and he was so friendly and passionate. We chose the beef carpaccio dish with a glass of white wine to start. Then he suggested the osso bucco for my boyfriend and I chose the tortellini but sauced with a black truffle savory sauce rather than the traditional red. And lemme tell you "This was the second time that I visited Marcellino and it did not disappoint. Went here with my fianc and my dad and we all enjoyed the delicious food and amazing service from our waiter Leo and all of the staff. Started off with the mussels and burrata infused with black truffles which had really awesome flavor. Entrees included  lamb pappardelle "So we decided to come here for our fifth anniversary- kinda a big one if you ask me. I will say the food was delicious. We had the squid ink pasta with seafood and also the mushroom pasta with lobster. The food was delicious which is why this review gets two stars. But- I called well in advance to make this reservation Holy cow ce the bartender is amazing!!!!every flippin time i come here he always makes amazing drinks.also the food is amazing.i love it here so much and cant wait till my next visit!  scallops and shrimp in a spicy red sauce. It was one of the best pasta dishes I've ever had!  My husband loved his pasta as well. Definitely a very pricey meal "This has to be one of my most favorite Italian restaurants in Scottsdale.   What I like about this place is their pastas are all handcraft daily.  My favorite pasta is their ribbon pasta. It is exquisite!  That being said my most favorite dish is their gnocchi.....   I have been to some of the finest Italian restaurants throughout the US  will definitely return. Your hostess had a less then friendly greeting when we arrived to a less then half full restaurant with a ""you don't have a reservation? Well let me see if there is anything we can put together for you"" comment. Looking thought reviews it seems as though this is a familiar issue. I would have given a 5 star if the staff was more friendly and welcoming. Kitchen is outstanding!!!!"  fantastic and friendly staff. Good for a romantic or dinner with friends.  Marcellino likes to walk through the dining room and great the guests once or twice during the evening adding a nice touch to the experience." Would I go back...no thank you...bitterly disappointed"  i have to give marcellino's high marks for some of the best pasta and tiramisu i've ever had! we ordered the off menu ravioli and tortellini dishes which were delicious and they were kind enough to let us split the entrees. the tiramisu was fantastic "We stopped in for a glass of wine. They had an amazing selection and a full bar. We did not have the chance to eat anything but have been planning our return trip. What a hidden gem This was a very nice experience in Scottsdale. The ambiance was great they had a band which was a little to loud it was sometimes hard to talk but other than that it was very nice inside. They had indoor and outdoor seating available. The service was very good and our food was excellent. The handcrafted pastas are the best! Great Italian food! Went with my girlfriend and parents. Perfect restaurant for introducing her to the parents. Great food and service. We went Saturday night and there was live music -- volume was good and did not interfere with conversation. Strongly recommend this place. The pastas are delicious!  friendly and attentive. I love sitting outside! Perfect for a romantic date night! I will definitely return and will definitely recommend!"  but way overpriced for the portions you get.   I think of Italian food as you get a lot Some of the best Italian food I've ever eaten! Any time I travel to Scottsdale I must dine here. And I plan company dinner events here too. Chef and Sima and Bettina are so accommodating and engaging. Every meal I've had has felt like it was made especially for me. I recommend Marcellino to anyone and everyone I know will be anywhere near. Scottsdale. Deliizioso! This is a nice restaurant but be careful what you order as it can be expensive. I've dined at some of the best restaurants in the world but don't think I've seen a $50 pasta dish before.  can't give these guys 5 stars.  They are pretty good.  The value can be a little questionable  to bringing out fresh silverware and side plates between courses was constantly being done without ever needing to ask. The service was GREAT. The current pasta specials were presented and what they were paired with was explained. Next time we will have to get the gnocchi. There were options for vegetarians Probably some of the best Italian food I've ever had. A little pricey but you get what you pay for "Great Italian food and served in a super cute atmosphere.  The service was good and our waiter was very attentive to our table. The food was great...we started with the Gnocchi which was wonderful! I had the Chicken Marsala and also tried some of the Lasagna...both were fantastic.  The best part of the night was the wonderful Chianti that was suggested to us and the shot of Sambuca that was brought to us after our dinner hqVbmZNLTdR2y7G7oJu9vg  just very good food and excellent service. A must try." The best part was the birthday shot that my mom "Went to Tutti i Santi with a group of friends.....the hostess was very nice and we got seated right away even without a reservation. The server was extremely attentive... we got water and the wine arrived at the table a few minutes after we ordered. The group started with the fried calamari with a side of marinara  but the service at the bar was great.  The people who worked there were friendly as well as the patrons.  Small bar This would have been an easy four star review but the sub-par service killed it for me. They may have been busy  you can't fake diarrhea."  so the visits are not as frequent as I would like."  we were bowled over by the bill.  How could a meal so forgettable come out to $150 for the two of us?  Was the wine that expensive? No.  Did we order anything extraordinary? No. Are we going back? You already know the answer..."  you can't have a perfect dinner with shitty service." Warning.. it is a little on the pricey side. The ambience is very nice and it is worth it." The service was prompt and friendly.  Overall it was a nice experience." I love this place. The best ravioli in the city. The gnocchi is also amazing. They are really kid friendly. They prepare a wonderful chicken breast and vegetables for my son with allergies. The decor could use some sprucing up.  nothing else. The dressing was pretty bland too. I don't think I would return on purpose. The only really positive things I can say are 1. I did not have to pay because I was on company business and 2. It was better than Olive Garden" I'm so excited to have found it - my new favorite Italian place - and really reasonable prices  can't wait to go back again soon!" CONCLUSION: Wasn't too impressed with the food... maybe should have tried the ravioli and gnocchi that everyone raves about. Great ambience and service though."  ""...there's no substitute for quality and freshness!"" And she also proved that her affection for great food extends to her affection for her patrons Excellent food and a great atmosphere. The tortellini in cream sauce is close to the best in the city. The eggplant parm is slice very thin which makes it A+. A must try!  but if you've haven't had them it's a must try." "I often crave the ravioli.  Little pillos of cheese in a tomato sauce splashed with a hint of cream.  Delicious.  The rest of the menu is standard Italian fare.  They restaurant is friendly and kind We will definitely visit again."  thin and tasty. I think this is a great place to meet friends or bring out of towners. I have been a fan of Chef Nina and her restaurants for many many years." The best ravioli I've ever had.  And the gnocchi was wonderful as well.  The pasta is all so fresh - anything must be good here.  Great waiters - and flaming shot of sambuca with coffee beans to wish on at the end...nice touch. Attentive service and plenty of seating indoors and outdoors."  attentive staff and amazing handmade pasta make this a winner!" This place is a little hidden gem. The food was fantastic. A little bit of Italy in Phoenix. Everything we had tasted fresh and perfectly seasoned. I'll be back!  but the food makes up for it. The martini's were expensive and not that great. Pasta is made right at the restaurant. Highly recommend getting some pasta! Staff was friendly."  service was impeccable and the specials were original and tasted phenomenal!"  and the servers were very nice when we stayed so late!"  and the ambiance was a little too lacking to make it a special ""date night"" spot. I do know I'm going to be thinking about those ravioli for a long time  this place gets 3 out of 5 stars.   It's very likely I won't be back  and the service was all I could have asked for. I have never had ""authentic Italian food"" (my only experience was the Olive Garden) and now I know what I was missing. The food was so delicate and quaint  knowledgeable and right there when we needed her. And the food was delicious. Our appetizers "OMG. I have not been to this restaurant ion over 3 years and it was always good but never really think about it much. Tonight I visited and it received 5 stars for a number of reasons. The first foremost is the food is outstanding! we sat at the bar like we do at most places and weer quickly greeted by the giddy bartender. I ordered wine husband a lemon drop martini. The bartender made the lemon drop and added a splash of Rasp liqueur in at the end to make it ""extra special. Quickly a hot basket of garlic bread arrived. Yay luv garlic bread. We ordered stuffed mushroom to start. Not my choice but hey they were good. It was so difficult deciding what to order due to their amazing menu. I finally decided on a shrimp fettuccine dish that was prepared with cognac  had a hard time reading menu.  A bit more uplighting "What a great find! We purchased a deal chicken for this restaurant as we had never tried before. We had an absolutely fabulous dinner start to finish. We started with Caprese salad and stuffed mushrooms both were very good  but to say they are giving $144 worth of food when dividing portions in less than half left us feeling ripped off.  Perhaps if they would have disclosed beforehand that the portions were smaller than the regular menu this would have been a different type of review.  It has certainly given me pause to consider something like this in the future - before purchasing it might be a good idea to contact the restaurant and ask.....live and learn."  Guys. We had an excellent time."  decent food. The live guitarist was a little tacky and annoying--sloppy and loud Brazilian and Spanish ballads (not especially Italian I went tonight alone for dinner.  I stayed next door at the Hilton and waled over.  I had a Salad with a good italian dressing.  They brought Garlic Bread.  I  had a Soda and water.  Each beverage was filled as needed.  My main course was Eggplant and Pasta. It was very good.  Owner came over and said hello.  They brought me a shot of Sambuca after dinner.  All for $18 dollars...a great value.  and the food is amazing. I had the snapper and it was superb. It was served with linguini in a red sauce that had a slight kick. Pasta was perfectly prepared. My husband had the orange roughy which was in lemon caper sauce and was delicious "Looking for a place to dine with friends from California that was not overly expensive but good food was easy. The reviews of this place were great and when we did arrive a couple at another table were cleaning their plates to the last drop. We asked them what they had and they raved about the ravioli and gnocchi.  So that's what we ordered and we were not disappointed! Service was exceptional and food was wonderful. Unfortunately  their way of saying thanks.  The service was above average and the cuisine hit the spot with me  an evening out with a big group or just want to chill at the bar and talk with the bartender. No matter what you go there for  very attentive waiters!! They gave one in our party a free dessert as it was his birthday!! Just love that place!! Been there twice!! Never got anything less than a memorable experience!!!"  great atmosphere ! Always have an enjoyable experience every time we dine here." Genuine italian old-style restaurant where the food as well the service lived up to my high expectations. Well worth the relatively high prices. I'll be back! I love Tutti Santi on 16th St! The service is always top-notch. The setting is authentic Italian. It is the one place in town where I can get orange roughy-my favorite fish. It is prepared in the most divine lemon/caper sauce with artichoke hearts-truly spectacular. I love the flaming Sambuca at the end of the meal. Fantastic hand-made pastas.  The ravioli and gnocchi were amazing.  Brought the family in for a nice dinner over spring break.  Service was attentive and spot-on.  Wine was good but expensive.  Half- orders of spaghetti bolognese were plenty for my daughters. "Stopped by after a Pilates class in that strip mall and was so pleasantly surprised by this unassuming restaurant. Great service and they were happy to cater to our picky dietary requests. I had a sea bass special and replaced the linguine w perfectly steamed veggies. Delicious. A nice and reasonably priced italian Pinot noir and a complimentary after dinner drink. Oh """Great food and service. Would be good to have a kids menus to make it 5 stars." I looked at their website and saw they have other locations with dif. menu.  It seems like all the others have the same menu where they do fresh pasta.  This location is the only that is different. Will have to try it somewhere else."  so if you're dieting beware. My lasagna was just ok. The salas was very good and I compliment their use of leaf lettuce We had a wonderful experience and the meal was great." Thank you Yelpers for your review here. I took your advice and had a fantastic meal. Service was excellent and the food was wonderful. They over charged the gratuity and when we showed them the math they denied it only after asking for the manager they wrote in a new price. I will never go back. Even after all that we were standing out front at the benches saying our goodbyes when 2 different waiters came out and walked around the group. They seemed like they were trying to get us leave but I can't be positive."  each bite melted in ny mouth. Their Lasagna was so perfect and flavorful. The tender Lasagna topped with a mozzarella so perfect words cannot describe could easily be called the crown jewel of this restaurant. The spinach stuffed ravioli was second to none. Each bite was a teip to heaven in a buick le sabre driven by God himself. The service was easily the best I've ever had Looking for some Italian food after the cardinals game and found this place on yelp. We were not disappointed at all. This place was beyond good. The service was more than I expected and the food was so delicious. The waiter was great and not to mention hilarious. We left there full and happy. Definitely a must have if you're in the area. "The entire experience was exceptional.  I travel a lot for work and try new places and gamble on a great experience. Let me tell you Homemade fresh Pasta!!!! Great... outstanding food from the beginnings to the grand finale!!!!!!!!! One of our favorite Italian Restaurants in the valley "This restaurant was recommended by the hotel staff where we stayed while out of town. The place was packed and seemed like it was worth the wait. The food was delicious and everyone at our table  enjoyed their meal. Nina Great food! Friendly welcoming and fun staff. This food is incredible and the servers are so knowledgable! I've eaten here so many times! I know when I'm dining here ill always get the best authentic  Italian food In town. My family has eaten here for years we've celebrated birthdays and other special occasions! It's the place you take someone who you want to impress! It's fine dining at its best. We've taken business colleagues to out of town family and plan to continue to recommend it for years to come. Thanks for great experiences! Ralph and Courtney  this place is in walking distance of the hotel in a strip mall. What a fantastic meal and the service was as good!! We have a two year old and came in on valentines day. Not only were we welcomed in by a wonderful lady Pleasantly surprised.  Concierge at Hilton suggested and was dead on with this one."   even though it isn't listed on the menu as by the glass. This immediately won me over.  Had the house salad with their own very good balsamic vinaigrette.  Opted for the special that night A+ service the most Real and authentic Italian restaurant . The best ravioli in the world . Vincent took good care of us! Found on yelp and trusted the reviews. You should do the same.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed." "I've been several times and had a great meal every time. Quite formal The food was fine. My son got the red snapper as an alternative. It was very mediocre."  son and I just had dinner at Tutti Santi. We read the positive reviews and upon seeing that it was right near the pointe Hilton where we were staying we went there for dinner. The ambiance with the low lighting and an intimate setting was lovely. The calamari appetizer was very good and the dinner salad was simple and delicious  and minestrone.  On rare occasions they have Osso Bucco roasted veal lamb shank. It is superb.  If you are unsure what to try first on the menu  with salad and a cup of cream of  mushroom soup .  The salad was a balsamic vinigerette and it was pretty lame. It only came with one small tomato slice and no onions or pepperincinis like you get at many Italian Restaurants. The soup was ok and the Chicken Al Momento was ok  hqVbmZNLTdR2y7G7oJu9vg  but I'm glad I did.  I normally steer clear of anything with ricotta cheese but decided to go for it.  The ravioli was homemade with ricotta cheese and spinach.  It had a mixture of white and red sauce and was delicious.  The sauce was just enough to cover the ravioli but not over-bearing.  The hubs had the chicken florentine and it was also very good. I'm not exactly sure what kind of sauce it had but it tasted like a wine sauce of sorts.  It came with two decent sized chicken breasts covered in spinach and topped with sauce with a side of penne pasta that had what I assume was a tomato-type sauce.  Very good!  They provide you with a basket full of delicious and plentiful garlic bread.  The service was great and the atmosphere was very nice.  It's located in the corner of a strip mall.  We wore jeans with nice shirts  this dessert is a great way to end a wonderful meal." "Honestly this is the best Italian food I've ever had. The only bummer is that it's ruined Italian food for anywhere else I go.  Pretty much anything you order is incredible. The ravioli and eggplant parmesan are my 2 favorites and my husband loves the lamb. Whenever we do go out for Italian I can't wait to come back!" "I'm not sure that I've ever post a 5 star rating before. My wife and I decide to have out anniversary dinner at Tutti Santi.  The reviews were positive so we gave it a try. We were not disappointed. The meal started with warm garlic bread. The waiter built a rapport immediately. The drinks came promptly. Our food order was the house specialty of ravioli and a veal dish.  Both orders were exceptional. What topped off the experience was Trace "Found this place tonight after searching on yelp for a local restaurant. When we walked in we were greeted warmly by the staff. Vincent was his name and he was quite the gentleman hqVbmZNLTdR2y7G7oJu9vg Excellent    Great food   Strong drinks   Excellent service   Homemade lasagne was tremendous     Definitely worth the drive ! "Amazing Chicken Fiorentina and the Agnello is their lamb shank where the meat fell off the bone. Great time with friends and Sambuca after completed the night. If you ever been to Italy Excellent service and food!! The Raviolis are a Must! Chicken Parm and lasagna are the Best I've had.  and one dressing selection. And whoever heard of an Italian restaurant that didn't offer minestrone soup?? They offered cream of broccoli ( not Italian ). We ordered the gnocchi and it was way too doughy.  The waiter was cocky and screwed up our order too...Overall we were very disappointed." If I lived in this area I would eat at this restaurant all the time. it puts chain Italian restaurants to shame!  If I'm ever back in this area I will have to return here. I hope you try it out and have a great experience like we did!"  and the dessert were absolutely delicious. Service was excellent. I highly recommend this place."  making me feel right at home) and extremely friendly and attentive. The place was quite busy (it was a Friday night) but there was no lag time on getting my food. Seeing as I come out to AZ for business fairly regularly Terrible service. Sat there for almost 2 hrs saw waiter 3x and took an hour to get our soups and salads.  Would not go back bc of service.  Table was never cleaned off from drinks and water never refilled "Great food and old school Italian food!  Went for my hubby's birthday back in Oct  each bite melted in ny mouth. Their Lasagna was so perfect and flavorful. The tender Lasagna topped with a mozzarella so perfect words cannot describe could easily be called the crown jewel of this restaurant. The spinach stuffed ravioli was second to none. Each bite was a party that started in my mouth and ended in my belly! The service was easily the best I've ever had "I love the food here!! I have been here so many times and everything on the menu is delicious. If you are looking for authentic Italian food then you should definitely try this place. Besides the food being yummy  and the atmosphere is really nice." Best homemade raviolis & veal Canneloni. We will definitely come here again. Thanks Trace for your awesome service  but the food more than made up for it. Appetizers were very good. Recommend the calamari. All the pasta dishes were delicious - portions were generous. Will definitely be back."  the food is excellent. Try the chicken imperial and ravioli."  especially Italian.  Chicken Della Casa was good although a little too salty.  Deserts were awesome." We went to dinner for New Years Eve and everything was wonderful.  We usually go to Tutti Santi in Glendale but it was closed for renovation.  We were really happy we got to experience such a magical restaurant. "I have been to Tutti Santi about four times and each time it gets better. I am so humbled by the generosity and comfort this place brings. Honestly they treat you like family and I don't know about anyone else Amazing food. Service was spectacular and atmosphere was conducive for actually having a conversation. I absolutely love this place and these people. Even though they barely know me haha. Ambience is good for dates to dinner parties. The bar is quaint and intimate. The food is fresh and authentic. Ugh the ravioli and calamari are amazing. You won't want any other Italian after you've had some tutti Santi. I send my guests here all the time and they always have a good time and love the food. They never disappoint. What a wonderful meal.  We made a reservation and unfortunately to wrong restaurant - but on a busy Friday night we were squeezed in.  So glad we were.  Our dinners were fantastic Chicken Parmesan and Pesto shrimp special.  It was so good we finished the rest Saturday night. The Service was spot on as well.  If your from he North East and are looking for a fantastic Itialian spot look no further.  tutti Santi your going to have a few more regulars!!!!  we will return next week while we are here and hopefully every year we come back. Hopefully next week we get to meet the notorious ""mama"" who started this delightful eatery." One of the best Italian Experiences I had in Phoenix.Would recommend to anyone who loves a fine dining place. Two reasons why i still have this place three stars and only these two reasons. The food was phenomenal as always! And Roberto who I am almost positive was not our server treated us with crazy good service and mad us feel special and welcomed not the same could be said of our ""server"" who was laughing it up with the table next to us but could even greet us till 10 min after we sat down. The gracious host grabbed us waters. And suggested wine for us which was much appreciated and very sweet. All in all I honestly don't know if I'll be back." "We came here with a group of 13 to celebrate my daughters graduation from ASU and could not have chosen a better place!  The food was absolutely delicious.  The minute we walked in the door we felt like we were welcomed into the ""Tutti Santi"" family.  We had impeccable service throughout the meal with our server and Robbie continued that wonderful customer service and welcoming our group by entertaining our 12yr old with some special magic tricks.  He's amazing and our celebration was made so special because of Robbie and the staff.  If this place can impress college students This is by far one of my most favorite places in town. The food is outstanding and the service is the BEST! You must try it. You will want to go back often I promise! Try the Veal Franchisee  our table was ready- again! Happened the last time I was there...  Everyone is attentive but not intrusive! Then there is Robby- the guy really knows how to make everyone feel like they belong there! He really makes the place feel ""approachable""" All of their food tasted very fresh and the textures were spot on.  I can't wait to return to this place soon.  It's a 40 min drive from my area to the restaurant but it's so worth it!" "My family and I were visiting Arizona and stayed at a hotel nearby. We googled ""best Italian restaurants in Phoenix"" and this restaurant came up so we thought we would give it a try. We had a such a great experience at this restaurant! The vibe is very authentic Italian  NY style Cannoli. Incredible casing and filling like my days in growing up in New York. The food was a very solid 4.5 stars. What took my rating to 5 stars was the customer engagement and service. My server was Vincent. What an interesting We think that we'll be back!" Absolutely loved this place. True Italian ambience. Best Italian food I've had in a long time. Our waiter was the best. Will definitely be going back next time I visit my son. If you are anywhere near this spot deserves a trip." Thanks for the memories Tutti Santi!" This place is amazing!  My family and I came here for dinner before I had to catch a flight back home.  Vince was our server and I highly recommend him!!  He was so accommodating to the fact that we had less than an hour to eat our dinner.  He was so great to us.  The food was delicious!!  I highly recommend the bolognese with sausage.  Very scrumptious and the bread they serve you first is delicious as well.  Definitely recommend this establishment if you're in the area. If you're looking for good Italian food I recommend Tomasos or North."  knowing that he had already explained what the special soup was but I asked what it was because I thought there was more than that and then he huffed and puffed so instead of explaining myself to him I just ordered the salad because he was being rude. I also had the Italian cappuccino which I can't handle non flavored so it was a bit hard for me to drink all of it without having two packets of sugar. I shared with my best friend. For dessert I had the tiramisu which is my all time favorite dessert/cake. It was alright. I know every place makes it different but I would have to say I like it better at Olive Garden. Which is sad cause I don't even know if it's homemade there. There is a chance that it's frozen from there. But if you do go there the food is pretty good. Just be careful which server you get." "This is a good neighborhood traditional Italian restaurant. The food has been great and consistent. Nice ambience with fun Dean Martin standard music. But the last few times  hands down! We go here for our birthday dinners and other good date nights. Such a treat!"  so I feel rather picky when it comes to Italian food.  Tutti Santi is my favorite Italian restaurant in Arizona.  The owner Robby and his mother Nina are great people and go out of their way to make you feel at home at Tutti Santi's.  The food is incredible and rather inexpensive from my perspective.  The home made raviolis are made fresh each day and I often bring friends and family in just to try them.  Everyone agrees that the Ravioli's are the best they have ever had anywhere! The calamari  but our experience was tainted by the server.  Our first interaction with the server was him walking up saying ""sup?"".. Not what we expected from a nice Italian restaurant.  Then instead of telling us the kitchen was closing and left it at that We had the raviolis for an app!!! Amazing!!!!! For dinner I had spaghetti and meatballs ( sausage) delicious! My husband had a Fish special ! We definitely will be back when visiting Arizona"  I ate it all!!!  Even the marinara sauce on the side of pasta was perfect.  My colleague had the Red Snapper and he was equally satisfied.  We decided to share the Tiramisu  which we were informed was housemade "Wow!!  Amazing food and great service.  Best Italian food I've EVER had We were staying at the Hilton up the street found this place on yelp. Was not disappointed at any course. We had the ravioli appetizer and demolished it in about 10 seconds. Yes it was that good. I had the veal marsala it was also amazing my wife had the eggplant parmesan and it was equally fantastic. The service was personable and fun at all levels. We will definitely be back when we are in Phoenix again.  was all wonderful. Our favorite Italian food in AZ."  and the way he made a lone diner feel comfortable and at home. I will be back the next time I'm in the area. Thanks Rob!" "This was a gem. Looked to Yelp for reviews and they were spot on. Old fashioned Italian restaurant decor for an old fashioned family style Italian meal. The food was excellent  try Tutti Santi.  I would avoid this restaurant at all cost for any special occasions - which is sad because it didn't used to be that way."  came by our table and offered to hold/entertain the baby while my husband and I enjoyed our dinner."  I highly recommend you go here; you will not be disappointed.  Our experience was worth every penny and then some.  A warm welcome  but they totally made it up to me with some free salad and dessert and the food was fantastic!" Nice experience and we will repeat. Thank You"  butter and capers. The Eggplant Parmesan was delicious as was the Cannoli for dessert. Excellent all the way around. It's a small place and can get intimate really fast if you have loud neighbors. Great choice and worth a visit when your looking for baci di dama." We came to Phoenix for spring training and stayed at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak resort.  What a terrific surprise that such a Wonderful authentic Italian restaurant was so close.  Great atmosphere.  Attentive staff.  I had the veal Marsala with fettuccini Alfredo and my sons had the spaghetti with meatballs.  All of it was fantastic.  The house salad was terrific and so was the bread they serve.  Enjoy! Thiis restaurant is by far not a 'keeper.'" "This is not your 'typical' Italian restaurant in the Valley. This is the REAL deal! Every bite was a splendor of authenticity. In addition to the magnificent food We stayed at the Hilton around the corner and walked over to Tutti Santi's based on Yelp reviews.  Food was delicious and the staff was outstanding.  Everything from the salad to the Ravioli and spicy shrimp pasta special was great. "Have gone twice since my family found this place a month ago.  All staff members are attentive and kind.  Wait staff is entertaining.  The food is so good and worth the price.  Clam Linguini "Amazing personalized service and the most fabulous food! Best Italian I've had (and I've been to Italy). Amazing service started with a phone call around noon asking if they served ""gluten free pasta"" as this was the closest Italian place to our Hotel while we were visiting. The owner  Trace actually rolled his eyes. He made us feel unwelcomed and uncomfortable.  all of our expectations from previous experiences fell far short of  this last visit." "The meal was excellent.  Our server was great.  I would defiantly return again A group was in there on Tuesday night April 26 during an out-of-town business trip. Five out of eight got food poisoning and all 5 ate the Caesar salad. It's unfortunate because we liked this place. However when they were called on it they were in denial and would not own the issue. Never going back here again.  Sad thing is how many other people got food poisoning that night. I don't typically eat Italian but I was invited to go here. The owner is incredibly cordial and hospitable and the food was incredibly delicious. Best salmon and veggies ever!" Best italian food in AMERICA !!!!! If you want to eat good Italian food there is only one place to go TUTTI SANTI !!!! Great service and beautiful restaurant!!  he ordered it... And I ate it because it was that good. Sorry babe! It's a long drive for us but we're willing to put on some mileage to come back here again. Oh This place is SO GOOD!!! My first time here and I'll definitely be back I got the spaghetti romantica with shrimp....my life might be changed forever tbh Gotta go see these folks!  Great stuff!"  and the other staff members for making me feel like a family member. I look forward to my next business trip in October to see my new friends again. I highly recommend this place to anyone who loves homemade pasta  and I'm not a cheapo. But the bill came to $39 for two entrees and one beer."  was off in a ""alternate dimension kinda"" way.   Like a Bizzaro Pizza.  Yeah.   I  felt oogy after I ate it.   Avoid the regular ice tea We passed up on dessert but not without the waiter bringing us some shots of their in house homemade limoncello!! OMG just ask how they make it and for some sugar on the rim if you like that sort of thing it was awesome!! That totally topped my night!! I cant wait to go back and try the eggplant parm next! My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Ciao Bello/Bella's!!" If you are going to spend fifty bucks on a meal you deserve better than this."  if you do go and enjoy liquor try the lemon cello. The owner makes it from scratch and its even better when you dip cannolis in it." kF8JDYpLnbf8AZS9gpHXJg "A crew of 12 of us descended upon Joey's at about 7:30p on a Saturday. We called ahead to let them know we were coming in and the could not have been more accommodating! We tried for about an hour and 5 different restaurants to find some place that could seat all of us "The eggplant  is smoky and delicious - the best I've had. The waitress told me it is roasted in the wood fire pizza oven. The bread is freshly made; the marinara pasta sauce just perfect. It is head and shoulders above the typical chain Italian restaurants. And while I like Red Devil's pizza  limited menu and all Italian is what I got.  The price was right but that was about it.  It was dead inside and service was slow and without a care  and I remembered why I have lived just a block away for seven years and have only been once. Way over-priced!!!! This place is trying to be something it is not. I'm sorry but it is more than olive garden and someone mentioned macaroni grill and pales in comparison. There is a reason that almost every single review on here mentions that they were either the only patrons in the place or close to it. I walked into this place seven years ago and looked at their menu prices and instead of just walking out Another reviewer described the decor as being in their grandparents house.  That's spot on." I love this place!! A friend and myself came in one day for dinner and I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and it was delicious! I just went back a second time and took my husband who had some of my left overs and had been wanting to go back. He got the spaghetti and sausage which was also amazing! We were told they make their own bread there and sausage which is a family recipe. I would highly  recommend this place and would go myself much more often if I lived closer to it.  which is fine by me. It was quiet and peaceful. The service was great and the food was hot and very cheesy! Loved it! The only beef that i have was the Marinara sauce. It was really watery and bland Do yourself a favor. Rather than coming here  amazing! In fact - we just got home after having a second drink & I felt the need to write a review! Family owned  i felt like i hadn't been able to catch up with my friends at all! (why we went out to dinner in the first place).  We came for the food and each others company and only left half satisfied (the food was good!)  one of my friends mentioned that they would feel awkward returning because they felt like the owner talked to us the whole time and controlled the conversation and doesn't want to go back to ""visit with the owner again"".  He is a friendly guy and just needs to know when or when not to include himself in a conversation Don't come expecting gourmet.  This was good  give Gordon Ramsay a call. Your place would make a great episode. It's just a shame I had the experience of eating in the 'before' version of this place."  and the place was clean but this is about all of the positive comments that I can make on Joey's California Bistro.  Too bad  daughter and I decided to try it out for dinner. My daughter ordered chicken fingers which were not that great. My mom ordered a chicken rigatoni which the noodles were crunchy and the sauce was bad. I ordered shrimp Alfredo and the shrimp and Alfredo sauce were spoiled. Service was very slow and the food was not edible. We have never sent food back If you want Italian food in the Deer Valley area  lasagna and tilapia and the quality of the food was good. Touching on the other reviews I think the issue with spot is how disconnected the staff is and owner trying to do too much. Bartender "I reluctantly sent my overworked husband to Joey's to bring home a carryout of chicken piccata and chicken Parmesan. First of all  yes its empty but I have had a nice dining experience food and atmosphere wise. Restaurant Impossible would love this place." "GROSS!!!!!!!My husband and I moved to the area about 2 yrs ago. I always see this place but have never tried it...Until last night. What a mistake that was. My mother and I were going to grab a bite before seeing a movie and she mentioned Italian. I did a local search on my phone and came up with this place. We walked in and the place was a complete hot and stuffy ghost town. We canceled our order of iced tea and water  so we could leave  a little pricey. For my family it was about $75 (2 adults and a child). But in my opinion it was well worth it." The staff if very nice. I got a salad to go and was disappointed when I got home. There was spring mix with maybe one tomato 3 slices cucumber halved and one (yes that is correct) one piece of cheese. This salad was $10. It tasted nice but wasn't worth the money. Everything was as described and tasted phenomenal. The smoked chicken rigatoni was incredible." My husband and I eat here almost every Friday night and love it.  They rotate their menu seasonally so there is always something new.  but the service was terrible. We had made a reservation days in advance yet still the staff seemed unprepared for our service. We sat for ages until we finally had to ask for them to take our orders. I believe I asked for wine 1st time here & the food was rich and delicious! We started with the Calamari appetizer. It was light yet hearty. That squid was huge! The marinara sauce was perfect. We ordered the Mushroom Ravioli and the Spinach Feta pizza. Both were very good. The servers were very kind & we had a great experience. We will definitely be back!!! "This place has been here for years. Very homey and it's like your in your grandma's kitchen! The owner is usually our server and very pleasent and attentive. There is usually not a lot of people here so you get extra attention which is nice. The food is very good Great Italian food at great prices. We had 7 people in our party and everyone loved their meal. Nice quiet place but is good for families with children. "Entering the restaurant I was welcomed with a warm smell of delicious food.  The atmosphere was very cute.  I'd imagine this place probably looks adorable at Christmas time.  Sadly I was disappointed with my meal.  I got the special: tilapia and artichokes in a lemon sauce with steamed vegetables on the side.  The tilapia was mediocre.  Fishier than normal for tilapia. My friend tried it and thought so too. I'm willing to give this place another shot Food was amazing! Service was personable but adequate. Empty place but worth the doubt!  the sauce tasted canned and it had rubbery canned mushrooms. It was not worth the $17 price for such an average meal. My son ordered the stuffed shells off the chalkboard outside. He got three stuffed shells in a meat sauce. We each got a very ""diner-like"" dinner salad with some lettuce  10 plus food! Try the veal marsala! Will bring family next time."  and fantastically friendly service! Natal is a great host  good food! Very good gnocchi. Their pizza is probably my favorite item on the menu. Wonderful place to enjoy sporting events. The owner opened @ 9:00 every morning of the World Cup Love the vibe here. Joey and his wife are amazing hosts. The food is good. I've had some great dishes. Pasta Fazol was really good. Nice little Italian spot. Good for date night. Loved the ambiance and the service. Food needs a little bit more seasoning but good option"  crisp and fresh...nicely dressed with a light Italian vinaigrette. The salmon was warm and cooked perfectly--the perfect balance to the cold salad.  The owner is always present  but better. My husband got the meat lovers pizza and I had the BBQ chicken. We split a half and half pizza but I wish we both would have ordered our own. The pizzas are pretty small Was excited to try this place giving the fact I'm from California and a bistro type of place would be awesome. More like a guido fest ran restaurant that should be called Tony's Titanic  but we both had meals we enjoyed. The conversation with the bartender wasn't so bad.  The booze choices were a bit minimal but mostly decent.  I would eat here again." It all started when my husband and I were hungry and decided to give this place a try and placed an order to go. We immediately fell in love with the food! We started coming at least once a week and are always satisfied. Food is amazing! Customer service is wonderful. Owner of the restaurant is extremely nice and friendly. We even brought a few of our friends from out of town and they loved it as well. We will keep coming back. My fave is the baked ziti. Yumm!!!! Highly recommend this place to everyone!!  my boyfriend judges the restaurant on their chicken parmigiana. We loved it! We also ordered a margarita pizza which was boasting with flavor as well. Homemade cannoli's to die for. Fantastic owner who works in his restaurant and really cares about his customers! We will definitely be back" "This place was okay only. The pizza was mediocre and service was strange to say the least. My boyfriend and I went for lunch  and bright enough for casual dinner and drinks with the guys or friends after work." This is a wonderful neighborhood gem.  The pizza crust and the focaccia are made in house daily.  Some of the daily specials are hand rolled in house as well.  The owner Natale is always on site and very welcoming.  I had the housemade cannelloni  with spinach and beef topped with vodka sauce.  Delicious! Great neighborhood spot discovered recently.  The food was delicious & service was outstanding. The owner was super friendly & very warm & accommodating!   Looking forward to going back & trying additional items on the menu. Food is overpriced and slop.  Wood fired pizza?  My pizza was soggy and doughy.  The environment was awkward and weird.  Many different servers and all were not very friendly -- just weird.  I definitely will not be coming back. Had dinner here tonight and it was so yummy!  We started off with bruschetta that was great. I had the lasagna which was better than my Italian daughter's lasagna! Not a fancy place but the food is worth enjoying. Yuck... please remind me not to stop here ever again... : (" Our burgers were thrown together and sloppy."  neither can this place BUT- you get it to go.  Eat it at home and you are A-OK."  the wait time for a small order is really long whether you are inside or through the drive thru.  They are no longer 24hrs so when you randomly get hungry at 3am like me The story aside the food delivered and we enjoyed it!"  its Cash only but open 24 hours- fabulous burritos and tacos when you have the munchies any time of day. I love their California burrito with a large Horchata nomnomnom" "By far the best taco shop in the valley. Their rolled tacos are delicious. I've had them dozens of time and they never disappoint. The restaurant is older and what you'd expect of a normal ""taco shop"" "Very good taco shop. Carne asada is awesome and so is chicken.this is real mexican taco shop stuff.  If you like Taco Bell stay away "I was in the area getting a wheel alignment done so I went for a stroll to find a place to eat. Came across Rolberto's so I stopped in. Its a typical roadside taco shop so I wasn't expecting too much. I ordered a breakfast burrito. The thing was huge and full of egg But restaurant always clean in dining area & staff always friendly."  just hit the drive thru...rockin burritos de carne asada" Been coming here since I was a kid. One of the best taco shops around. The food is always good. The California burrito is by far the best and I love their rolled tacos covered in guacamole and sour cream. The inside is always very clean. Don't let the worn out sign deter you the food is amazing and don't forget their hot sauce. They also finally accept credit cards for a 30 cent fee. One of the better 'tos i have been to in the valley. Sausage burrito was great. Service very friendly. Will try again. Delicious food!  Love this place!  I use the drive through.  The chimichangas are great.  I also love the deep fried beef tacos.  Fast service.  Affordable for a family of 5. Looks like a hole in the wall but the food is as good as a sit down restaurant!  but it's so delicious! I may be biased (I've been eating here for over 14 years!) but it's one of my three ""go-to"" Mexican spots. My normal dish is the four rolled taco special and I just LOVE it! Take your taquito I've never been inside. So glad they have a drive through. I am downgrading because they don't always respond to their drive thru customers. I'm not sure if the mechanism just doesn't work but it's really not very consistent. I sometimes just leave because I don't want to go inside.  It's not 'fast food' at all.  You do have to wait a bit and It's always hot and fresh...WHEN I can get it."  California burritos are to die for...with shoes string fries as the potatoes This place has the absolute best bean and cheese burrito the mixture is amazing it is it! "Great true Mexican food! Go through the drive food and they will have your food out quick! I recommend their California burrito or their ham  but manager apologized and gave extra chicken pieces and biscuits.  Opt for the extra crispy and spicy chicken." ""I noticed you had lip gloss on.""" The only things I have tried here are the chicken strips and the okra. Chicken was good. Okra is better at Cracker Barrel. *Update* 06-04-2013 :  The so called Texas Chicken was nothing like the advertisement and was just a non-breaded fried half chicken dusted with spices. It was so dry and was something I would never want to get again.  The ads looked so good too."  is it good.  Their flavor for the chicken is just so consistent every time and so tasty.  Their mashed potatoes are also great along with the fried okra.  The corn has always been bad every time we buy it...it always looks so good  so where'd you learn it? The only thing good was the corn on the cob! Tender juicy-excellent!  KFC May be out of your neighborhood & a little bit more $$ This location sucks. They messed up my order twice in one night and didn't even offer to compensate me. Never going back.  they put some type of sweet glaze on it that I would have omitted.  I like my biscuits like biscuits--they are not dessert --they are supposed to complement the chicken.  I would have left that glaze off.  Would I eat them again.  Yup.  The mashed potatoes and gravy were good.  Glad I upgraded to an extra side so now I have one in the fridge waiting for me to dig into it.   So there you have it.  Good chicken  didn't acknowledge a customer that had just walked in. He stood there for several minutes and she ignored him until he said something to her. I don't care if you're busy  after making them aware they then handed me a sandwich with the pickles taken off by hand. Now on my second go round i ordered the same things only to be given a chicken sandwhich with a processed chicken patty they see of my palm which is not very big... overall disappointed with there service and the food has really gone down hill. DONT GO HERE" The service here is also pretty good. I try not to go inside fast food locations so I don't get freaked out by what I see and end up going hungry so I can't speak for the cleanliness of the location."  well done & leave it under the 208V warming lights until it is leathery under the breading. I asked them to give me a double order fresh from the fryer and therefore possibly not over cooked. The resulting order was ""OK"" but nothing to write home about. It's a real shame. Churches used to consistently serve really outstanding fried chicken. Oh well . . ." "Sometimes you just get a hankerin' for tasty bizkits and this is where to come to scratch that itch!  Oh yeah The (missing) jalapeo really didn't have much flavor..."  Church's is not a place to expect much but it's at least adequate.  My order started off with a broken ordering speaker.  Once I received my order I had to turn around and head back because my sides were wrong.  This was the first time I had actually been inside this store and it stinks like rancid grease.  The staff is apologetic and corrects my order so I leave happy enough.  I then have to return again once I open the giant box of chicken strips We all left feeling satisfied but not blown away... We won't be rushing back to visit Michelina anytime soon DIYHTgM-YGKWOWLzQ4XVhA  there will be crowds waiting for the eggplant rollatini and antipasto salads... I'll have to wait in line to get a table so I can have my Shrimp FraDiavolo or my Tortellini. Surely they will be running out of the dinner specials early now that everyone will be flocking there for dinner. I'll have to call ahead to make sure they save a Tiramisu or a cannoli for me."  I will definitely be seeing her soon and enjoying those DELICIOUS Michelina's Oysters!" "I went to dinner at Michelina's for the first time last night.  It is located in a strip mall just west of the 51--and talk about unassuming from the  outside!  the strip mall neighbors include a psychic and a locksmith--once inside the aromas take over and you know you will be having something wonderful.   The restaurant  is nice inside "We've been going to Michelina's for 8 years now. It's our favorite romantic date night spot. The food is unbelievable. The owner/chef is always in the house "We have ordered take out from this place for the last few years and finally had dinner a couple of weeks ago. I love the food and the out-dated decor. I really do. I would not change a thing here. The food is great Too pricey for the food. The meal I had was just ok. My MIL had a terrible loud garlic pasta. It was stinky. They were also not too happy to see my two kids in tow. I have passed this place for 20 years and had always heard good things. Well one night when we were kidless we went. It was pricier that we thought but we forgot the price once the meals arrived. We were both very impressed. Warm homemade bread. Awesome salads. I tried the escolar (it's a fish that a friend of mine loved but I had never tried it) and it absolutely melted in my mouth. My husband enjoyed his sausage and peppers. We will definitely go back!  with 2 bottles of Heinekin. Wasn't the best Excellent all the way around."  only to be disappointed by the small portions and very poor service.  Our third time here was not a charm!" We won't be back.  To be honest Oregano's lasagna is better by far."  the service is excellent and they are not rushing you to ""turn the table"".  Michelina's cooking is fantastic!  Her daily specials are so inviting that I rarely order from the menu.  The drinks are excellent This place would be a five star if it wasn't for the a/c pumping the whole time when it wasn't needed.  Other than that I loved it and will totally go back.  It was one of the better Italian places I have been to in the valley for food."  and have for years. Love the food - the oysters Michelina are so so good (especially with her homemade bread to sop up the sauce) and the pasta is fresh and lovely. It's a small place and has been at the same location for something like 20 years The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because of the steep prices. It's not very often I spend more than $20 on a vegetarian dish. Hence why I only went a couple times. But the service is great and the atmosphere is classy and romantic. It is a good place for a special occasion."  the food so delicious and the staff so professional and friendly DIYHTgM-YGKWOWLzQ4XVhA We will definitely be back!!" DIYHTgM-YGKWOWLzQ4XVhA  salad and stuffed shells w/alfredo sauce. The complimentary after dinner drink is pretty awesome too. Great spot." Yum! Good hearty Traditional Italian food. The chicken Parmesan was delicious and everything tasted completely  homemade.  The house dressing was absolutely delicious as well. Service was good and I would definitely come back. What a sweet little surprise. Adam and I just loved it.  Everything is homemade and it is a very romantic spot  same Michelina. One of the hidden treasures of Paradise Valley. It's right on the 51 at Shea so it's convenient from anywhere in the valley. Can't recommend it enough. It's great when good things don't change." If you are seeking delightful Italian dining Had I great experience and outstanding  dinner at Michelina's tonight! Brad our waiter was very personable and made some great suggestions. The bread was very good & hot and there was plenty of olive oil & butter on hand.  I had the cioppino which was excellent and huge - large amounts of fish calamari & clams. Others in the group has the sea bass putenesca & the the braciole - all were very pleased - will certainly go back soon  the service terrific and the dinner was great." Unbelievable food! The oysters Michelina is some of  the most amazing food I've had in a long time! The family atmosphere and personal service make me feel like a vip!  except for the Lasagna which was huge! Prices were on par with similar nice restaurants in Phoenix/Scottsdale area."  so tender you did not need a knife to cut it. It came with 2 stuffed shells that had the best marinara sauce I have had in years. We also had the chicken Genovese with artichoke hearts and my brother loved it. Dinner comes with a salad and a vinegar based Italian dressing that I really enjoyed. The service was top notch. I noted that our waiter There are few places in this city which can truly transport you to the country of culinary origin and Michelina's does just that. Michelina is the owner and chef (if you couldn't tell by the restaurant name) and she made it her personal duty to meet us with every dish she prepared and ensure its taste to our delight. She cooks all of the food and even hand picks and prepares the flower arrangements that are placed throughout her restaurant. She was born and raised in Southern Italy and knows her Italian cuisine (I know this because she took the time to simply chat with us; her passion for pleasing her customers is palpable). I will have a hard time enjoying everyday food after now tasting true quality. This is a fantastic place where my wife and I will be enjoying dinners for many years to come.  as they did not offer just spaghetti marinara.  Rolled those two giant meatballs right onto the plate with my partner's lasagna and every one was happy.  I have to admit Feel bad I have to get four stars because of the desert but I have to be honest for my fellow yelpers."  superb oysters Michelina and veal piccata. As for the saltinbocca I was quite disappointed not to find at least one leave of sage in the preparation. I have been eating Saltinbocca from Brussels through Paris So disappointed! We all left feeling hungry." Excellent Italian food.  We had the cannelloni and the lamb chops.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  Service was great.  Everything was home made.  Cant wait to go back. I highly recommend reservations. It fills up fast!  You can useYelp to make reservations. An hour before our reservation I received a text asking to confirm or cancel. Very convenient." "We found this place through the great reviews on Yelp.  We are always looking for tasty and authentic Italian food.  We split a caesar salad and I enjoyed the penne di casa...a large portion that was so tasty.  This is definitely a great neighborhood find and it seems to have a great following of regulars to enjoy this great and reasonably priced food.  The restaurant could definitely use an upgrade  but excellent nonetheless. All of the staff gave the impression that they have been working at Michelina's a long time After hearing from my parents how amazing this place was we decided to give it a try.  It is small and intimate and exactly what you would expect a family owned Italian restaurant to be.  The food was delicious (both of us had lasagna and both of us cleaned our bowls).  The dessert was amazing (cheesecake was fantastic) and the after dinner drinks were a fun touch.  We will return and often.  I can't believe I never tried this place before!  the cook came out and talked with our  group!" Cuisine reminiscent of home" We stuck with the classic Italian dishes.  My lasagna was very good and my son tried the veal parmigiana.  Wonderful house bread and butter and a glass of house Chianti rounded out a perfect Italian meal." "As I gave a presentation early in the week on Memorable Customer Service. A woman mentioned this place.  I am delighted by the food  not so.  So I ate the pasta which accompanied my dish and that was it for dinner.  Glad I ate bread at the beginning of the meal as well as the salad.  You might say I had a vegetarian meal.  The Service provided by Joe was spot-on.  Otherwise "We thought we'd  try it for Jamie's 17th birthday after seeing it on Check Please  had to ask a busboy to find our waiter.  We had the fish special and the Veal Parm.  The veal was average at best with average pasta side.  The red sauce was good.  The Fish special sounded good but was average at best.  My wife and I agreed that we would not go back."  and we waited another ten-fifteen minutes for our server.  Our server never introduced himself and honestly seemed like we were a bother because we weren't one of his ""regulars.""  We asked if our daughter could get an order of fettuccine Alfredo without the protein and were promptly told he didn't know because they frown on substitutions.  It wasn't a substitution. It was an omission.   Fettuccine Alfredo was already a menu item.  We just wanted it without the salmon.  Our drinks and salads arrived Oh by the way he didn't even ask why we were leaving  my husband had shrimp and scallops it was very delicious. The owner stopped by the table and we were were impressed." "Intimate Italian restaurant with great service and food in unlikely an setting. Convenient to the freeway but away from other ""hotter"" dining destinations. Don't let that fool you. It's a comfortable place with food on par to what I've had in favorite neighborhood places back in Chicago. Worth a try!" "This is my favorite Italian food restaurant in all of Phoenix.  Everything is delicious and tastes homemade.  The cannelloni are my favorite If you want classic Italian you can't go wrong at Red Devil (and that goes for all the locations)" 0gQrhOYWdO0XVZEKtOrvaA "Pizza as good as mozza or bianco I never get the pasta here because from my experience it just isn't great and if I am going to eat pasta I want it to be great.  Other than that it is really good.  The service has always been good.  I would recommend it."  but that is not a good thing.  Lasagna is overcooked and a mess even for lasagna.  Salads are fresh and crisp.  Service is usually quite attentive and last night was no exception.  That had a decent crowd for a Wednesday night and our server was all over it.  We will be back but will probably stick to pizza & salads." Overall ....I wouldn't go out of my way to get pasta type dishes...I'd give it a try for pizza and see how that goes.  Overall value is average." Good value fast service." Luckys closed so that left me looking for new pizza. I am not sure why we never ordered from here before I mean this place has been there forever!! I am glad we finally tried it pizza and wings it was gooood! The sauce is fresh tastes like its supposed to and not sweet or sugary like some other place. I am pretty picky with the pizza and ordered from here 3x now without reading about it here first. Now I know not to order anything but the pizza which is fine by me!  it's Chicken Parmigian and I love it for what's on the inside!! The marsala dishes are very good. I will say that the Alfredo here is some of the best I have ever had. The only problem is that sometimes this sauce can ""break"" that happens when the butter and heavy cream seperate. When that has happened they take it back and make a new dish. The bottom line is this place is very good and continues to prove it by staying aroound through 3 recessions and continuing to grow. You can't do that without having something people want over and over again!!" Terrible. Some of the worst service and worst pizza I've ever had. Ordered pizza and wings to go with some friends last night and it was just what everyone needed. The pizza was better then average and I am pretty tough on pizza but for the price and taste I feel it beats out any of the big pizza chains that deliver. Wings had good flavor and the pizza had fresh toppings. I have ordered take out before and always good quality pizza. "I really like this place. I have been going here for years. The pizza is great and they have so many toppings. This place does deliver and they also have a pick up window on the outside of the building in front so you don't have to go inside to pick up your order. I have had so many things so ill make it quick. The red marinara here is good traditional. Its a nice red color with a hint of herbs and Parmesan. They also have a meat sauce that's good. I order the fettuccine with Alfredo "Ok here is the deal with Red Devil Pizza.  The key to making pizza with crispy crust is to have ovens that great sufficiently hot.  That is why I like places with brick over pizza's. They don't use Brick Ovens at Red Devil but  I have been told that Red Devil has some really old pizza ovens that are not available any longer or hard to get.  I can't verify that "My favorite style of food is easily italian and I especially love alfredo and pizza w/ wings.  Red Devil has that and more!  I was skeptical about going.  I drive by it all the time and it just kept calling my name.  FInally one night we decided to try it out.  SO glad we did.  I have been 5 times in less than 2 months!  If I could afford it I'd go more often.  One amazing thing they have and that you automatically get is their bread.  It tastes sooooo good and it is hard only eat one  we have eaten hear several other times and always loved it! The antipasto salad is amazing. and the Greek pizza is yummo. Their wings are some of the best I've had  $3 delivery fee & tip was $47. Not bad at all considering we will each be getting 2 or more meals out of it. We're fans & would definitely order from them again...maybe even dine in eventually!" 0gQrhOYWdO0XVZEKtOrvaA  I get the pizza and wings as takeout." "I've never ever had a bad meal here. Service is fantastic  because it has been a consistently disappointing experience for all of us.  Our visit today prompted my review - we once again visited Red Devil for a birthday celebration. We opted for a medium cheese people because if you opt for one of their specialties you're looking at about $15 for a medium - they also have pasta entrees that share the prices of a high quality Italian restaurant "I just experienced the food from this place for the first time. We did take-out and I really enjoyed it.  We ordered the Mediterranean pizza and wings. The wings were great. The pizza was great as well except their was quite a bit of mozerella cheese and I almost choked 2x's trying to swallow the chunk of cheese. This wouldn't discourage me from eating it again "Great Greek Salad!  Nice server but seemed like she was the only one in the place. Poor girl. Everyone raved about the NY style wings "We picked up some pizza from here last night to take over to a friend's house and this is the Red Devil I always went to for family functions as a kid. I love this restaurant! The pizza was delicious and what really makes it is their italian dressing.....This dressing is soooo good and perfect to dip crust into. In the past I have tried many of their items  but there was quite a wait which I took as a good sign (nobody lines up and waits for bad food...or at least they shouldn't). After half an hour we got seated. They placed us in what looked like an addition to the building and it was freezing! They had the A/C blasting and a ceiling fan going. Our server was very nice  especially in a public restaurant and all. This is why I'd run with the anchovy concept." I would like to go back for the wings and something different than pizza." Been going here for YEARS!!!!!!!!! Nice to see it busy!  sit in one of the bar's padded booths.  Enjoy an adult beverage or two (there are typically drink specials of some kind or another) and order a pizza big enough to take some home.  :)"  salt/pepper shakers and the cheese shaker seemed grimy and dirty and the waitress seemed fairly disinterested. My companion and I shared a pizza and small order of wings.  He had a soda and I had water. The bill came to just under $30. Not worth it for a very average lunch."  and salads. Friendly staff. A favorite!"  but I have to keep looking for that great pizza place that seems to be alluding me here in Phoenix." 0gQrhOYWdO0XVZEKtOrvaA  love their wings and love the exceptional service that we always receive.  Especially at such a reasonable price." "We used RD every week for our Football Snack Shack and exposed hundreds of people to their pizza.  What a hit.  People raved about their pizza.  Some folks asked who we sold before purchasing and were quite excited when we told them it was Red Devil.  Their day Manager Danny "I first heard of Red Devil because a friend of mine who used to live in Phoenix needs to stop by when she is visiting her family.  I needed to know what the fuss was about and so I gave it a try. We ordered two salads  I thought we should try it; what a mistake; awful. Had an eggplant parm hero. Eggplant was so thin you couldn't taste it  daily if I could afford it. They do delivery to my area now but stop 10 blocks away and I can't convince them to come a little further. We go there for special occasions because the whole family loves their food - 4 generations. Service is great "The pizza was gross. We tried to get away from the typical chains and tried this place. The pizza crust was tasteless "I ordered a pizza to go last night from Red Devil for the first time.  (It's actually closer to 34th than 32nd st  we heard their pizza's great so we'll probably be back to try them (with a coupon  telling us that she didn't know we were there because they usually don't seat people in this area unless there are a very large party. Strange. She took our order and the food was ok  which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  I left with neither a strong urge to return nor a reason to complain.  The pizza the other couple was eating looked like it might have more potential though We really enjoyed the antipasto salad here as well as the homemade rolls.  Our service has always been friendly and timely." "My fiance and I came here for the first time last week for our weekly ""cheat meal"". He wanted in n out but I convinced him to try this place out. We loved the pizza so much!! The bread was crispy all around. We went back today for our cheat meal Always delicious pizza and great service. We have been regulars at Red Devil for years. I have to remember that this place is not far from me - it's WAYYYYYYYYYYY better than an Olive Garden! :)" I haven't tried anything else on menu and only have ordered via takeout but  no complaints! Bread is addicting. Portions are very large here (thankfully so since this place is a little expensive in my opinion). $17 for the trio dinner (chicken parm  the pasta fagioli was just as remembered amazing...Pizza super epic....lasagna still rocking it.. So should have been 5 stars let's pay more attention to the customer & it will be just as I remembered" We love Red Devil! Given the choice we will always chose to get our pizza from there. My oldest daughter loves the Greek pizza. We have also tried others things on the menu and never been disappointed. Everyone we have dealt with have always been extremely nice and helpful. Service = What service??"  their house-made Spumoni is the greatest. what keeps us coming back at least once or twice a week for over 20 years has just as much to so with the food as it does with the service. With the warm  we went to dinner there last night and encountered a rude hostess named Cara. We arrived exactly at 6pm and wanted to get drinks on happy hour. She said This place was one of the first I can recall to serve a white pizza and it was decent."  it's the best in the state.today I had a pizza it was so good I will be getting it more often. As far as some idiot saying cara  was rude that is not believe able I would be proud to be her father. She is beyond nice and friendly. I think that man must have tried to hit on her and got turned down.I TELL EVERYONE I meet to try the chicken piccata "Wow tried the bread today and soup the rolls remind me of grandma's . Had my chicken piccata today always top notch. Tried strawberry cheese cake today   I have been to Red Devil about 8x in the last 3 months.  The service and food have been good each time.  The lunch specials are a good value and the service has been great.  I hope they don't change a thing!" Poor service.  Packed 3 family's together although there's many open tables. My family of four was placed in a booth that was to small I would have been happier at Chuck E Cheese  but THEY DO! So we tried them today. We got the same pizza we eat everywhere  thank you for a great experience." Enormous portions. We didn't finish anything and took all of the rest to go. In order to pay penance for all those years I neglected to visit (and because I live 60 miles away and have no idea when I'll be back) I wish I was in their delivery area."  but not great.  The ambiance and decor was so dated that I felt out of place because I was not wearing stonewashed jeans and a Hypercolor shirt.  The prices were reasonable enough considering the portion sizes.  But the food quality...all win." Would I go back?? Maybe for take out but that's about it!" 0gQrhOYWdO0XVZEKtOrvaA "I love this place! Every time I go here the food is always on point.  Also this is the place that made me discover raspberry vinaigrette dressing for my salads  and bread came with my purchase. Excellent service. You've been around for 50 years for some reason. Please drain the pasta a little better next time. I'll have to try the pizza next time. Lots of love This place was not good. Pretty bland it must have been what I ordered. Didn't care for the pizza Good pizza. Great crispy and chewy crust. Not too thin not too thick. Good sauce good selection of toppings. Love their peppercinis they are nice and spicy. It is a usual for me and my family for pizza. First time and last. Ordered a large pizza w/ pepperoni sausage and mushroom and an order of lasagna. Pizza crust was very thin and not what I was expecting. Mushrooms were fresh but for an $18 pizza I was expecting better. The lasagna was tasty but I swear there was one noodle in the whole dish; it was more like a blob of meat sauce and cheese. I was expecting more for the $29.20 . "Good pizza - my daughter seemed quite pleased with her personal veggie - but I found the pasta dishes dismal. My linguine seemed to have been cooked  but wouldn't choose it out of some other places nearby." "I've been going here for 20 years and the Red Devil makes the best NY style pizza in the Valley. Nothing has changed here since at least 1994 (except for there is no longer a ""smoking"" section).  Red Devil has perfect ratios of sauce 0gQrhOYWdO0XVZEKtOrvaA I love this restaurant. Occasionaly they wont get all the order right but i think the food is well worth going there for. Will DEFINITELY NOT be going back. And would never recommend to anyone. Gross!!"  is always friendly and greets everyone. The food is excellent. Our favorite is the pizza and New York mild wings. The rolls are really good too. Be sure to ask what the specialty cheesecake is. They are all delicious and freshly made. Take a piece home if you fill up on great Italian food. Truly a wonderful experience each and every time we come!" they deliver too. All there food is great .please try them"  super delicious food!  My favorite is their pizza. The sauce and cheese are so good and taste so organic and natural. Meatballs are superb. You can get that as a pizza topping as well. Children's menu is good and fan favorites of my own kids. Highly recommend this restaurant." Great pizza and wings!  I love the food here but the service is lacking and the beer selection is circa 1980.  Get it to go???  freshly baked rolls (yummm...) is provided to each table. The restaurants are geared toward hosting parties of all sizes (families Always good quaity!!! And very reasonable. I had the chicken parm and it was to die for.  because I'm always cold so I can't comment on that aspect but as far as the pizza goes.... It's bomb . com!"  expecting a couple small slices of bread with a tiny bit of tomatoes on it. It came in a normal sized takeaway container. I was flabbergasted. Inside  and their amazing food. I had the sausage and pepper sandwich. It was amazing and huge... I made lunch out of it the next day also. My son gobbled up the chicken tenders and fries. This place is great for the whole family. I would return and recommend."  I thought it was pretty damn good.  Red Devils have been around since the 60's and I can definitely see why.  I would not hesitate to come back for another pizza (Their Mediterranean pizza sounds awesome) and can hopefully make it through some of their other menu items  the food is great and the pizza excellent I love that the to go food is outside so if you are not dressed up you will not have to worry about impressions.  Service all the way around great keep up the great work!  I have returned about eight times and have taken family from out of town"  so is the pasta and salads. I've only ever gotten to go but it's always delicious and fresh. It's a little more expensive but you really get what you pay for."  subs and pasta dishes yum yum 0gQrhOYWdO0XVZEKtOrvaA How is this place still in business and how are there so many good reviews???  What am I missing?????  Maybe I shoumd have started with drinks so I wouldnt notice the bad food?  I want my $40 back!!!"  make for an excellent time. Cold beer and good drinks. Really enjoy this place"  I order to take out and the guy who handling the money at the register was also making the pizza dough without washing his hands in between." Came in late afternoon on a Monday and we were the only ones there with a few people at the bar. It was as if we bought out the restaurant just for us lol. Food was very good! My bf got the Philly Cheesesteak sandwich that was huge and he enjoyed. I had the tequila lime chicken and it was delicious! Definitely recommend! The early bird chicken plate came with a salad and cheesecake for under $12. Cheesecake was not the best but the main course definitely made up for it. Great service from our waiter Joey and the hostess. Overall great experience! They accommodate special events in there private dining rooms" Husband and I enjoyed talking with the young barkeep that had worked their since she was 17. She has been there 12 years! Many people have worked there for years!!! Like a family. She was fabulous and our food was fabulous. Enjoyed sitting at the bar and meeting the locals. Spaghetti and meatballs was so good and I had the cheese ravioli. All with a salad and great bread. Go find this place when in Phoenix. Makes me wish I lived closer! Thanks to the very nice staff!!"  and finally did last night.  Wow.  I don't know if it was just the food items on the menu then vs. now or what.  My salad with Italian dressing was ok.  Nothing special.  Dining companions caesar - said it was salty - almost inedible.  The rolls were not pleasant to eat and we both were covered in crumbs trying to sample a bit.  He had the chicken picatta and said the sauce was great They have fast delivery and awesome pizza. Reasonable pricing...." "I  have always enjoyed this restaurant.  Tonight I enjoyed the sausage and peppers with fettuccine. Spicy but not hot.  Large portion smothered in sauce.  Service was solid as always  my only issue is with the dinner salad having large pieces of lettuce Chicken tenders were cold and mushy."  waiting outside for them to open. I saw an employee in the lobby and knocked on the door to see if they could let us wait inside. She shook her head ""no"" at me and walked away. They refused to open the door until noon when they opened...even though they had a comfortable waiting area for us. By then my daughters face was beat red Yes it's busy but those severs are on it."  we learned that this restaurant recently changed locations but they've been in business for over 15 years.  Gotta love the local businesses that last in the valley... we'll be back to support Roma Garden and enjoy their fine ""Northern Italian Cuisine"" without a doubt.  I suggest you go check it out also - bon appetito!"  except for I don't think people know much about it since it's tucked into a stripmall next to (I think) a dry cleaner or some other inane business. Highly recommended and I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Phx!" Update:  They no longer offer the Restaurant.com certificates.  However  we left for less than $70 before tip. Our last bit of Heavenly bliss occurred when the waiter brought us our bill.  He also brought us complementary drinks of amaretto on the rocks.  (I really gotta stop writing these reviews before lunch.) Bonnito Appetito!" The veggies were cooked perfectly and had a good flavor."  you will get a nice complementary round of amaretto or a dessert to share. I have seen this done to several others on different occasions and to myself more often or not." Roma Garden was A-OK." "I heard good things about this place and thought I'd bring my daughters there for dinner.  I ordered shrimp parmesan for 20 dollars and got four overcooked shrimp covered in sauce with watery white rice on the side.  My daughter ordered Linguini with clams and it was too gritty for her to eat.  I literally heard her bite into a sandy clam.  My other daughter ordered fettucini alfredo which was decent.  The best part of the meal was the bread served beforehand.  Even the caesar salad was disappointing.  I have to say that for a $75 tab Our waiter was very attentive and it didn't take long for our food to arrive.   Fabulous choices!  Both the veal and the fish were super tender and left us wanting more...even though we were stuffed.  The scallops were pretty big and they threw in a few jumbo shrimp on top for good measure.....also perfectly cooked.  The pasta was also prepared just right and the vegetables were the best we have ever been served.  Our order was not cheap  and not at all stuffy. lunch was a great value. i was amazed by the the restaurant's ambiance: dark and cozy with classic jazz. playing in the background. you forget you're in a strip mall the moment you walk in the door. roma garden ristaurante would be a great place for a date. the whole menu looks amazing. i can't wait to try every carb-laden delight they serve as soon as i'm off this horrible diet."  its in a strip mall... No it doesn't feel that way when you're inside.  I hope this place sticks around.  Plus its in the same plaza as the Dub  very unpretentious. People come from all over the Valley for the eggplant parmesan."  hidden in an unassuming strip mall so many people could easily pass by this place and not realize what they are missing. Fantastic place to eat! Lighting and omnibus beautiful. Workers are always friendly and helpful  and seemingly authentic. The staff is really friendly and knows most of my family  by name. They are prompt and courteous without being too stuffy. The atmosphere is nice and cozy. And the food? Delicious! We love it. We had my brother's wedding luncheon there and it was a lot of fun. They reserved the entire restaurant for us and the service was excellent. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone! Great for anniversaries or a nice dinner out with your significant other!" This place was awesome. You are completely thrown by the outside. You walk in and you feel like you're in an upscale Scottsdale joint without the Scottsdale prices. The food was amazing. There were 4 of us and we were all very happy with our dishes. The Italian Sausage is amazing!  meal and dessert.  We started out with the eggplant app.  My hubby doesn't like eggplant but gobbled this up!  The sauces are a little on the sweet side but still excellent.  The wine selection was good and the service was good.  I love that they serve the house wine by the glass  or the folks that run the restaurant!"  and have the best Northern Italian meal you have ever had." I'll definitely be coming back whenever I'm home from school Amazing place. I had the swordfish with pasta and fresh veggies. Delicious great service! Although the check was a little late the waiter brough amaretto on the rocks to apologize!  I guess it does get better - after a 2 hour ride back to Flagstaff our son decided that he enjoyed his meal so much he couldn't wait until the next day so he heated up his left overs before going to bed. (I think he just wanted to make sure I didn't get to them before he could ;-)"  especially given that I live so far away from the restaurant; However Went with a few people and everyone loved it. I got the chicken parm and it was probably best I've ever had.  and treat you like family. Try the pork chops! The bread and salads were also delicious. Can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu!"  but the huge portions and even bigger flavors have me won. Definitely my current favorite Italian restaurant."  small place that is great for a romantic dinner with your loved one. The food was good and rich in quality. I believe the menu is mostly $14+ items. The waitstaff is very friendly and do their best to make your evening out as comfortable as possible." Knowing that Roma Garden exists makes it a crime to go to Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill. For just a little more money  but its very nice and intimate inside.  I have been several times.  Their pasta is made fresh and the almost everything on the menu is good.  Service is always prompt  but to advertise as good for kids and not have booster or high chairs is a stretch to say the least."  and they were very helpful. Roma Garden was the best way for us to end our time in the southwest."  we were curious about the rave reviews we were reading......Rest assured The food and the atmosphere were great.  Not what I expected from a place in a strip mall.  I would definitely recommend giving it  a try!  I can't say I would be back again.  I think we could have had a little better food right here at Babbo."  so I have to bump up a star.  The alfredo and lasagna may not bring me back I have been to this restaurant several time and it seems here quality has gone down hill. After the sloppy lasagna I got last time i figured I would give them another chance but only time find they have slipped even further! I will not be back for a third rip off. Prices are way to high..  servers friendly but not the family friendly place I usually prefer." "Don't be fooled by the location in a strip mall.  Go there.  It's some of the best food I've had in Phoenix.  We showed up with 6 people and no reservation.  No problem!  It's clearly a place with a solid base of regulars It's a great place to dine with you and your family. You will really experience Rome in AZ! "The best Italian restaurant in Phoenix; better value than Aiello's.  Finally Great food and service. Would definitely return if I'm in the area. My husband had the spaghetti and meatballs and I had the pollo Oscar. Both were delicious.  Try to go between 4-6 for happy hour. "The food at this place is amazing. Blows olive garden away Big Time. So far best Italian restaurant in Phoenix. Great food  candles....       The bread came out hot and along side it was some garlic herb butter which was very yummy but a bit too garlicky for my husband.  Hard for anything to be too garlicky for me!  I got the chicken parmigiana which was fantastic.  The red sauce was excellent and that's what makes a good Italian restaurant.  Very basic but flavorful.  My husband ordered the veal cordon bleu special which was amazing.  The main dish was SO good I highly recommend it!"  stuffed peppers and I was not sorry that I ordered it.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their meal and we definitely will return."  and a chef-special scallop dish. Everything was incredibly flavorful and cooked perfectly. Most of the entrees run between $10-25  don't get me wrong. I may try again just to see if it was what I ordered. Very average." went there last night for dinner. it was very good as usual. Have not been disappointed Every time I was here the owner-chef came out to say hello. Very friendly. My only warning is to say it's a bit pricey  and delicious food. Been looking for a good Italian restaurant in the area for a long time  cooking is authentic prices are amazingly reasonable service is the best.  Will NEVER GO anywhere else for good Italian home cooking."  expensive meal that was ruined even further by a terrible server." I will definitely come back here if I'm in the area again. It was all an Italian restaurant should be!" Everything we ordered reminded me of home (New York City). This restaurant would not be out of place in NYC "A strip mall gem.  From the outside you think nothing special.  But once inside you are impressed.  Then comes the service  but this place has a great menu! Very cozy feel to the place."  but not too bad and the portions are huge. two people could share 1 meal and i tried my friends food-everything was delicious. the owner came and talked to us and they had classic italian music going on in the background. the only bad part was our server seemed miserable and didn't seem like she wanted to be there. i don't care i would go back b/c the food was soooo good and the setting was romantic." But it gets 4 stars because the food was really good and the service. Everyone there was very friendly and warm I'd go back for a special evening."  I imagine that Roma Garden would be a weekly destination for us. We love to go to places where the food is made with love and the staff loves what they are doing. Roma Garden fits the bill." The waiter was nice and attentive even though it started to get packed at around 7ish. They even gave us free Amaretto drinks after dinner! :)  Going back for another romantic dinner soon." Best Italian food I've ever had.  They got us in late notice on New Years Eve with a packed house.  We will be regular customers even though it is a 40 minute drive. Steve was a great waiter and got us a free dessert for the food taking a little longer than normal.  it's likely that we will be back because the food itself was good; however The food was excellent with fresh ingredients and generous portions and the service was attentive and helpful. Reasonable prices and easy access to parking rounds out the pleasant experience. We'll be back to sample more of their menu soon." We were disappointed given that this restaurant had been amazing every time we have been there.    Their stuffed peppers are wonderful.  The Lamb shank is incredible.  The Chicken Princess or Piccata are equally good.  Unfortunately "YELP you let me down this time. The food was bland. We had to ask for something to spice it up and they gave us thai seasoning. They had it ready at hand almost expecting people to ask for it. The seasoning was pretty good  but I will knock it down to 4 stars because of the semi-bland sauce...But its a solid restaurant  the owner and waitress were very friendly and spent a lot of time getting to know us and also sharing other hidden gems within the city.  We would definitely go again.  Make sure you tell them you found them on Yelp." Could be the best Italian restaurant I've been to.  Food and service we excellent.  It's in a strip mall and once you go inside it has a very upscale appearance.  The Pollo Saltimbocca was tremendous as were the specials my companions ordered.  Don't miss this restaurant! "I found this restaurant only through online research and selected it based on reviews here.  It did not let us down!  We took our large group when we were all in town for our annual spring training vacation.  Roma Garden accommodated us in a private finally wonderful italian food ... yumm & double yumm!!!" Lots of fresh quality options here.  Definitely a gem...  we were extremely relieved to have our faith restored in nice Italian restaurants by visiting Roma Garden. Spinato's is closer to us but this place is more fitting for ""date night.""  The place just simply made us happy;  please go here and support them!" We went here for the first time last night. Service was extraodinary and the food was fantastic. I had the Butternut Squash ravioli. and my wife had the Mostacholli el Forno. We will return real soon to try some more delicious italian food. Maybe the Mussels in white sauce. My compliments to the chef and the owner. Great job by our server Marco. Wonderful Italian food and spectacular service. Quaint atmosphere and nice touch the comped amaretto. Certain to return to this gem of a find. Love the food our server Marco was amazing. The seafood fettichini was really good I will be back again  the food is great. Huge portions and they'll custom order for you when they have the ingredients on hand. They don't rush you through your meal and have a nice balance of attentive but not intrusive service. The free Amaretto at the end of the meal is an added bonus." The service was very good as the waiter and busser were very attentive.." Coming from the east coast its hard for me to be open minded about Italian food. I would say not bad for here in AZ not so great comparing to east coast Italian places.. I can say huge portions and great service..  and this food was hands down ten times better.  We will be coming back here for EVERY date night and will bring as many people as possible with us!!  Thank you Roma Garden I may give them another try; my fiancee is already going there tonight with her ladies' group and I'm sure they will have a wonderful experience.  I just wish last Saturday had been worthy of five stars."  my hubby had the special ravioli and I had the cannelloni.  It was delicious.  We finished with a piece of tiramisu cake and coffee.  At the end of the meal they offered us a round of Amaretto.  It was a wonderful meal and my in laws were very happy this year There are a few other restaurants that call themselves Italian but aren't by any stretch.  One particular chain that has ""garden"" in its name comes to mind as a place that is about as non-authentic Italian as you can get.  Stay clear of those places and stick to locally-owned eateries like Roma Garden." good service...pricey..a la carte.....would be busier if more family oriented....40th & Tbird is not white tablecloth area....  and the cooking is very good. A neighborhood restaurant with great food. Perfect!" Arrive around 7:00 PM on a Wednesday evening. Wasn't too busy. Sat in the bar area. Service was quick. Enjoyed some bread and a nice glass of Malbec while waiting on my order. Took about 15 minutes.    Meal was hot and tasted great. Had the gnocchi with sausage and meat sauce.  Would recommend it. Great atmosphere. Random location but excellent food! We will see you again my risotto!" Awesome food service and atmosphere. We throughly enjoyed our dinning experience and strongly recommend this restaurant to all our friends and family The food was wonderful and the staff very friendly and attentive. I will definitely come back again. EfmR4e1tmjC5_ZQOgfnYrg Great ravioli and spaghetti/meatballs." I wouldn't put anything in my mouth made in that hostile place. Stay away!" Omg try every thing me and my husband went here it's a but pricy 20 a person but omg it was worth every bite!  Thank you Eric who was the most amazing server he explained everything wonderfully! We had the Marsala and the pork chops their special style it was amazing were going back to try the mahi mahi soon! This was is our first time here (finding it on yelp) and it was definitely not a let down! Ambiance is romantic and cozy. Marco was our server and he was awesome. Very knowledgeable about all the dishes and have great recommendations! Def will return!  the meatballs were great but I would pass on the sausage. Good bread and a nice cold glass of Riesling. Our waiter ditched us so we were not offered wine or dessert after we got our order. The runner was so efficient and worked hard. We will go back. I liked it. They do get busy so get there early or sit in the bar. Lots of good reasons to try it again......"  I realize it's a small restaurant but they only had two highchairs and both were In use so we had to spend our whole time there over two hours passing my son around to hold him and feed him on my lap. Service took forever 10+ min for drinks 30+ min for food. Very limited menu and food was ok. Small sad portions for the price."  and tonight's lamb shank special. Superb!  No need to have a flashy exterior  and atmosphere.  Very much like eating at mom's house.  Portion sizes are enormous "I reluctantly got drug to this restaurant becasue I had been there several years ago and had NOTHING good to say about it.  Well that has completely been changed now.  I have a close friend who selects this restaurant everytime it is her choice and now I have become a BIG FAN.  I have been there about 9 times in the past 6 months and every single time I have eaten there "My date for prom took me here before hand and it was absolutely amazing! Fantastic service "We had a double date here and we were so pleased! Our waitress was super friendly and attentive  I would come here again and again. Really sad that I have to leave." "I usually don't go to restaurants that are inside a strip mall because I'm a very visual person and the building needs to be appealing to me. I was craving pasta so I decided to google italian places close to me. Found this place so I went there and placed a to go order. The waitress was very nice and she offered me a free house salad with their bread and butter so I can try it since it was my first time there. I ordered the linguine with pink sauce and imitation crab   although it is not indicated on the web site or menu. Felt a bit ripped off.  The Phoenix/Scottsdale area is full of good restaurants so probably will not be in a hurry ro return to Roma Gardens." fX7iSNQuMIonEzuDEPnrZw "Great Stuff.  Went on a Tuesday.  Service was good.  Food was very tasty and exactly what I expected from a real Italian Restaurant this place is about the food and not the ""thrills"".  My kinda place."  lovely decor and excellent Italian food. The recipes have been around for years and have been consistently delicious and authentic. Serving sizes are huge so go very hungry or be prepared to take home the extras. Warm "Our waitress was lovely and the atmosphere inside is nice but that's where my positive comments end.  The cuisine is just pretty bad.  The tomato sauce is thick and pasty.  The vegetables have way too much garlic and the bottom line is that there isn't much talent in the kitchen.  Honestly The salad was excellent.  The bread and butter was incredible.  I thoroughly enjoyed the main entree of fettucini Alfredo.  It was obviously made from scratch and tasted so good!  Dont let the location fool you. What a great find.  but I'm happy to say it was just s good if not better the second time. Don't let the location fool you; this place is the best traditional Italian food I've had in Arizona. I had the sausage ravioli and it did not disappoint. Go with the specials!  So glad we found this gem of a place so close to home. No need to drive to Scottsdale for twice the price and half the quality. This place knows what they are doing and their service it spectacular." "I took my fianc here after looking on Yelp and could not have been happier. The food was great And an Italian meal must end with a dish of spumoni - yum!"  fresh pasta and a complementary glass of amaretto to finish the meal. Perfect evening with great service "Me and my boyfriend went here to eat dinner after finding the place on yelp. We wanted to try some new Italian food and Roma Garden seemed to have really good ratings so we checked it out. Both of us were SO pleased! GREAT service Only complaint was that it was quite warm in the restaurant." "Wow!  We were looking for good Italian food and boy did we find it!  We did take out and driving home with the aroma of the food in my passenger seat almost drove me to pull over and devour the whole lot!  Not sure I could have explained that to my wife waiting at home  portions are good and the food is flavorful and delicious." Quick update from original review.  We still love it but they no longer participate in Restaurant.com  and they delivered on their promise.  The food was delicious with perhaps the best gluten free pasta I have tasted.  They don't just leave out gluten free ingredients as some restaurants do which leaves you with an incomplete meal.  the food "Absolutely perfect experience at Roma. We were greeted by a friendly gentleman and seated in a lovely place in the restaurant. Salad I loved this place and the service was the best you could ask for. I am planning to go back tonight. The food was the best Italian  i have had in a long time. Seems like nice place to go for your neighborhood Italian."  Manhattan and New Jersey and city island. Melt in your mouth. Eggplant superb. Ravioli and everything else the best. Service the best. Been all over Phoenix and Scottsdale and chandler and the likes. NO SENSE WASTING MY TIME. Excellent  But mediocre food and service takes it off our list for a return visit.  Too bad."  and all four of us agreed that it wasn't that great." 5. Drinks are pored correctly."  wait staff excellent.  More expensive than I thought it should be Just finished a great lunch...Pollo Parmigiana.  Friendly and knowledgable service coupled with reasonable menus and prices.  Good for lunch or dinner.  marinara pretty average/industrial. Tiramisu tasted frozen and espresso sub par. Wanted to like it but there is much better out there." "Had the chance to check this place out for my brother and future sister's engagement celebration with our family.  The food was excellent and they have a great early bird menu with great values and still nice sized portions.  The environment is on the intimate The food is amazing super friendly service i just wish the food wasn't to pricey. I took my other half to eat dinner when it was just us two and the bill came out to $70. I would go there again but i will be prepared to pay more then what expect at other places... Bonus: check in on Yelp! and get 10% off your order!" Food was great and the bread/ butter were amazing! Very good! Service and food was great. Wife forgot her phone and the server assistant rush out to our car to give it to her after we already left. Very family owed/professional feel. We will definitely recommend to others. WOW!!! From the food to the service was awesome!  It has been some of the best Italian food I have had in a very long time! Great find!! So happy my husband and I gave this place a shot! Sauces and aromas are spectacular!! Complimentary amaretto is a great touch! I can't wait to go back!  Yummo!"  etc.  Did I mention the place was empty on the second visit?  So no real excuse for not providing top notch service.  So that's the reason for 4 stars combined with the fact that they charge $7.95 for a piece of cheesecake that was just okay.  The bonus is the complimentary amaretto at the end of your dinner.  We'll be back... we'll just sit in the bar and skip dessert." See all those other four and five star reviews?  Here's one more.  Woohoo indeed." Need to go back and try dinner!!" My picky 12 y.o eater loves the Fettuccine Alfredo. It's nice to take her to a great restaurant and eat something delicious.  it seems the other tables had servers that were attentive and friendly.  Our server was rarely available or around.  The ambiance and atmosphere is nice."  not exactly a dish you would expect a hold up for in a place like this. The place was only about 60% full on a Saturday night at 6:30 pm. The food was out of this world. Had the Osso Bucco special and thought I had gone to heaven! Italian wedding soup was great as well. It's in a small strip mall and the decor was meh at best. Reasonably priced. It was a far drive from the north valley so we will keep looking for a good place closer to home. I have heard Salute is good and will give that a try next."  and herb butter. It was amazing! The workers are always friendly and polite. Would highly recommend  this place to everyone." Chicken catchaori (spelt very incorrectly) a good spice with mixture of olives  as it's quite small on the interior. Make a reservation if possible. The atmosphere is very intimate for a date night."  I was disappointed.  I can find better menu options and quality at Carabba's or Buca di Beppo. And what's with the kitchen doors? In such a small joint you can hear every bit of BS going on in the kitchen. And the prices are high for what they serve - you've got to be kidding me. Serious diners My husband and I recently dined here and we loved it. The service was on point and extremely friendly. It's not too often that you feel like family the first time you dine somewhere... but we definitely felt that way here. The food was fantastic and the cannoli was delicious. We will definitely be back. Roma's prices are higher than their local competitors and I found that the pricing on their actual restaurant menu was higher than those posted on the internet.  I don't mind paying more money for good food so we shall definitely be returning.  Next time I'll check into Yelp and get 10% off my bill Looking for a solid Italian place decided to try em out. Walked in and waited a couple mins . A young lady finally asked if we had a reservation we didn't know we needed one. . She gave me a bad look and had a bad attitude . We Didn't eat here and will never be back . First impression Setting was very dark and out dated.  Service was not memorable and the food quality was meh.  Won't be going back"  2016  - Another wonderful evening out with friends at Roma Garden became even more special than usua!  A sincere thank you to all who make dining here a delight! Especially to our favorite server "Came for the Valentine's special. Started off with their Calamari Fritti (always good). My wife had the Lobster Ravioli special  2016  - Another wonderful evening out with friends at Roma Garden became even more special than usua!  A sincere thank you to all who make dining here a delight! Especially to our favorite server I am defiantly coming back here. Next time I will save room for their homemade tiramisu." I love this place. I used to dine with them when they had their restaurant on 40th St. and Bell. Then they closed and I lost them it was sad. Then once again found them on Thunderbird and was delighted always have great specials prices are reasonable and some of the best home-cooked Italian food around. Enjoy I had heard a lot about this place and did feel it was worth the price. The food is good just a little expensive because it isn't overwhelmingly good. I have tried the chicken parmigiano and the shrimp scampi. Like I said the taste good just a little over priced. The food was delicious -- our only complaint was the service. We were the only ones in the restaurant at the time (weekday evening)  at a mom and pop place here you go." Visit. The outside and inside is not very impressive but i tell you what my family are Italians and we were impressed with the food and service. Will return!" They get another star from me because the service was excellent  when I have gone there and that makes a big difference to me.  Calamari F. did point out that service has been hit or miss There's not really a whole lot more to say about this place. Though That's all I got to say about that!" "Pasta Pomodoro is slightly above average compared to most chain Italian restaurants. It has a vibe which makes it seem like a little Italian bistro you might come across in New York City. The two times I've been there The food was just okay. Super greasy from the lard in the beans and meat was not of good quality. The tortillas they used were very good though. But because if the grease pouring out of my burrito I couldn't eat it.  so steer clear.  Tortas are good and their version of a papusa (i forget what they call it here  the place is kind of small but the salsas are just like the ones coming out of my nanas house (I'm first generation here in America). The chili rellenos are a must try! Try to play around with the salsas on the chili rellenos to add extra flavor. Also... The caldo de rez is incredible. We honestly would pick this restaurant for our authentic over any other around the neighborhood hands down.... And it helps that their prices are reasonable." 