I climbed in the free fall area without ropes.  Climbing courses are marked by colored tape on the walls so you can climb according to your skill level.  It's a great work out...I can barely move my arms enough to type out this review."  there were some decent climbs. The V3's were fairly easy but the V3 V4's were exponentially harder. I was able to do one V4 V5  but I don't know if I would be happy living with it as my only go-to." "The blonde woman who tuns the gym was extremely rude to us. First time we went she refused yo.get off the phone on a personal call to help us. Then she gave us the rules for the bouldering area in a rapid bored monotone. Compared to other climbing gyms I have gone to this gym is less safe (no gri-gris) 5V1K5DRpGrObijbtCuPbcg  so you won't get bored. One staff member in particular was amazing - Allen - who spent the time giving climbing tips and encouragement to whomever needed it. Costs are also reasonable ($12 day  this makes it harder for beginners to get in and get a feel. I did complete one or two V7 or V8. Just to push myself but I would have had more fun if I had the support of a rope so the next time I go back I will consider classes. Which costs a little bit more but oh well. Class times are limited check the website."  and right next to the East End Food Co-op.  It can get crowded Sometimes the gym can get crowded (especially on Wednesdays) but there's lots of routes and it's fun to take some time and meet other climbers." "Went to this place on a Groupon and fell in love. It reminds me of the days when I lived in Denver. I miss it! The routes are decently hard and allow me to push myself to get better. Staff has always been awesome. People there help give pointers. It does get pretty crowded sometimes  whereas the toproping ones test your endurance and forethought.  The staff is all very friendly but Lauren and Josh are especially fun to talk to and get pointers from.  I highly recommend checking it out!" Tip: If you're a beginner without your own equipment I would love to see the walls refreshed in a cement faux-rock style Wednesdays are Ladies Night: Half off entrance fee ($6) for women and men who show up wearing a sports bra or ladies tank top. Also a good night to visit and watch men in ladies tank tops..if that's your jam."  good climbing problems that were kept up to date. Tons of great bouldering "I like this place but the hours are inconvenient (top roping doesn't open until 5PM during the week!!!!) I wish they would expand their hours. Otherwise  because they always required a bit more creativity to manage. That there were kids and couples and teenagers with their parents and college students all using the same routes made it feel more like a great community center than just another place to get exercise."  some were awful. The staff is very unfriendly. Unless you're part if the clique no one will talk to you."  silly rule where they make everyone wear paper wristbands before entry. + 1 star because they are finally installing air conditioning."  but they work with what they've got. I've always found the staff to be friendly and knowledgeable." - The fees are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here." Worst climbing gym I have ever been to. Customer service was a joke. Wall appears as if a boy scout went ham with a few sheets of plywood back in the 80s and then did nothing since then. Holds are prehistoric and grimy. Setting is subpar. Insurance doesn't allow for people who can't belay to be belayed? Better off climbing the outside of the building for a good pump.. The ventilation in the bouldering area is terrible. Please install some chalk eaters. People are inhaling tons of chalk into their lungs and are going to get pneumoconiosis from climbing at your gym. I expected better from Pittsburgh and heard that there is a new gym coming  and overall the place isn't very clean.  I believe there is some potential here  and safe. I was never concerned about the safety of any one. If you're looking for a creative group activity or birthday party "Wanted to leave an updated review for this place. My first review was too critical. This is a gym in Pittsburgh and you need to set your expectations accordingly. This gym cant go toe to toe with world class gyms like planet granite in sf or Seattle bouldering project in Washington Pricing is also very good (especially if you are a student)."  because I was actually pleasantly surprised there was even a climbing gym here!"  is sometimes the more serious groups of climbers will monopolize entire walls at a time.  Not cool "I bought the Groupon with a friend and we were both pleasantly surprised. Friendly  loved this place. Would come back without hesitation."  but AHS is great.  And definitely worth a visit."  there was Arizona Hiking Shack. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. They are very good at fitting their customers with the right gear. They make every effort to be sure that you have what you need and are prepared for your hike b-IWZuVd3f0GcbtetwG5WA  as they close earlier than larger retailers."  he explained to me why X shoe would be better for than Y shoe as well as helped me understand for the first time why i need an orthotic insert.  my feet are feeling GREAT!  i am so happy with them  go here!  Your choices are somewhat limited but they'll do their best to find something that works for you!" Patient and knowledgable folks who clearly love and use these products. They cherry-pick selections so you don't have to. Go here first and support local business. NOTE- After 40 years they are not on Cave Creek anymore. They moved down to Thomas."  they sell EVERYTHING you need for the outdoors except bikes. tons of rock climbing and mountaineering goods!" Very helpful. Knew exactly what I needed (a grappling hook) and pointed me in the right direction. I will use them again. Very nice.  kayaking and hiking/climbing equipment and attire. They have a huge selection of books and maps and their customer associates are knowledgeable and friendly who are also outdoor enthusiasts A nice shop with a silly policy. This shop seemed like a nice find but I had a bad experience. I went in to rent a climbing harness for a few days. I was charged $52. To a neophyte like me this seemed like a good deal but it would have been nice if the worker had told me that they sell better harnesses than the one I rented for less than the rental charge. When I went to return the harness I suggested that instead of being charged for the rental I buy a harness plus a locking carabiner and an ATC. They declined my offer and so I will be taking my business to REI in the future.  don't kid yourself and trust on-line salespeople and purchases.  Don't wander into REI. Instead "Excellent experience. My son is a new boy scout and in need of back packing gear. Judd was terrific. Patient with our questions and he had my son try on different packs and then loaded them with weight. Of the packs we looked at Stopped in to browse & was saying what a great store they had.  I hike often & have horses so I could have spent a lot of $ there. Have a friend looking for a kayak & asked a simple question about the used kayaks @ the front  ... The sales guy gave me a very condescending answer & chuckled. I will never go back & will spread the word!!   Thx  while still being ""in line"" to purchase boots. Maybe if the attendant said ""I will come find you when we're done"" or take a number."  every piece of hiking/climbing/backpacking gear I own is from this shop  glad you are still here !"  but be prepared to pay the price for it. If you're a serious outdoors enthusiast it may be worth it I was searching for a pair of Costa Sunglasses and located the Arizona Hiking Shack via Costa. These Amazing sunglasses are hard to find in Phoenix. Their selection of technical clothing was also impressive. True specialty shops are a rare find these days. I intend on supporting these professionals! Very friendly staff but not the best selection of gear and the price aren't the best. There are  better stores. I can't say enough about the quality of the staff... The best!" "Amazing this place stays in business given the owner's lack of customer service. I went in today looking for an Imlay Canyonero rope. After waiting around ~10 minutes the owner came to help me. He showed me an Imlay rope and I said ""that's a Canyonfire"" to which he replied ""I have no idea."" Then he started telling me about the differences between nylon and polyester rope and that the Canyonero is not a good rope for getting wet. I said I need the Canyonero it's the rope I want and it was designed to get wet. He left  biking and everything to do with trails b-IWZuVd3f0GcbtetwG5WA Well stocked hiking store with an interested I got greeted immediately when I walked into the store! The man helped me with exactly what I needed and exactly what I was looking for. He was very knowledgeable with his product! I really appreciate the great service and how genuine he was when he help me out today! I will be back for sure! Everyone here was pretty helpful and knowledgeable about hiking trails. Would definitely come back here to rent or buy equipment. Thank you so much! I look forward to breaking-in my new Scarpas!" They don't open until 10am though so don't show up too early!"  super friendly super knowledgeable and really love what they do. They have a great amount of options for gear and although they are a little on the pricey side I'd much rather support a local business where you have knowledge sales people who are really passionate about what they do." After looking at rei and champs we stumbled on this place on a hunch to get hiking boots. We were not only surprised by the help but they supplied us with routes and just genuine help.. These guys are great and I'd highly recommend anyone who is serious about hikingor outdoor activities to go here. Cheaper rental rates and overall amazing support.. These guys don't just work here they love the outdoors as well.. You won't regret going here..  thought I was going to get some hiking boots for a Oregon trip and didn't know much about them. After going to Rei and another sporting goods store we found this on a whim and got not only amazing boots which I'm grateful for but got a great place for information and service. They not only explained the boots but offered maps to hike in the area and gave their full attention to us the entire time with no hassles. We also rent a tent from this location which they showed how it worked and answered all of our questions. Very cool place Incredible product selection if camping/hiking/being outside is your thing. Over the moon smart employees who really know their stuff. The team is there to help you  friendly and fun staff. Places like this make me love and want to support small business. If they do not have it Great place to get gear.  40 plus years of rope rescue and spending long periods of time in the mountains. You will be steered to the right gear for the best price.  helpful and beyond patient. Very relaxed vibe when you walk in. Not at all intimidating. I rented hiking poles two weeks ago. The rental price was incredibly affordable. Unfortunately  how heavy a pack do I carry and where did I intend to use the new shoes along with a variety of ther questions. He recommended an OBOZ shoe (which was not one of my options at the time). He even provided me with the sock I was to use. He measured my foot and found I was a size 8.5 instead of 8. After trying them on and changing the lacing to accommodate my heel I loved the shoe and bought it on the spot. He did provide another shoe to try to see if it was better but it was not. I have been hiking in the new shoe and I could not be happier." I wait here to rent a backpack for a weekend hiking trip and they were so helpful. They get you the right size tell you where to pack things and even give tips for whatever hike you were doing. Dano and Jack helped me safe my life. Long story.... next time I need saving again I will so totally find them wherever they are on this planet that's how amazing they are keep up the good work men you turn me into a badass survivalist woman. 