One catch -- no returns or refunds."  I feel comfort in knowing that I stumbled upon one of Phoenix's bargain gems. Once I buy that new mansion The claim is this is model home staging furniture to be cleared out.  Until my home is furnished Furniture Affair is awesome! They have a great variety of affordable furniture and accessories that you don't see everywhere else. I am buying a second home in Phoenix and had been all over town looking for furniture. This was my last stop! The quality of the furniture and the choices are fantastic! I am decorating the house in modern/rustic/urban and I found all I needed here! Thank you Thank you Thank you Jon for dragging furniture next to other furniture to see if it fit with my design. I couldnt have asked for better staff was disappointed that several slightly used pieces i was looking at actually cost more than buying the same item completely new!! thank goodness for smart phones and being able to research things on the spot!! hopefully more consumers start doing that at places like this.  the colors and style weren't what I was looking for (not their fault).  Definitely worth a stop if looking for furnishings or accessories.  They had unique pieces that could definitely be a conversation starter and many quality pieces that would last much longer than furniture found in lower-end furniture stores that are so prevalent throughout the valley." Furniture Affair is the best store to pick up high end furniture for half the cost. There are a lot of items to look at and it can be overwhelming because the some of the items are heavily used.  I have picked up beautiful artificial plants and trees for the home . I probably saved over 300.00. "This place has a huge selection for furniture and accessories from model homes. It's a great place to look for unique items for your home. There are some high end pieces for a great price but don't assume that the prices are always the best. I have seen pieces that were priced higher here than I paid for the identical new items. Also "Great selection of model home furniture.  Arranged in very fashionable settings.  Pieces to match any budget "Love coming back here to look for new treasures. They have everything from formal dinning sets (a recent purchase of mine) to lamps I rated it a five-star because of their customer service. They were willing to come down on the price and were careful in loading my husband's car. It's a store that you may not always find what you are looking for the first time Come support local business and check this place out!" I called several consignment places to try to sell my furniture.  I ended up choosing furniture affair because of the fairness of what they pay you on and the quick responsiveness of jennifer.  I was able to sell most of my stuff through friends however furniture affair was willing to take what I had left and recommend a mover who was cheap and efficient and price my stuff at a fair price.  Looking forward to getting the last of my stuff sold. "This place is a hidden treasure in phoenix. Get ready to spend some quality time here looking around I love this store. They have really nice quality furniture for a good price. You can definitely find cheaper furniture at places such as living spaces and American furniture warehouse but this is definitely higher end. They are nice enough staff. They have a section of used vintagey items and a section of new. Check it out of you are looking for new furniture! "Furniture Affair sells mostly furniture from model homes that have been closed. The place has all kinds of amazing deals. Ridiculously great prices on some really cool furniture and accessories. I found a beautiful dining table "Underwhelmed. I spoke with another woman who was shopping at the same time as I was and she said ""this place is weird."" Couldn't have said it better. The quality of the pieces was inconsistent and the prices about what you'd find at most major-name department stores. I didn't find the employees friendly or helpful at all."  I rate a one due to the fact that I just spent 1/2 hour looking around the store and not one of the employees chatting behind the counter said a single word to me.  Not even a hello when I came through the door!  It's Saturday and I'm refurnishing three rooms in my home!  I guess they don't really need or value customers  and mix and match until I found the perfect combination of pieces-and all at excellent prices.  Furniture Affair is an affair to remember; I will definitely return!"  you know we are having a moving sale right?"" Lol ok what exactly does that mean? Anyways didn't really see much but over priced run down furniture .. I came in looking for an ottoman saw two that were completely filthy anyways I wouldn't waste my time again."  I did not ask for either. I asked another employee if they knew how angry she was and they told me she was the owner and they hated working for her. No thanks Nancy. Your mostly dated goods can collect dust."  and helping me find just the right piece to complete my room."  the furniture looks like what you can buy everywhere and although the pricing is reasonable....you get what you pay for....cheap stuff made overseas.  They claim it's all ""from model homes""...maybe some of it still is....but I'm betting most of it is ""container"" shipments that many of the ""value"" stores carry.  The previous gigantic 'warehouse"" Furniture Affaire occupied on 7th St. had a feel of 'discovery""...this new location is just another (much smaller) storefront with run-of-the-mill furniture. Disappointed to see this change. While the employees remain helpful and pleasant 