Also have fun selection of chocolate and candy." i use to go to this place few years ago and then i forgot about it after moving to another city.i just saw it on YELP and i remember their amazing selection.I think it is time for some russian caviar. I am a big time fan of the Russian honey cake and this place was a disappointment.  The cake had too much shortening added to it and the cake was really dry.  I will not buy honey cake from them again if they will cut out fresh quality ingredients to lower costs. I got a little bit of a lot of things. Loved the lager. Loved the chocolate. The deli meats were good but if you're unsure about any Don't be fooled.... there is PLENTY of parking in back." Try some of the home made salads for a treat."  who has a huge personality and runs this little empire." But semi-salted pickles are the best! mmmmmm I'm drooling just thinking about them :-p~" Definitely going back there."  however the horrible attitude you get from the owner makes you think twice about going to the store. If this was NY or LA he would be long out of business but due to the limited options in Phoenix he thinks he can get away with treating his long time customers like crap. Being Russian I have long come to understand the curt and non-friend behavior of other Russian's but Yasha is all together rude. He belittles and embarrasses his customers  if you like salami you need to try it. If you like pickles try the pickled tomatoes they have here. They also have a nice selection of caviar." This is place has various Russian and European products.  It is okay.  I still miss the Russian/Eastern European markets in Chicago that I would frequent prior to relocating to Arizona. "This place has such a nice selection of salami that I would go back just for that!  My husband enjoys the great prices on the variety of Eastern European beers they have.   Be sure to check out the various dumplings they have in the frozen section This is a nice little place.  Good variety of eastern european meats. My wife was searching for some items she would eat as a kid and Yashas actually carried the items.  They were open on memorial day which was nice.  we will be going back for sure. My wife was looking for Mici which isnt exactly carried at Safeway.  and they had it in the freezer along with a wide variety of meats.  the bakery items looked awesome. i will have to update my review when we  go back. I came here during the end of July while visiting my brother. The cashier was super friendly.  He even let me practice my Russian on him. My family and I bought four different cheeses and with some sausage. The old Kiev one was delicious. I'll be back for Thanksgiving weekend! They could make a killing with a good sandwich maker there!" The best European market in town huge place they have everything from salami to drinks to plates . Great prices and affordable . I will be back to buy fish soon.  this is the store for you and your staples.  Good selection of food from home for those yearning a taste" Which reminds me of the wonderful service. I always had someone asking if I needed help looking for something or if I was doing okay. :)" I love this store! It's very small but they carry an eclectic selection and it's a bit of a time travel to walk in and find Russian wares from candy to beer to fish to canned goods. The employees are very nice.  my mouth is watering-I foresee a trip to Yasha's very soon!"  there is also a lot of foods and beverages from other European countries such as Poland and the Baltic states. You can also come here for lunch from Monday to Friday  to try borscht "Great selection of Eastern European foods.  Great selection of wines WQJwpYwEFT_QTR-lFIh5mA "As original russian I used to love syrniki ( cheese pancake) traditional russian food. So today I bought some from this store. What I got was clump of  flower doe and few specks of cottage cheese. I just had to take picture of that shame  WQJwpYwEFT_QTR-lFIh5mA  and none of the things I was hoping for when I came here. What I did end up buying turned out to be the worst version of said item I have ever tasted. There are no freshly made deli foods of any kind. Quite a bummer of a place unless you are looking for something canned Everything you need to make a traditional Russian meal! The customer service is friendly and helpful. Good meat. Offers pasties too! So good. 