E_0vuWLPyWUy70OPgnMzjg  you read that title correctly!!! Bed Bugs!!! We had contacted this KOA prior to checking in to arrange for a late check-in for a basic Kamping Kabin since our flight into Charlotte was going to arrive late at night. The owners said that they would leave the cabin key with the bar next door. That should have been a sign to us right there. Anyway  this would be your place.  There are a few restaurants and grocery stores in the immediate vicinity that will make your evening's stay a little more tolerable.  No frills It was perfect for what we needed.  Very clean and the quiet.  Brought the kids down for a soccer tournament and just needed a place to sleep.  Its offseason so the place was relatively empty.  Kids took advantage of playground and mini golf.  Gas Station check in out was simple and convenient.  Will use this place again in the future.  NC. Would only consider staying here again if it was for a short 1 or 2 night stay. Gotta say I don't think anyone would love just hanging out here." I stayed at KOA - Charlotte Ft. Mill yesterday and I had a blast! This was my first time camping; we pitched a tent and everything. The women's bathroom shower area was super clean and readily available. The bathroom shower closest to our area was closed for renovations. The staff was friendly and helpful. We're planning to go back next week.  Thanks for making my stay awesome. The campground is very clean and appears to have at one time been pretty busy - but no more.  As I said we were here for the 4th and we were the only ones in the pool." Nice campground - pristine bathrooms (critical measurement) - nice pool - ample play areas - near the cheese store....only thing keeping this from a 5 star is the RV slabs are gravel and not concrete. (Lots of dirt to track inside)  there is the constant hum of traffic in the background.  But that is what happens with easy access." If you are traveling they here make sure u stop to camp. This spot deserves every award KOA would give out. Prost!" Easy to find off the highway. The sites are very close together but nice and flat so there was no problem leveling the coach.  WiFi internet is low speed and I could get better speed with my phone even though I had only one dot. My TiVo couldn't update my program schedule and my MacBookPro couldn't link up to the internet on WiFi. It might have been due to my firewall on my Mac but the TiVo's problem was due to port filtering by the campground. My windows 7 laptop could use the WiFi access. If I was staying longer than one night I'd look into the Mac issues."  and very conveniently located. The only issue for me was it was so close to the interstate that it was very noisy and the light from the nearby restaurants was very bright." Ok for 1 night stay. Already read reviews about highway noise. Of course we were put on back row nearest highway facing big commercial building. Couple running it were very friendly. No shade trees & grass needed mowing. Biggest peeve is grass not kept. Sufficient for a nights stay. 