I suppose I'm willing to share my new love with all of you- but be forewarned- she's a saucy mistress you'll be compelled to visit again and again. Oh- and she's cheap  explaining for us gringos how to enjoy the fare. And we did enjoy. I'm looking forward to making my way back sometime soon." Thanks to Kevin for getting the tip you and Amanda are wonderful company!" Over-ordered for lunch and I'm enjoying the leftovers as I type this review - just as good reheated."  and undo all my hard work at the gym." "What can I say about Guanaquito that has not already been said? This place is fantastic! I have had two opportunities to try their Pupusa plate and it's just fantastic. The pupusas are cooked to a perfect crisp on the outside. The inside is warm with meat and cheese. Even the rice and beans are great. I will hold back on giving the 5 stars because I want to try other dishes besides the pupusas This was good - better than Eliana's yes - but both are pretty damn good. And i felt like this place was Phoenix - super seedy exterior rbiRLiFTG098z9JaK3Nshw  which could have been a meal in itself. Our server was super-friendly and patient--it took us forever to decide. We left stuffed and satisfied."  you know it has serious healing properties. Here's where I learned that the Sopa de Gallina is chicken soup without the chicken meat and the Sopa de Pollo is the same thing but with the meat. Two huge Styrofoam cups to go with lemon wedges and 4 hot and fresh tortillas cost less than $6.00. I was stunned. The owner said it costs more with meat. Believe me I have never eaten El Salvadorean food before!  I was looking for something different and saw the reviews!  I called a friend from El Salvador and he suggested the Pupusas with cheese!  THEY WERE YUMMY!!!  Its my new favorite food!!!  I will be back!  Thanks! We will be going back and it will be nice to be able to walk over!" We also tried some fried yucca.  It was OK but very much like thick cut french fries."  we had some chicken dish with onions in a gravy-like sauce--also delicious--that came with a side of rice and beans (and a ""salad"" that was just some iceberg and tomato with a wedge of lime). The refried beans were some of the best I've had. And this whole dish cost $9 "A friend and I decided to try this place after reading the wonderful Yelp reviews.  We were not disappointed!  There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said.  Our server was very pleasant Always looking for a hole in the wall with fantastic food and this place is that in spades.  Decor and neighborhood is more on the old commercial district side but you put this food in a nicer area and your at five stars Good for lunch if you work in the downtown area not too packed." "Been there twice now.  Great servers and the owner is a sweetheart.  I ate the Pechuga Asada and a pupusa Locoye(sp?) this time.  The chicken was made right I will give this place one my try and I will be going with my native Spanish speaking friend."  my aunt makes the best pupusas.  Now with that being said this is a nice little hole in the wall.  The place is nice and clean.  The food is cheap and delicious.  The people are really friendly and the old man behind the register always seems to great me with a smile ( I think he is the owner).  Mind you pupusas are more filling then they look so don't over order.  I like the traditional queso con loroco.  The plantains are also delicious."  and had been resistant to trying Salvadorean food for a while - but this is now one of his favorite new hole-in the walls in Phoenix. We will be going back often!" The cheese and bean papusas were good. I had the house special fish fillet with salsa malta and she had the camerones plancha. We both enjoyed our meals and will likely return in the future." We liked this place. The pupusas were great. Service was also good. We've recommended to family and friends.  but i would've loved to have a beer with my dinner. Only juices and sodas at this place." I think the meal was worth the money.  Try it." On a fun side note my co worker got the ""French style chicken""  which was 3 breaded chicken breasts over pasta with a lemon butter sauce.  What compelled him to get French food that looked like Italian food at a Salvadorian place I will never know."  and some slaw. We all loved it all except half our party passed on the tamales and we all agreed the pickled slaw wasn't the greatest; I would've preferred the slaw to have had more time to develop it's flavors and wilt a bit - it was also very sweet and I like my non-creamy slaws with a little more tang. We also had a side of fried plantains that were accompanied by crema fresca and beans (AWESOME!) "Good for mainly POPUSAS!!!! The place is located in a sketchy area and if you look around it almost seems not worth to try it. Forget about appearances and just sit for some Popusas!!! Their menu is in Spanish and  English It was fun eating here even though the first impression was where did they take us.  The owners and waitreass were so nice and it was my first time eating Salvadoran food.  Just for that I had a great time.  I would go back now when I return to sunny Ariazona." The juevos con chorizo are smokey and delicious and blow my mind each time I get em." Note: Parking is out back and they close at 8:30."  but it's been a rare expereince for me to enjoy that sense of satisfaction from foods prepared by others in Phoenix. This has got to be one of our best local restaurants." "I went here a couple friday's ago with friends. We all got the same thing the meat and cheese filled papusa meal. I love papusas and this place is legit on these. Im not a fan of black beans so I get the pinto beans with the meal. I ordered the horchata thinking it was going to taste like every other horchata I have had. El salvadorian horchata is not the same as your typical Mexican horcahata Best pupusas in Phoenix rbiRLiFTG098z9JaK3Nshw  yucca was the bomb (first time I eaten yucca) and the tamal wrapped in banana leaf was an unexpected surprise. From El Paso Texas with love...I'll definetly come back the next time I'm in Phoenix...salsa roja estaba deliciosa...."  but very clean dining area.  The menu sounded good and had photos of everything to make it easy to choose.  my daughter and We ordered the Plato Tipico to get an idea of what they had to offer.   The tamale smelled and tasted of funky fish (I think it was actually pork and potato) with under cooked masa  almost looks lifeless from the street. ""Never judge a book by its cover"" definitely applies to this place. This place has some good and very authentic Salvadorian food. Came here and got my usual choice of salvi treats The place might be easy to miss and I'll say that living right down the street and just happen to find it thanks to yelp! We'll I was looking for popusas and this place showed up. It was a little difficult figuring out where the entrance was since it's next to a building and has a small entrance to the back parking lot. Place looks very sketchy outside and as your walking in. So we decided to try a combo that came with that delicious  Curtido. Popusas were amazing! That is all I have tried and I keep going back just for that. I gave it four stars just because service could have been better. But this place is definitely worth trying!  great customer service and really nice restaurant  the parking lot is a little sketchy feeling right when you pull in but when you park there's plenty of lighting over the back door. Try it!" Tip- entrance is in the back" Been coming here since I was a little girl . I'm salvadorian myself and their pupusas are the best in AZ !! You can't add a tip to your credit card receipt so bring cash."  and the sopa De pata. If you like menudo you'll like the sopa De pata. I give all the credit to my girlfriend for introducing me to this place. I owe her big time. Yummy yummy for the tummy." "I love this place! I'm half salvadorian and grew up eating many of the meals on the menu. Coming here makes me feel nostalgic. And everything is so delicious! It's always worth the trip coming from Ahwatukee. I've tried many pupusas throughout Phoenix  it includes all the Goodies that El Salvador is known for... The service is always friendly and prompt... HANDS DOWN!!! The best Salvadoren food in Phoenix..."  I am on my way to get some pupusas for luch.. Their only 1.75 ea.. You cant beat that."  but I have had some of their other dishes as well and everything I've ordered has been good. One of my other favorite dishes is the grilled shrimp. It's got tons of flavor. I highly recommend Guanaquito."  and they are awesome. But the chicken sandwich (pan con pollo) is one of the best sandwiches I ever had in my life. Shredded  and price is even better. Their agua de ensalada never disappoints. The budin is Delicious but they don't always have it fresh on Thursdays but when they do it's a must have. They have recently made the salsa that goes with the pupusas too spicy for my liking  this was a nice family owned place tucked away on McDowell and you have to enter from the back (which is funky but I felt gives it an authentic feel). I'd come back for the pupusas." rbiRLiFTG098z9JaK3Nshw Totally unassuming place that serves up good food at a good value and offers a decent ambiance. Get the popusas and Salvadoran Tamales. Yum!  three stars for the second visit - that averages out to 4 stars for my experience here." Now I am looking forward to going back and trying out other items on the menu  it was good. So if you want some cheap eats and some kind of crazy filled mini pancakes. This is the place for you." "What a hidden gem! The atmosphere is very unpretentious and the food is so on point. It's really great! I had the Pupuseria meal with beans and rice. Hands down the best Pupusas I've tasted Pupusas in Central America  gives you a little of everything. To drink I had an ensalada it's a must try yummy. Definitely recommend. Very busy had to wait a while to be waited on. Other then that it's was great." "I am in love.  This humble restaurant is so well hidden I drove past it twice a day for nine years without realizing its hidden delights.  The food is fresh Very good food and friendly staff. This was my first time trying Salvadorian food. The suggestions by the waiters was very good. I would defiantly go back.  it had the consistency of rice pudding.... I didn't want to ask anything else haha) rolled in sugar. It was great. I will definitely return to this fantastic restaurant!" I'm not sure if they understand what unsweet ice tea was but mine was super duper sweet. Maybe avoid that if you are looking for standard unsweet ice tea. I would recommend this to anyone looking to try something new. Plantains are wonderful as well so don't be shy with those bad boys."  the service was friendly and I felt perfectly at home here despite my (obvious) lack of familiarity with the cuisine.  Next time I'm here I'll dive deeper into the menu for their seafood and other desserts.  All in all  I mean just at first glance because the entrance is in the back of an alley so it doesn't give off warm and fuzzy. It's a very humble mom and pop kind of place but man are the Papusas on point. My husband is Salvadorian and we have searched the Tucson/Phoenix area for quality Pupusas and by far this is the best place there is. We have brought several friends here who don't know what Salvadorian food is and the've loved it every-time "This place is unbelievable. I have tried several El Salavadorian restaurants but this is by far the best one in the city. The Papusas are so delicious that after eating then one time I have been back every week because I crave them! The cheese and Loroco Papusas are the best choice. Order them with the traditional salad "I have driven by this place for years and never thought to stop in until it was recommended to me by someone who works for Yelp.  They told me it was their ""go to"" place to enjoy some tasty Salvadoran food.  We stopped in this weekend and I thoroughly enjoyed my pupusa plate - zucchini & cheese Lunch for two for under 20 bucks. It doesn't get any better.  If your in the area give Guanaquito a try."  hearty and good Salvadoran food. The photo is a traditional Chicken Sandwich. It was so tasteful  the bill was $37 ! Since I had water for my drink I was shocked at the high total of the bill! Turns out that the yuca alone was $6 for each plate The food is amazing. Excellent service and great flavor seasoning. You won't get wrong walking in. (Friendly note here: it's spelled pUpusas Lots of food! We had the Plata Tipica and El Order de Papusas with horchata and sopa de gallina. Everything was good and inexpensive. Friendly family running the house.  A bit chilly in the dining room. My least favorite was the tamal  but that's because I prefer Mexican style tamales.  especially the pupusas.. Very authentic and delicious food. The food gave my dad memories of growing up in El Salvador.... the horchata is ok but kind of tastes like it has a hint of bubblegum flavor for some reason and I wish their tamales had green olives in them like I'm used to having. Other than that The food is amazing. Excellent service and great flavor seasoning. You won't get wrong walking in.  plus they charge you extra for the loroco that is missing. Pupusas are also smaller than at other restaurants. We complained to the waitress but nothing was done. We  were so disappointed that we went home and made some real pupusas de queso y loroco."  and the pickled cabbage looked tired.  The pupusas looked good but were a bit doughy.  My companion did enjoy her relleno though."  filling lunch. The service was good. Definitely a place to stop by before heading back home." But the 4 stars are well earned!! The pupusas are delicious and authentic !! So is the steak huevos rice and beans mixed. The platano was also a good side! I'll come back again."  so I will probably start calling in my order and picking it up for lunch during weekdays!!! The desserts are good The food is so delish. They started with some complimentary chips and salsa. We ordered the pupusa platter and it was so.darn.good! They are pan fried pancake sized corn masa discs stuffed with savory ingredients. I had the chicarron As others have said this place is hidden barely could see the sign on the front of the building.  The food is decent i ordered the shrimp fajitas the tortillas they use are thick and small making it kind of hard to eat with but they are good. Its overpriced overall for food and service waited 20 min for a refill on my drink and waited over an hr on the food which we went at 11am and hardly anyone was in there. "The food was not as expected this time. The service was not the best either. They were charging us way more in tax. Current Phoenix sales tax is 8.6% and we were being charged 9%. I would definitely make sure your check is correct. We will no longer be returning. They spoiled a family evening meal with dishonesty and bad customer service.  Also Eliana's is so inexpensive and such a wonderful experience. Everyone can find something they'll like- low spiciness  then proceeded to go into perfect detail.  I guess its impossible for me not to be long-winded.  Oh well...you finished reading  but unfortunately that's not an option and I didn't think it'd merit a whole extra star on its own."  what they cook them with and how they get the texture [blender]. It was a delicious and satisfying lunch. Plenty of food for $21 plus tip." This place is wonderful and delicious. And totally reasonably priced." Papusas.  Need I say more?" Pupusas (drools) ""give me a towel boy"" (drools)" The drink we had was pretty good. And yes it was a fluorescent yellow."  you will leave very full and very satisfied."  my particular meal wasn't spicy or greasy it was just the best thing I have tasted in weeks and it's definitely budget friendly!"  again and again ... and thank goodness I have a huge appetite."  and varied in texture. We had a very helpful man suggest items from the menu. I strongly recommend the fruit drink with chunks of fruit (in the picture). And they have pupusas that are really good with fresh coleslaw. Try this as an appetizer. The tortillas are not what you might be used to --they are about 5"" in diameter and thick like a pancake. But they are made fresh and are really nice. My companion had the aroz valenciana which was tasty and I had the Elianas favorite which was grilled chicken with that terrific latin american creme cheese. Mmmmmm... cheese! The service was consistent and friendly and the food was tasty and a nice break from all the Mexican joints in the area."  they have many more waiting.  I don't understand how a place with one or two waitresses can even expect to adequately service their customers correctly.  I have been overcharged and never received items that I have ordered that were still on my check and I had to argue with the owner.  It is by far the worst service I have ever received in this city.  About 5 people I work with have all sworn to never return to this store." That was in 1998.  I come here every so often when I get a ""hankering"" for Pupusas and have become very familiar with the proprietor and his family.  AWESOME food  the food is very bland. i don't know if that's a characteristic of salvadoran food Annnnd I'm out of characters. If you want to hear about the Chile Relleno or the Ensalada beverage  ""They were bland!""  I guess we will be continuing our search for comparable pupusas I will be back.  Don't you worry.  I will be back.  This time with more friends."  thank you for trying out this food but it is not Mexican food.  I can recommend some of those if you msg me"  and something I cant remember the name of that was Plantain with Sour Cream and Beans. Food was delicious in it's own way. Not too impressed with the bean and cheese Pupusa but my sis just about died of the cheese Pupusa. The plantains were awesome I really like this place. We used to come here often and then didn't for a long time just because we weren't in the hood when they were open. The las two weeks I've been by and had a late lunch. The people that t=run this place are so genuinely nice. The ensalada drink is refreshing in this heat. I usually get a veg papusa and fried plantain. My husband had the chicken soup and loved it and then the chicken special and loved it. I'm so glad we went back.   It was dry and there wasn't any sauce.   I could have cooked better fish.  My Fajitas de Camaron con Pollo o con carne ( fajitas of shrimp and chicken with refried beans. My chicken was dry and the shrimp didn't have any flavor to them.  Applebee's fajitas was definitely better and that's not saying much.  The total bill came out to $32.39 which isn't bad.  We were disappointed with the food.  There wasn't much flavor to the food. The only nice compliment my friend had about the meal was it was a healthy.  Screw that!  If I wanted healthy The pupusas were crazy delicious though. I would totally return for these. (And only these.)"  and about half of the sauce.  Yummy goodness!  I've tried a few other things on their menu:  fried yucca (interesting) beans and cream for dessert (not so much).  I'll stick with what I know and love.  Plus  we decided to have lunch.  It was wonderful and we highly recommend it.  Everyone was very friendly and the food was delicious.  There were 3 of us and we each had something different.  Every dish was fresh and flavorful.  The juice drinks (I wish I could remember the names) were very good.  We will definitely go back."  the fried plantain with bean and sour cream appetizer.  Really enjoyed all of them.  Can't say I could pick a favorite.  My husband had the chicken and sour cream and my son had the carne asada.  They enjoyed their dinner but I thought the appetizers I ate looked better." Their fresh fruit drinks were really tasty as was the Tamarindo. Altogether a small menu but I felt like I was at home q2SZa5g85758iW1L9sSL1g Supporting local business with international flavor.  What's not to like?  papusas and the best iced tea in the world." The service is so friendly and welcoming.  Go there!" Oh yah. And get down with some Papusas. You want be sorry."  El Salvador last summer. The only difference is those cost me 25 cents each while these are 20 times that. I guess that's what happens when you have to pass American health codes..." My favorite is the Arroz A La Valenciana. All the vegetables are fresh and the pupusas are excellent." Really nice place to catch a reasonably priced dinner! From the outside it doesnt look all that special but dont let that fool you. Inside is clean and nicely decorated. Service is friendly and prompt. I had a grilled chicken breast served with peppers and onions with a sour cream sauce along with beans and rice...thumbs up to the dish! Wouldn't hesitate to come back again soon!  the food was really great and it was very affordable.  The Pupusa's were amazing!  I also loved their mango iced tea and the desserts were really tasty as well."  I was very impressed. This place is definitely going to become one of my regulars!" Excellent food.  Everything was delicious and not at all greasy-tasting (which is unusually for foods like pupusas and friend plantains).  One of the best latin restaurants in AZ.  which is a rice dish with chicken and shrimp mixed in. Both were delicious. I will definitely be back to try some more dishes." We'll definitely be coming back. And next time we'll bring friends and family so they can try it out too! Great place." "A favorite for excellent El Salvadoran food. Can't get enough of the pupusas When noticed I not happy"  chicken tamale rice and beans.  Pineapple fruit drink was delicious.  We were on our way to the celebrity theatre and stopped to have a bite to eat.  It was only 5 minutes away.   Place is very clean the spicey cabbage went really well with the pupusas (this was my favorite).  The soup had lots of goodies to add to the soup.  Their vegetables were really al dente yummy.  We will be back again." "The best ever!!! You must try the pupusas!! The plantains with cream and beans are to die for! Also  along with meals of chile relleno and carne asada.  Eliana's simple menu of homestyle Salvadoran food may have been novel and interesting to diners 25+ years ago when this place first opened "I think they display too much religious idolatry at this restaurant and they also had some religious trinkets for sale at the cash register. This place felt like a dusty old shrine as much as a restaurant which made me feel a little uncomfortable. Good thing I just popped in here for a to go order. I could have gotten better food down the street out of the Vaquero's drive thru window. Even their famous pupusa was just OK That's when i herd the lady read back her order and it was similar  to my order. I  figured i could find a place with better customer  service.  (Guanagitos) located 10 blocks down the road.  Excellent  service the previous  server elianas had and food was tasty  and timely  manner served." "Whoever the old guy in reading glasses needs to learn some tact....i tried going in on a Saturday at 5:50 but there was a private party...all he said was ""we're closed"" no explaining as to why and didn't offer alternative times to come back....well since he obviously doesn't give a fk if customers come back or not  carne asada and bisteca and loved all of it. The owner was our waiter and he was very friendly and helpful. We will definitely be back. Oh and the ends lads drink was real yummy. My daughter ordered the horchata and we liked it better than Mexican horchata"  pretty much everything we have ever had.  And the horchata de morro is really good.  They also have some of the best beans anywhere in town." I really don't know where I should start with the food or being over charged... Well I'll tell u the mixed pupusa Was only masa and the horchata was so watered down I can't believe it why???? Why would u do that to your own business? As for as over charging people u have to live with that. It might be your last dollar so spend it wisely!!!! When u do lose your business and u will guaranteed. Reread this to your self and don't ask why!!!! No thank you. Never again." Most amazing Salvadorian cuisine in Arizona.  Love this place so much been coming here for years.  Most definitely recommend going here for anyone who wants to taste the most delicious pupusas in the North American border. Delicious! Very reasonable prices. Only wish i had room for dessert.....Cash only on Saturdays and Sundays The food is amazing.  I'm sitting here after I've eaten pupasas and some of the best carne asade I have had.  There is nothing like being full and satisifed after eating at a restaurant. Tried a little bit of a lot of things. It was all so good. The carne asada was awesome and the favorito de elianas was sooo good!! Restaurant was super clean and the owners were very friendly. Definitely going back. The food was so tasty and non greasy. El Salvador style food is new to me and I like it! I am not a fan of traditional Mexican food....this is a great alternative for Latin flavors. I will return for sure!" average tab for 1 person $10-16"  it looks like dirty water lol but I promise you it tastes awesome! The beans texture throws you off because it's soupy but once again the flavor is insane! Also 