 get ""The Mixed Grill""... Gab and Eat's brand of the ""kitchen sink"" breakfast that all Midwest places are about."  that's all I have to say. The Gab and Eat is famous and infamous. Diner food is what's up and I like it. When I was a roofing mechanic  well lets just say I don't think there are two matching plates or coffee mugs in the joint.  But the coffee's good and hot and refreshed often as the service is good  but when nothing but monster morning food will do  the server was very friendly in a busy grandma kind of way.  The best part - they have ""dippy"" eggs on the menu and define the degree of dippy you can order.  For anyone who has never heard of a ""dippy"" egg - this means sunny side up or over medium where the eggs are still runny and you can dip your bread in them.  The eggs were great - I ordered mine over medium "I miss this place. When I return home to pittsburgh this is always a must to ease myself into a saturday morning recovery after getting banged up on cheap south side cocktails the night before. When I think of pittsburgh -My favorite item: hot sausage sandwich on thick Italian toast Love this place.  Never had a bad meal.  Good portions and great people.  Be ready to stand in line. Remember it is a diner.  Don't expect fancy decor."  the food was awesome and the service was great.  Tiny place with a friendly atmosphere.  The homemade italian toast is wonderful.  I suggest the mix grill with a side of sausage Definitely a greasy spoon! Always packed here and always a wait but worth it. The omelets are really tastey especially with their homemade sausage. I also like the mixed grill.  My parents love their burgers. Took off a star for lumpy booths and really tight tables (your arm gets hit when someone walks past) oh and waitresses aren't very attentive. Have fun finding a table on the weekend :)"  and Gino at the counter every a.m. about 0830 and say hi. Try the mixed grill (half)." I'd rather go to a Denny's and order the ""create your own Grand Slam!""" It's hard to find a place that makes a better breakfast than you could make by yourself at home  and especially the breakfast. Never been disappointed. You have to try French toast with raisin bread too... yummy!" Great Diner!  Their breakfast is the best in the area!  Lots of  choices and always good.  Love the unique mugs they use for coffee and all the writing on the wall.  Get there early otherwise you will not get a seat!  They have homemade hot sweet sausage and texas toast. A few tips: 1.) Order the Mixed Grill.  2.) Cash only!  3.) Gab and Eat is a popular place but also very small and narrow (or cozy if you will).  I recommend going during the week when they are still busy but can accomodate a group.  That way you won't feel rushed or crowded.  4.) Get to Gab and Eat ASAP!  You'll be glad you did!" Only bad thing that could happen is some douche bag from the Food Network or Travel Channel will make this place famous I will definitely go back after I buy some new stretchy pants."  but the wait is never too long.  Everyone is friendly and has obviously been working there for a while.  If you are feeling like lunch food go a little later Good local spot to grab breakfast. Good prices for the amount of food you get. You can sit at the booths or at the counter  interesting coffee mugs. They have great deserts and such also. Bring your cash though as they dont' take cards." Can't wait to return." "This is exactly what a breakfast place should be like--comfortable While I can't say it's the best breakfast in Pittsburgh (only here 3 days)  silverware and napkins at us as she walked behind the counter.  At least she didn't throw the food when it came!   She also served the fries and Onion rings way before our burgers came out which was kind of weird.   They were nice and hot but would have been cold had we waited for the burgers.   It didn't factor into my four star rating but I deduct a star from nephew because he invited us out to lunch then allowed me pay!   Just kidding Justin!   Love ya!" Totally recommended. Come hungry." Wow! Read the great reviews and I was not let down. Huge portions. The mixed grill was THE best breakfast I've ever had. If you go to Pittsburgh it is a must eat. Service was superb. Friendly staff. Led zeppelin on the walls. .....what else could you ask for?  it gets a little boring after awhile. So today when I arrived I expected the same old experience. Wow was I wrong! As soon as I looked at the door I knew something was different. The place seemed lighter and brighter. To my pleasant surprise "A gem. The coffee cups are mismatched . The owner is three feet away from me cooking. The sausage is made for them locally. And the food is frickin awesome. I had the pancakes Best breakfast and lunch food in the Pgh South Hills hands down."  Cajun homefries and crispy bacon. Gab and Eat is definitely a place I world recommend to locals. I was stuffed and the bill was only $8.00."  and most times I've been there the owner is cooking at the grill herself." A fine breakfast joint. You gotta love the small diners. Highly recommended. "Gab n Eat is the best breakfast in Pittsburgh and always a treat.  We went there around 11:30 which brought up the lunch. Vs breakfast debate. I saw another customers soup and knew i would have to try it. The soup was a  Lobster Bisque and it was amazing.....creamy deliciousness. I could have had a quart of it. Yum!  I ended up ordering the create your own mixed grill. (When at Gab n Eat. You have to order the 1 2 grill) I had mine with bacon. Bacon was crisp and delish. and M ordered the regular mixed grill. We also shared an order of potato pancakes. They even brought us 2 sides of applesauce and sour cream. The pancakes could have been a tiny bit crisper  but we probably won't go out of our way to go here again  this is a great cheap eats for both lunch and breakfast. Its almost like going back in time to where the old style local diners or Isaly's to get made to order diner style food. Love the eggs made perfectly to order and a variety of lunch offering at extremely affordable prices. I only wish Gab & Eat would move to my neighborhood."  then booths set up right beside it! They also have a pretty cool breakfast bar where you can sit and watch them grill all of the food to order. The coffee cups didn't match - they were all Christmas mugs lol - they have a wall in the back where you can sign your name with a dry erase marker  and a great ""diner"" atmosphere.  It's the kind of place that allows you to decompress and enjoy good conversation with friends." One of my favorite breakfast stops in Pittsburgh! Can't beat the hometown feel of this place. Always had great service.  which was surprising because we've been to a lot of diners. My husband and I both got omelettes and agreed that the contents were not really cooked with the egg. It's almost like the egg was completely cooked and someone threw the cooked contents in there and just folded it over. As for my mushroom and cheese omelette A hidden gem. Don't miss it." THE best breakfast place BY FAR. I never even liked breakfast food until trying their eggs and French toast. Cash only - be prepared."  and staff! The prices are great and the food is prepared quickly! Veggie omelet with cheese is my favorite!" A lot of food for a great price. Been eating here for years. They only take cash so make sure you stop by the ATM on your way there! My only complaint is that i ordered my mixed grill with cheese. I thought it was going to be shredded cheddar  and lettuce.... Bun was a smidge small for all the goodies in it but what's to complain about there?  My Date got the bagel sandwich and ""Hey Rayed"" it (adding breakfast potatoes and cole slaw) it was amazing and large enough that she now has lunch as well. I also got a cup the chicken poblano soup This place is great. Best ham and cheese inlet I've ever had! Their burgers are also delicious. Nice flat-top crust on the burger. I only wish they were open for dinner too!  too.}. I got the turkey club on wholewheat...OMG...it was delish.  Too much for me to eat because it came with a large plate of home made French Fries.  If you are really hungry and don't count calories...make a stop here."  the workers are very friendly and we love going there !!"  sausage...you name it. The service is what you'd expect it to be. :) love love love this place. You will more then likely have to wait for a seat on a weekend. Well worth the wait." Just be prepared to go for the food Used to love this place. People are nice and friendly.  Excellent food great pancakes Only stopped going after finding a roach in my potatoes   It's a shame the place was one of my favorites.  Bit can't go back after that experience This is our favorite breakfast spots.  Fast friendly service. You get more than what you pay for. Awesome!  my husband ordered a medium rare hamburger and got a burnt paper thin patty.  When we told the waitress she sent the cook over and he gave us attitude and was a total jerk.  He wanted to put my omelet in the microwave.  If I wanted a microwave omelet I would have gone to burger king." Gab and Eat is located in a small strip mall just on the cusp of the entrance to Carnegie. It is easy to miss if you are looking for a particular building." We were in and out within 30 minutes with our stomachs full and happy. They only take cash though. So make sure you have some green in your wallet before you stop by." I have food poisoning. 100% definitely food poisoning. I haven't eaten anything but pretzel rods and nutrition bars before breakfast here since 1pm the day before. I obviously haven't eaten since. There's actually no other place I could have contracted it." Breakfast was real good. Toast was great. 3 of us all liked our food. Plus got sandwiches to go. Lots of food for a  reasonable price. May have to wait to be seated. Great small diner. Will return again.  Carnegie Coffee Company down the street." Probably won't ever go back since there are similar breakfast places closer to where I live that are more kid friendly You really can't go wrong here. It's a great place for cheap eats!"  and good quality food & coffee. Panera is a great place to hang out and read the news - they even have free WiFi! Try their toasted sandwiches "I live close by so I go here frequently pretty much for the free WIFI and espresso. But here's a secret - they don't seem to know what an Americano is so often I am charged like 75 cents for a double shot of espresso to which they add hot water upon my request. Needless to say coffee is not expensive here as you can fill up as many times as needed without being hassled. Although there regular coffee is undrinkable to my taste. Pastries are baked fresh and are plentiful. There is other foods to choose from ie whole grain bagels are edible and about a buck with no extra charge for butta. Outside seating and people watching is always a good distraction plus there are all kinds of people who frequent this Panera from the very very old and decrepit to the fashionistas taking a break from Victoria Secrets  Panera is my best choice.  It's definitely predictable and usually tasty.  But there isn't much special about it  give a fork with the Mac and Cheese I'll definitely be returning soon!"  we asked why they made us that instead of what we ordered---'oh it was the closest to what you wanted'.....hmmmm how about you tell us that before we pay They have warm cookies for $2.00.  That is a nice feature."  and all around nicer.  Of course I would never go out of my way to get here but if you're at Barnes and Noble and aren't happy with the sandwiches there (which I was) I would venture on over to Panera." Service here is pretty bad. They were out of napkins and cup lids. I ordered chicken tortellini pasta and chicken noodle soup. My chicken seemed undercooked in the pasta and there wasn't any chicken in my soup. "Amazing amazing place and I really enjoy to eat there and drink the prices they not high Panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant I have ever been to. I have posted two pictures of the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad. The first one looks delicious the second one looks like they could've used a smaller bowl. It did not even look appetizing.  ingredients included.  After looking through it for a few minutes I was able to select the bread I wanted.  They will sliced the bread thick or thin for you there right now.  If you would rather slice yourself FiXamVMgMf9U0VqFHDZSEA Non existent internet service.   I came here to do some work on my laptop and the internet speed wasn't strong enough.  :( If you need a place to meet someone to chat or get some work done it is a good place. Food wise there are many other choices to consider around the city for better food at the same prices." "Panera is one of our family's favorite restaurants. Everything is great. Kids love bagels and chicken noodle soup. Adults usually order ""you pick two"". Sandwiches  the service is slow and unfriendly (there was no line and it took a few moments for someone to notice there were customers trying to order). I was surprised that I was automatically given a baguette with my meal rather than being offered a choice between the bread I normally eat here when I'm in a hurry and don't have time to sit down at a regular restaurant. They do use fresh breads and they do cater. You can also order your holiday baked goods or breads for your parties." Stopped by Sunday morning. The light roast coffee was cold. I ordered a Steak & Egg breakfast sandwich. The Steak was ice cold. The slice of tomato that I had them add was not ripe. Panera quality should be consistent no matter what location you visit. Very disappointing considering their pricing structure. "DO NOT EAT THE PASTRIES! We saw the manager do a nightly count of all the pastries and touched everyone with his fingers (no gloves). I commented and said excuse me you are touching all of the pastries with no gloves??! He looked at me and said  there's a big hump in the floor - see if you can find it!" "Service here has gone considerably downhill. Orders messed up I don't expect much from subway to begin with and this location is a far cry from bare minimum."  only one exit that is next to the drivethru line. If the drivethru is backed up then you have to either wait or go out of one of the entrances which can cause an accident." "the food is fresh. the current crew won't greet you with attitude. fast service. if there is no response at the speaker in the drive-thru Does not honor National Sub Day offer. They tell you JUST as you are about to pay. Too late to back out. WTF?  it just needed some spices and salt and pepper for goodness sake. The pasta was cooked well and the sauce was fine though. My husband was not thrilled with his pasta primavera Better than Soho down the street. Fairly original menu. Reasonably priced. 1 hour later I was sick on the side of the road from the dinner and still feel really rough this morning."  but not for a speaking event. I can't comment on food drink as I didn't have any. The atmosphere is nice BUT I wasn't too impressed with the layout of the whole place. Didn't see to have a good flow to it. Also "Solid if not fantastic Italian food. But the best part is it's right beside PNC Park. It's fun to sit outside and listen to a game going on while you munch. The seafood was much better than I'd have thought for such a touristy spot. Sometimes you just hit a place at the right time in the right mood "" to show any sort of hospitality.  No personality or spark.  I don't know if they hate working there or hate serving people.  It's puzzling.  Why be in the service business if you have a bad attitude?  I have been here a couple of times and it doesn't change.  They just look at you blankly  I want ballpark food. So I head to Atria's when the Bucs are out of town." Honestly though. you are better off eating the park. I mean who doesn't love Manny's BBQ?" "My husband and I are Cubs fans and flew into Pittsburgh to see Friday and Saturday's Cubs-Pirates game this past weekend (7 7 & 8).  We got to PNC Park around 5 p.m. and since the gates weren't open we decided to sit and have some drinks before the game.  We stopped first at Atria's.  Although there was only one other table occupied outside  I hate this place.  People from work drag me here to lunch more often than I would like.  The food is overpriced.  The service is snotty and slow.  I can barely get free in under an hour-and-a-half.  The food is forgettable and the menu sparse.  They're terrible for pick-up too - even when you call way ahead  looking at the city skyline and seeing people walk around before a Pirates game is an interested dinner experience. But don't go for the menu."  everything is just grand in Pittsburgh when the October weather is so beautiful!! But we had a great 'lil Saturday lunch here at Atria's after walking our new puppy around the North Shore. They have plenty of outdoor tables (in the shade) and we grabbed a corner one with our pup. They were totally cool about it While Atria's is fine for a glass of wine before a Pirate's game if a table is open outside I think the low marks for this place are unwarranted. Quality of food at this location is every bit as good as the other Atria's around town. Pot roast nachos are out of this world!  because it's the least ""stuffy"" and pretentious location of them all I love the salads here. Very healthy. Ahi tuna is my favorite. I will keep coming back for kore.  Keeep up the good work. Cant wait for baseball season to start so I can hang out even more. My boys will be hitting it up all Season long! Go Bucks! Atria's is a pretty good restaurant if you're at or near PNC Park - as expected from anything located in a ballpark it's not the best restaurant ever but it's consistently decent.  On different visits I have tried the Margherita Flatbread and Cheese Dip which were both fine (although the fried pita chips were really salty) as well as the Diablo pasta which was okay and the Pork Filet Gorgonzola which was quite good.  In an ideal world I would walk over the bridge and eat at a more unique restaurant downtown but when I have to choose from something nearby Atria's is one of the better choices.  A number of my colleagues prefer this as their go-to restaurant and while I'm not quite as enamored as them I definitely consider this an A-OK restaurant and I'll be back. The Atria's I know and love is back!" Kept going back daily while in P town getting giant cup of it...wow...its unbelievable."  but should be avoided when the Pirates aren't in town. It isn't a BAD experience. If you are siting outside and you have a view of Pittsburgh Would I recommend the place? Probably not but it was certainly not a bad experience! Just one that didn't stand out for the money you'll spend."  but it wasn't the worst thing I've ever had. Wasn't the best either. I think what really turned me off was the whole experience. Service  and pasta. The management was lovely and really involved during any party issues. The staff was also very kind and able to keep everyone's glass full Will give them 1 star for tasty Pepsi and keeping it filled." We came across Atria's looking for another restaurant but I was not disappointed! The Crab Bisque soup was creamy and delicious. I ordered chicken parmesan and it was fantastic as well. Ask for the cream vodka sauce! Portion was huge but it made a fine lunch the next day. Would definitely return to Atria's. "Went before a baseball game with the kids. Limited menu. My husband asked the same server 3 times for a water  but they must have been running low and it must have been half sherry because it tasted like I was taking a shot of cheap white wine with every bite. Hope the dinner fare is better."  and had a great dinner. Their steak is terrific as are their bbq pork quesadillas. Desserts are all amazing too (i recommend the peanut butter mousse). We've been to 3 Atria's so far There are not many options for good dining on the North Shore and by process of elimination this is where we ended up during a Pirates game.  We were seated pretty quickly and they have options for indoor and outdoor dining. It was opening day and quite crowded but our server did a nice job. I started off with a Corona. My big disappointment was they had a special game day menu and it was very limited with not many options.  I went with the cobb salad and it was very good-fresh veggies and a nice portion size.  I do think that the prices are a little high. This is my favorite place to grab a drink and or a snack before a ball game. Great staff and a large bar make this place perfect to meet friends. And the beer is way cheaper than beer in the park. i'd try another atria's before i'd go back to this one. but now i'm weary of the restaurant all together." "I came here just before a Pirates game so it was extremely busy. As a result I sat at the bar. I ordered the Pacific Salmon salad and it was absolutely delicious. The service was very friendly and attentive. The price seemed reasonable. My only issues were that there were some left over plates of food nearby that were waiting to be taken away that sort of detracted from the experience. Also  he came back only to attempt to take away our menus not to take our order. I had to ask to order entrees. It was just odd. I've heard similar things from others that have been there on our music nights."  Chicken and Sauerkraut. I figured that this would be something different. The sausage was great and so were the perogies. I did not care for the chicken too much. It was dark meat with bread crumbs. I prefer white meat so that was probably the reason. I also tasted my friends steak  hoagie. I am from the area so I have had better. It was a little dry and not enough cheese and onions. The outdoors ambiance was great! Pittsburgh has a great downtown. Nothing like Detroit. It was alive   they refused to seat the others.  Not even to just get drinks or an appetizer ordered.  So they left to go to some place that would serve them (Dominic's)  This place clearly couldn't be bothered to have our business Entertainment:  I've been trying to like jazz for awhile now and not all that successfully.  Last night was a winner for jazz band quality and for the vocalist's quality.  Very nice  the food is like homemade too. The smells and football on the TV's makes u feel at home. Free Parking out front; not too shabby!"  and I get a ridiculous answer that the ""CEO doesn't like us to do that"". How dumb is that: you leave your system open to make reservations and you don't alert people that might be going to a show on the north shore that the place is closed. The fake sincerity is what really got me. You know what a 'private party' sign does? It advertises that you are available for private parties I was shocked this place turns a profit" Eat at Atria's.   You will not be disappointed." The food is very good.  I had the smokehouse platter.  The ribs were very good. The platter also comes with smothered chicken   It was awesome.  I felt the chicken was the highlight of the plate.  Hand cut fries were good also.  I give this a big thumbs up."  but I'd like to try a greater variety before giving four full stars (and see if there are any vegetable-heavy ones). However Thank you James and staff for the wonderful entrees and for giving us one more reason to like Pittsburgh. The drinks agree to die for and the pot roast nachos were amazing. The waiter Jonathan not only catered to us but actually drew is a map of places to see. Definitely a place to come back to.  and mustard.  We were not brought or offered bread.  What brought down this rating was service problems which obviously were not the fault of our server.  I appreciated that the restaurant offered me a reservation when Open Table indicated that nothing was available on this day. The hostess did not seem to know how to handle a reservation and I do not believe that our arrival was matched to it. She asked another individual for assistance and I believe that person told her simply to seat us. After more than ten minutes had passed after we were seated without a server coming to the table "Just went to this restaurant to try and have dinner and the guy that sat us was very nice but after waiting 10 minutes with no sign of a server my husband finally asked if they could send someone to wait on us and they said they would. Waited another 5 minutes and no one showed up so we got up and left. Awful place  the food was good (Hawaiian Chicken Sandwich) and there is an extensive beer selection. I will certainly give Atria's another shot when I return to the Burgh."  I think Atria's needs to keep up and offer something new and different.  Until then  we were not given menus for about 20 minutes when we flagged down a bartender who brought them over and took our orders. Food took at least 20 more minutes to arrive. Salmon was great but not much rice and would have been better with a veggie side to round it out. Food overall was fine. They ended up comping some of our drinks."  which have been amazing at other locations so I was very disappointed to discover they were out of pot roast. I decided on the pot pie which I've heard very good things about so it seemed like a good alternative. I was wrong.  It was basically a puffed pastry on top of thin gravy.  No chicken.  Not even one piece. No potatoes or any other filling except a few peas.  That was it.  I was starving so I ate the entire thing but was still hungry afterwards so I ate again as soon as I got home.  Extremely disappointing." "Awesome bartender- ask for Michelle... Good Happy Hour specials- half price drafts and Apps from 5-7... Delicious looking food coming out of the kitchen...  Come here and enjoy the quiet "Went to Atrias for lunch today. Service was slow for soup and a salad. Cup of soup was $4.99 and a side salad served in a large-rimmed bowl was $9.99! With a coke  the food was wonderful and the ambiance was awesome.  I highly recommend it.  Patricia our server did a wonderful job of welcoming us and explaining the cocktails"  she was cold and un apologetic about the ridiculous wait. I don't understand how this place is even in business. If this establishment were to be in any other city they would be closed. If I'm paying $25 for some fake Italian food at least be polite about the robbery. This place is a fusion of Olive Garden and Red Lobster. DO NOT COME HERE. I realized that the tactic of starving the customer and serving overpriced mediocre food can pay the light bills. Thanks Atria's Our waitress was extremely friendly and efficient. We told her that one of the members of our group was from Ohio...and obviously not a Pittsburgh sports fan. Although Food was OK for the price. Service is terrible and won't return."  when we got there the buffet was well picked over. I thought perhaps they were going to bring out more food. I was mostly wrong. The pancakes were dry hockey pucks that tasted frozen. The smoked salmon I was so greatly looking forward to was gone and when I asked if they were going to bring out more I was VERY rudely answered ""no it's done"". It is hard to convey how rude this cook behind the buffet was but I was greatly offended (and I was very nice about it)! The food was not great and not worth the price at all. Go somewhere else for brunch." I did enjoy my own meal but all of the other trouble was not worth it. We won't be back to this location and especially not on a holiday when we expected to go all out for our mothers and treat them to an expensive meal without any issues about seating and such!"  what happened to this place? I used to frequent Atria's multiple times a week for lunch. Usually a ruben or the house salad with garlic vin. dressing and fries but recent construction near PNC Park has limited my trips. Well during this time Atria's must have made some major changes and not for the better. I decided to take the wife and kid to dinner b c the day was nice and they do have outdoor seating. Unfortunately our waiter was not up to par. I sensed a little attitude when I asked if a particular dish was available but let his annoyed response slide. Atria's at PNC Park has a streamlined menu during Pirate game days. We then placed our order and shortly after I wanted to make a small change from the apps Sliders to the Kids menu sliders b c they came with fries. Waiter then annoyingly rolled his eyes. I should have got up and left then but we were hungry and didnt want to go to another place for dinner. I asked if it was a problem and he stated they already started the order. Well  the cheese will snap when melted (think of how stringy the cheese gets on cheap delivery pizza).  Pittsburgh pizza sauce will taste distinctly of red wine and not oregano (thank God).   Beto's parbakes the pizza and then finishes it for a few minutes before topping it with the cold cheese (by the way  and its not all the way melted.  Always served hot.  Also the curly fries and hoagies are delicious.  Love it or hate it is what I've heard.  It's different  with the pizza saving the review from total damnation." I can't wait until I'm back in the 'burgh to take my fianc there so he can see what real pizza is like."  I'll have to get used to.  :-)  I'd be back for a second shot at it!"  it's ruined. The baked hoagies are to die for. You will not find better anywhere. A little pricey but worth it. The place could be cleaner and it looks like employees are all kids. I still give it 5 stars though. As a sidenote Square Pizza is a great Pittsburgh area thing that alot of people just don't understand Beto's is new to me there is Tons of Cheese and Pepperoni and great Sauce very generous with toppings a little expensive but well worth it.  If you like this pizza try Osso's in Washington PA.  pretty much looked like the biggest hole in the wall I had ever seen! After ordering my cheese piece ( I forget what they call the slices) I forgot about the gross table I was sitting and and had to go order another ""piece."" That trip I think we went at least 3 times ( my step dad prob 6 If your in town worth the experience I don't get this place." definitely worth a stop if you are doing a pizza tour of Pittsburgh."  You just may need to have eaten it as a kid to truly love it."  some very nice Beto pizza chef with a heavy hand will put at least a quarter pound of cheese on each slice. I must get to Beto's soon and have a slice or two and think back to childhood memories and dad."  but our pizza was cold.  All nine cuts of it.  And the garlic wings didn't taste like garlic.  Maybe it was an off night?"  but it was way too messy. The bread got soggy and the darn thing fell apart. It looked more like tomato soup with sausage than a sandwich.  The staff did seem pretty nice  when we landed we of course drove right over (after being awake all night on a red eye flight) so that I could taste all that is awesome in Beto's pizza slices.  It was very good.  We ordered the simple extra cheese pizza.  For those of you who are like me (from Oregon where I guess NO pizza is good) This was just bad pizza.  For the money I expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza.  The cheese and pepparoni were added after the crust came out.  Also the mushrooms were out of a can.  Do not waste money here. After we downed our slices I told her how sitting here has brought me back to my high school years. The pizza still has that same texture This location was crowded and the wait was long  I acknowledge that their style of pizza is not for everybody. Do you love cheese? Do you love it so much that you want it so thick that it doesn't melt? I do! The sauce has chunks of tomato in it and the crust is thin and square cut. It tastes like no other pizza One thing to note - this is my favorite place to get black olives on a pizza A down side to betos is it gets pricey if you eat alot. But hey if thats what good pizza costs then so be it So try it out if you don't like it you're not alone but if you love it you're a member of the cool kids club." Maybe their hoagies will be better."  it was fine. It's just not my style of pizza. They do have some of the hottest wings I have every eaten  and The crust is perfectly crunchy not doughy and chewy which I cant stand. Truly unique and worth a try. I will be back." Try eating more than four pieces Canned green peppers!?! Way too much cheese. The yinzers seem to like it. The average BMI in that place was probably close to 30 and no wonder; the food is incredibly unhealthy. The pizza crust tasted like Pizza Hut. Maybe this place gets good reviews because it's a unique twist on unhealthy; loads of uncooked mozzarella.  just wow. That was without a doubt the worst ""pizza"" I've ever had in my life. Maybe you would like it. Do you like all of your toppings out of a can? I didn't even know you could get canned green bell peppers. Do you like your slices of pizza to be covered with a huge several inch thick mound of uncooked mozzarella cheese? If answer is yes I Like Beto's and I will recommend it to folks  "I'm a fan of Betos. I like the fact that the cheese isn't always melted. The slices are square and the prices are reasonable. Ranch dressing or bleu cheese and you're good to go! The pizza itself is simple: crust Not like any other pizza you have ever had. The crust is crispy and the cheese is uncooked. I hated it at first...but now I live it!  You might have to try it a few times. I will keep coming back. And the price is so cheap! $1.45 for a slice? Kidding me? So on our first night here in Pittsburgh it's getting late and we are hungry. Everythings closed at the point and it's only after 10 pm on a Sunday. We accidentally end up at Beto's and plan to get a medium pizza. They inform us the sell pizza by the slice and it come different from traditional pizza. The pizza crust is cooked with sauce. Once removed from over COLD cheese is put on top with cold topping of your choice. At this point I'm thinking about a sub! My wife decides to try the cold and they tell me they can make them hot if we wish so I get 3 hot ones...I decide I atleast need to bite hers to try this out. We are from Ct...and are accustomed to not only the best pizza in the world but it also being hot. I try my hot version of their pizza and it's just ok. Then I try the cold slice they are known for and it's pretty awesome. I finish my hot slice and we get 2 slices to go...the way they make them normally. I have to confess I should have gone with my first instinct which was just to try it the way they make it....after all it's kinda the point of going to new places...you should not only experience the culture but the food aswell! A must try if you passing through and have never had it like this before. 93UCt9OgWYmypZCpXtUu8g "This ""pizza"" was the worst food I have ever eaten." "So you walk in and proceed to the counter.  You order the pizza with whatever toppings you so desire.  You get handed your drink cups and a number to put on your table and try and find a seat.  Maybe a 15 to 20 minute wait for your pizza.  Your pizza comes out and...... ""what the hell is this?  Take this back!  My cheese ain't melted and the pepperoni ain't cooked!""  Chill my man.....take a few deep breaths....it'll be ok.....just TASTE it......there ya go.....holy cheese right?!  What a blend....It's all over the place and people actually order extra!  That sauce My gut tells me this would be an awesome pizza if only they'd cook it." "This is a place you either love or hate   I love it!  every time I am in Pittsburgh I have to stop in and get enough so I have take home.  The pizza is sold by the square slice.  The sauce is chunky tomato based and baked with cheese. period. after it comes out of the oven it is sliced and heaped with more cheese and what ever topping you want.  I suggest just sticking to the peperoni.  The toppings are not cooked I love this place.  Every time I am town I have to stop and pick up a couple cuts.  I even take them home with me to Baltimore.  They are great even days later.  Coming to town in a couple weeks and am I definitely taking some home to my fiance.  Cheese cheese and more cheese please.  This is my favorite pizza ever.  Beto's is my very first stop after leaving the airport." Never mind that I've lived in Pittsburgh all my life and have never heard of Betos until I moved 3 streets behind it. NOT a ""Pittsburgh institution.""" Great food and great pricing. Don't get me wrong the pizza is good but the hassle I could do without."  very different I must say. I am so not for the cold uncooked toppings on my pizza No way. A ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza? No no no. No beer either.  but classic in its own way... Square cut pizza with cold toppings... So frigging good...just let the cheese melt....." Worse than store freezer pizza. What with the cold cheese on top of hot pizza? Terrible. If you want quality; Fiori's is a few miles away. 93UCt9OgWYmypZCpXtUu8g There is about 10 tables in the restaurant (booths tables) ... clean reputable." The thing about Beto's is you either love it or you hate. I personally love it. The uniqueness of the cold toppings on the hot pizza is something that Beto's does perfectly. I've been a loyal customer for 10+ years and have continued to order 3 cuts with extra cheese every time. One of the biggest perks to Beto's is that it's family owned by a great group of people. This place is sure to not disappoint.  it's not like any other pizza on the planet. Nice hot crispy crust with cold cheese& toppings thrown on at the last minute before serving. Definitely an awesome experience My family has been eating here since they ran it out of the old building next door! A real craving-type pizza with an acquired taste. Also a family of 4 can get out of here for around $25." I'm not even hungry. I really want to do nothing but sleep. But I CAN'T. You know why? Betos pizza is down the street! I can't miss out on the amazingness that is betos. This has been a staple in my family for several generations A different style (love or hate) pizza. A square cut thicker crust with cold shredded cheese on top. It's different enough that it is a good chance of pace to your standard pie. Good pizza as well as other great menu options.  Good prices too. 93UCt9OgWYmypZCpXtUu8g  and it can be difficult to find a table Didn't live up to my expectations at all.  Waste of time and money.  Sloooooow service.  but it's not good either. Super sloppy and there's far better pizza elsewhere. The dining room atmosphere is weird... It's like where Sugar Bear took June on their date to the cafeteria but without fluorescent lights. Plastic forks 93UCt9OgWYmypZCpXtUu8g "This is absolutely my favorite pizza of all time. I've been going to Beto's since I was a kid When I came into town again this past month Please stop in. It's a dive but it's outrageously good!!!" The pizza is ok. The tomato chunks are delicious and the pepperoni too. But they don't bake it and the stuff all slides off the crust. Overloaded too much with cheese . Not horrible but certainly not the best.  I think Beto's has the best Italian hoagies in Pittsburgh. I believe their cheese is what elevates their food. Absolutely amazing!" I dig it though. Good job beto's. Way to stand out from the mediocre pizza that plagues pittsburgh."  as the dining room is small and seating is first come first served.  I love this place Don't order extra cheese. A normal cut will have more than enough cheese." "Nowhere else quite like betos. If you love cheese and like trying something different this place is awesome.  I grew up in Pittsburgh and get back rarely "I love Beto's pizza! It is not always the same though. Occasionally you get a day when it's off. It is also not for everyone. Tons of unmelted cheese  but not as good as the unique tasting cold toppings that you go to Beto's for! The pizza can get pricey with additional pricing for many of the toppings The best. Not as good as it was in the early 70's but still love it. One of my favorite pizza spots in Pittsburgh.  Been coming here for years.  The only downside is if you go and they are just putting a pizza into the oven.  The wait to grab your cuts can be a long wait.  Well worth it because of how damn good it is.  hot sauce and crunchy crust truly speak to my mouth's palate. I always find an excuse to stop her. Last time we had a steak hoagie too. It was big and full of flavor as well. It's no wonder they have been around for a long time. LOVE. LOVE. LOVE BETO'S. ~ Dionne Malush Definitely a must have but different..only place I've ever been that only bakes the dough n sauce then puts on toppings including a mound of cheese once it's out of the oven..the sauce is great w chunks of tomatoes....you can also bring home the pizza n bake a few minutes to melt the cheese n toppings  which makes it a 5star pie....The Italian hoagie is really good also..  just shut up and try it.  This pizza is unlike any you've had before but if you like pizza it is a must have.  I dont make a trip to Pittsburgh with out stopping by Betos.  The toppings are plentiful  waited almost an hour for two cuts of cheese pizza They accept cash and credit cards."  ask for the toppings separate so they are still raw!  Its absolutely awesome!" The square size is very reminiscent of the pizza slices I remember from the school cafeteria in grade school and it makes me feel like a kid again.  Fortunately  based on the amount of business they were doing you may want to give it a try. I for one will not be returning..."  I would have liked to see a little variation of lettuce but it was just plain iceberg. It was a nice size and had some fresh veggies and of course some of the amazing cheese!!! It's the coldest day of the year and they have the fans on  you have to! And if you haven't tried it more than once "We ended up going in and getting slices for carry out. The service was very good. The cashier was very friendly and even complimented us. The wait time was only about 5 minutes The bottom line for me is that I probably will not be back again in the future.  While I know that many people love it  and service was fast. We will be going back every Friday as a new date night tradition. If you have never been  the crunch of this pizza crust makes me go weak at the knees. I just want to HEAR everyone at my table bite into their slice of pizza...is it so much to ask? Then you experience the perfectly thin layer of sauce. Then the mound of shredded Extremely inexpensive. Quick service. Down-to-earth staff. A very 'family-run' feel. Bring your buddies or your S.O. or your family  so I figured I'd give it a shot. Wow. It was unlike any pizza I've ever had. It should be its own genre of pizza. I had a slice with extra cheese Subs are out of this world!  Huge in flavor and size!  Definitely worth the stop.  Fast service  West Virginia originally this is the only pizza that reminds me of ""home"". If you have never had square pizza I recommend you get some right now. Top those slices with some nice cold cheese and you don't even need any other toppings. I can't speak highly enough about this place!!" Conclusion: Novelty Pizza + Pinball = Try this if you are in Pittsburgh"  the food is great at the right price. Two slices of their square cut pizza is enough for me and at a $1.40 a slice you cannot go wrong. The shredded cheese on top is truly for the cheese lovers like me. You can ask them to melt the cheese on top but I like it just as is. If you choose to add toppings they give you plenty and charge about 50 cents def worth it. They also serve hoagies and sandwiches which I would love to try but the pizza is too darn good not to get." 93UCt9OgWYmypZCpXtUu8g This place has the best Italian hoagie ever. The pizza is also a very good change of pace from other traditional styles of pizza.  this is always our first stop as soon we we get into Pittsburgh. This pizza is like no other! The portions are huge  and fast. Easily one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh. My only complaint is that the dining area is very dirty."  the sauce (chunks of tomatoes) is delicious This pizza was okay. I tried after hearing a bunch of people talk about it and the none melted cheese. Who wouldn't be curious? The pizza is a little over priced. I think they could cut costs a bit if they weren't putting pounds of unnecessary mozzarella on top. The crust was really crispy and thick which I loved. The sauce is sweet but was good. The cheese...the mound of cheese... It was a little too. I had to take off half of it. Kinda a waste. I may go back but not going to be my go to pizza place.  that this wasn't the right pizza place for me. He told me I wouldn't want to order from them and hung up the phone. Not sure if it was because if my Hispanic accent or what but he was extremely rude and didn't even give me a chance to order or ask. I would have been perfectly fine with a red sauce "First went here in 1967. Two slices with free extra cheese and pepperoni for 15 cents. Even when it was free The food is cheap (and cheesy) as can be. Swing by for lunch  know that it is pretty spicy and they are really generous with it."  chunky tomatoes and lots of cheese. Little off putting as the waitress set the plate down on the table the cheese rubbed up against the tabletop which caused me to remove any of the cheese that touched. I enjoyed the pizza Awesome pizza. Wish I had known about this place years ago! But glad I heard about it and tried it out. One of my absolute favorites now. Pizza connoisseurs delight. This is a unique pizza experience like no other. The sauce is full of flavor and the mounds of fresh grated mozzarella cheese never disappoint. Order two cuts - one cheese and one with extras.  and this is not even pizza!!! It's a thick cracker like dough with canned sauce (tastes like that) and COLD cheese covering everything. JUST AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" I usually get take out from this place but there is a small seating area to eat at. This isn't one of those places where you must eat at the restaurant since the pizza is cold anyways."  chunky tomatoes; also the unmelted cheese makes this pizza my favorite. When I go (which isn't too often sadly) I get 3 pieces because it's so divine!!"  and had heard of the cold cheese gimmick. Not my cup of tea...just a heads up if you go there to compare to other pizzerias.  Not comparable to the other top ten pizza joints in Pittsburgh."  get over it or find another job. I did it myself when I worked at a pizza shop years ago. The pizza itself is ok at best.  There's absolutely no organization in the dining area hands down the most slept on pizza shop in pittsburgh.  its the best in my opinion.  cold toppings is badass to say the least. not your typical pizza which puts it light years ahead of the rest of the pizza game.  crispy squares of pizza with mounds of cold cheese on top.  Kind of weird when you first try it  maybe it's not always so cheese-rific. Or if you really love cold shredded mozzarella cheese There's nothing like it and nothing better. That's all there is to say. "Get the cheese baked. I love it that way! It is delicious! It is usually always crowded  cuts still not done so asked for refund which they were willing to do. As they began processing refund guy comes with cuts in box . Though great can't eat here but at least can take back to work.  Get to work open box tons of cheese but COLD (I know they serve with cheese put on after but usually melts a little from heat from the pizza but the pizza was cold so not melted at all. No oven or toaster oven at work to heat up so no lunch Friday.  Maybe if you have like an hour an half for lunch may work. Friend hoagie was good but got little cold while waiting for cuts and never did get fries." Betos has always been a family favorite. When I was a child and would stay at my grandparents house it always was a treat. Now that I have children of my own. I also bring them to Betos for a treat. When they come it's so exciting.  Now that I have grandchildren they are getting to experience this great treat. Betos is the best. They do not deliver but that's part of the Betos experience. The wait whether it's to go or to get a seat in the restaurant part is exciting. Just love Betos  and I sometimes get a fourth slice and take it home for later.  The only things I don't like about this place are the parking outside and the seating availability in the dining area; it can be hectic during peak hours and you might have to stand around a bit for a table to open up. Those aren't enough to keep me from coming back though!" "Don't know what I just ate but 10 minutes after consuming what I thought was pizza Never unsatisfied ..its aways delish each and every-time . The only complaint was the line was too long and they take pride in every slice ....a great ideal. .......Simple the best  good prices and good size plates. hint: make sure you love cheese. will be back if in the area again." Pizza is good with the cold cheese but the place is Always dirty and no one wipes off the tables. He employees walk by dirty tables then people sit at them. Beto's---I love you!! You had me at raw toppings! I'm one for extra cheese on everything. The cheese on this pizza is so generous that extra is never needed. I've been a patron since I was a kid. Primo pizza. Thank you for existing!!  I don't think I'd rank it with ""the best"" in Pittsburgh. But there's something about mounds of cheese on a crisp crust at a pretty cheap price. For the best experience  it's not like most pizza. Something about cold cheese going on hot pizza that melts slightly makes it delicious." Shame on Betos for such poor customer service and product!" Everything here is so good!  The pizza is unique and delicious.  All of the cooked foods are delicious too.  Try the curly fries!!  =) My husband and I saw something about the Triangle Bar and Grill on an old WQED rerun about good places to eat in PA.  We stopped by yesterday and are VERY glad we did.  The Battleship hoagie fed us for 2 meals (3 feet of sandwich with 2 lbs of meat!)  fast food.  I can't wait to bring friends there to enjoy their selection of 40s along with a Battleship."  and a barred window entrance hiding it's charm. Great experience." DzOPHyrG2XuVqKEvHCnN7w  maybe take my chances and go there for a cheesesteak"  and ham are among my favorites!  They also have a bar and TV's for that minimalist game viewing adventure with regulars from nearby homestead and braddock propping up the stools.  It's a great take out place -- call ahead though.  A Pittsburgh classic you must try once for a Steeler or Penguin game party.  Terrific!"  you have to try these. I hope they never change. I'm not eating there for atmosphere." This monster sandwich was a beast. Great Cappicola. Friendly people. Def go if u are in the area. "I find it hard to believe that a place like Triangle Bar and Grill only has 8 reviews.  I guess it's just not hipster enough for some people.  Which is fine with me.  I love walking in to this place.  It's never really crowded when I stop by on any given afternoon but they certainly have a steady stream of customers coming in for delicious sandwiches.  The crew behind the counter always greet me with a smile and are happy to make me a sandwich.  I have to admit that despite their many options  and order a battleship. If Kris makes it  I opt for the butcher boy. Fried jumbo. Jumbo? Jumbo what? Seems its a local delicacy you can only get in Pittsburgh - just kidding. I don't even like bologna but I actually drool thinking about this sandwich. Heck  onions and tomato on fresh Italian bread doused with the perfect amount of oil "THE Place to go if you want to feed a family of four for under $20!!  Meat is fresh The best hoagies in Pittsburgh...hands down!!!  I live in Cleveland but originally from McKeesport. Every time I come home I will have da Super Battleship hands down best sub I've had thus far!! Steelers for life "I think triangle hoagies are great for parties and tailgates.  I normally order one or two battleships and all the fixings.  They are huge BUT on this trip I was buying several to share with people from out of town.  They are cash only and more than happy to show you an ATM that charges you $2.50 per transaction.  The employees don't set the rules but have to live with them.  That $2.50 came out of their tip The Best of the Best!!!!!!!!!!!"  and so on.. now in my late 20's my mom and I still have a ritual of going out to shop and then to each grab a battleship for dinner at our separate homes at least once a month. In over 20 years I can not think of a single bad experience with the place  I'd rather opt for a sandwich in regent square or on the waterfront."  but for some reason good simple  things (basic awesome bread) are hard to come by.  The cheesesteak was fantastic as well.  We felt that the cheesesteak was better than Danny's.  We have NOTHING like this in the west.  Definitely a great place They have an ATM inside and only take cash."  was able to stop by and get some take out.  Fun to watch the staff of about 4 making the sandwiches. Just get in line and order when it is your turn.  The 26 inch Italian was so tasty with lots of meat and the sweetness of the Italian dressing.   The place was jumping with people in line and all the tables and bar full of people eating one of the great sandwiches." "I have loved this place since I was a kid. It has not changed since then. This is not a ""nice"" place to dine in. It's a hole in the wall bar that makes Pittsburgh's best sandwiches. Huge stuffed hogies. I mean huge. The ""Battleship"" is the cornerstone size and it could satisfy 4-5 men no problem. My favs? Corned beef  fresh bread and great dressing!  For the price it can't be beat!" After the first taste of the battleship it is with pride I can say they all said ""WOW"" they loved them." "Gonna get some cold cuts today!  I must say that they know how to make a quality sub or ""BattleShip.""  You come in to this place and you know its quality by the line stretching to the door. I saw one guy walking out with at least five. I've ordered these for parties and events but will always stop (even if I'm not hungry) when I'm in the Swissvale area.  There is just something about these subs I can't explain.  They do everything right here.  From the breads to the meats  get the destroyer and you won't be disappointed!!" We never watch a game or have a party without a Battleship hoagie!!!! Always a crowd favorite!! The ultimate tailgate essential. Steeler football and a battleship go hand and hand!! fresh bread and good eats.it's definitely worth a return visit."  If you are going to call it and Italian. Use Pepperoni." Conclusion:  Will revisit in the future but going no mayo the second time around." Got Five more subs for my 31st class reunion. Gateway.  Almost everyone had some and as always the super battleships were great.  Called ahead and they had them ready when we got there!  Thanks guys!  possibly the best in the burgh.  If you are ordering for lunch you can call ahead and have it ready for when you get there."  I love going to this place because of the fresh ingredients that they use to make their sandwiches daily. You also have a pretty generous palette of options to select from  the bread was especially good thanks for a wonderful meal on our short visit to Pittsburgh" I will definitely visit again."  and it kept us full for a subsequent long-ish walk in the park.  I'd highly recommend it as an ideal picnic item.  Whether you live near Swissvale or not Just in from California and had to bring my family here everytime I come to Pittsburgh. The super battleship is fantastic and feeds my whole family.6 of us .6 big pieces.love this sandwich.its all good.Just get over there and try it.You wont be disapointed.See you in 4 months when im back in town guys.Keep up the good work.  and often we would make the drive just to get them. Very fresh ingredients Got a meatball hoagie today. It was delicious. The meatballs are huge and juicy!  Would order again. Too bad this place is kinda out of the way or I would be eating here much more often." "I love their sub sandwiches during the Football season that's my favorite spot. The Decour is kind of old but don't let that scare you  and Italian.  They were a huge hit with everyone at the party and they were absolutely delicious!  I read the reviews of this place here on Yelp and everyone said they had the best sandwiches in Pittsburgh.  They definitely did not disappoint.  A fantastic way to feed a lot of people I would also recommend calling in your order ahead of time because it can get really busy in there. Plus during lent they might run out of fish  skip the sandwich ring and get a battleship or even super battleship." All I can say for this place is that if you were starving in the desert and stumbled upon it you'd actually might rather starve to death.  The dressing was good. But if im looking for a hoagie I'd rather go to GetGo. First and last visit. Great sandwich! As big as a canoe! Really enjoyed it. I will be back. I must lay down now. The meat sweats have arrived. awsome food just got a battleship an over hr ago piles of meat mmmm havent been here in a long time good job guys you get better all the time This is not a place really where you order and sit down to get your grub on. You're best ordering it to go. Don't forget to get a Turner's Tea while you're there too!" the food was excellent and you can always get you a good drink while you're there the services are right we always stop after we go bowling the atmosphere is on right prices are reasonable the employees are very friendly it's not too far from where I live at I would recommend this restaurant to others it has been this location for a number of years their battleships are amazing I would advise if you come to Pittsburgh to have to stop and check out this place you have to wait long for your food and the drinks are reasonably priced Once I've moved on to a few other items It's kind of sad that the other 'V' pizza place around the corner isn't any better than the three national chains." Great pizza. Grandma's pie is an all time favorite!  though. And beware of the prices: What's on the website is wrong. And the manager and owner will say there's nothing they can do about that (except charge you the higher price that isn't on the website)." Best pizza around. Dough is fresh. They to die for pepperoni rolls. They use fresh ingredients. My favorite is the buffalo chicken pizza. Reasonably priced. They deliver to local area. You can also pick up.  Italian Dogs..... they are all AMAZING! If you are in the area definitely stop by!" Veltre's is a Swissvale staple! Our family orders from them often! I love the cheesesteak hoagie with bacon. I've never been disappointed with the food and the family that owns the place is so wonderful.  pizza is pizza. And everyone will have an opinion. But if you are in Tue swissvale Braddock Edgewood area. Go to Veltre's Pizza."  the wings also and the turkey bacon sub.was great .I and my family would eat here again" Cheeseburger was juicy. Wings seasoned to perfection. Can't wait to order again. Fast delivery! Always has fast delivery. Friendly staff delivery drivers. The Italian dogs and provolone wedges are a must! Bonus Points: They use Mancini's rolls. As a Pittsburgher that's all I needed to hear."  NY is so anyone reading this knows I've eaten some of the best pizza in the world. Veltres is amazing - great pizza Grabbed a couple of dozen bagels and took to work.  Man they don't last long.  Bagels are good and the service is friendly.  They were real busy but make time to chat will working. They're convenient and delicious - what more can I say or ask for?"  but there wasn't a napkin in the bag. Seems like a silly oversight."  cheese and some bacon for under 10 bucks!  You'll have left over food and cash" Cream cheese is $1.50 per bagel.  Make sure you order a tub for $3.00 .  Check prices.  We ordered three bagels and we're charged $4.50 for cream cheese at drive through.  The person at the window was nice to drop the cream cheese down to the tub price.  Bagels are very good. Repeated my order 3 times and it still got screwed up. I had a feeling something was going to be off and sure enough....  we were in a hurry to go somewhere and my dad suggested we get brueggers.... Of course  we went through the drive thru and the lady who took our order was snobby. To make matters worse  rainy and cool...so had a bowl of low fat veggie...very nice and a greek salad that is pretty good.  The best part was the fresh baked bread." Great soups and sandwiches. Good people at the counter!" The difference maker (4 isntead of 3 stars) is that the staff at this one is nice."  but I'm not complaining! Bonus star for this Panera because it's actually made its entire interior comfortable and encourages people to relax and use its wi-fi  I like Panera. I love their you pick two combos. Awesome grilled cheese and tomato soup and desserts. It's a nice place to hang out while you're waiting for your car to get inspected." "I used to love Panera but as the years have gone by their standards of both food and service has declined greatly. It's a gamble if you are going to get good food and service or if the D team is working that day and they serve cold soup and sandwiches that look like Stevie Wonder  made them. I have to be deserate now to go there  usually i have hard time at eating places because the music is too loud and it's too dark inside but I keep loving Panera Bread!!! Never get tired of it :) light breakfast  which was perfect since I missed breakfast. I also recall sometime ago I had one of their chocolate chip cookies that was excellent. The establishment is clean and well laid-out. They always seem to have a nice selection of soups salads and desserts. I've never seen it get too crowded which allows for good conversation without any need to shout. I am a satisfied repeat customer." I feel like their breakfast treats leave more to be desired and their coffee is so so. I generally wouldn't come here for breakfast. Their pastries do not have enough flavor to me  pastries and savories both.  Soups are great.  The chicken soba bowl is delicious."  but this Panera ranks lowest of the low! Poor service  I've waited anxiously for 10 months to eat a Bacon Turkey Bravo sandwich. I ordered one today and received a sub par sandwich. Instead of the amazing tomato bread I got plain rye. Instead of my favorite Gouda cheese I received American. The most amazing thing is that there is literally no bacon on my bacon turkey bravo sandwich. Wtf? I really hope that this specific Panera Bread is to blame as I would hate to stop eating at this restaurant all together." Boy do I miss Primate Bros.  I remember going there when the packing district was coming alive at 3 and 4 a.m.  We were coming back from a night of being out 'n about with friends (this was in high school college summers in the mid-70's).  We would order wild concoction in sandwiches with french fries IN them.  I liked the place so much I bought and wore proudly one of their T-shirts...but alas...left it with a native friend (she also liked it alot) in Koh Samui Thailand. Couple this with a 23 oz. beer for $2.50 and what more could you ask for. Actually only minus 1 2 star because of their chili The staff was very good. The food came quick. Best of all. It had no kick back later or the next day."  you have got to swing by here. Get the pastrami or roast beef and do not ask for the slaw or fries on the side. It's all on there for a purpose and it is a gloriously messy sandwich." A drooling place. Period." Wash it down with an Iron City." Hot Pastrami + cheese + tomatoes + onion + cole slaw + french fries on thick crusty bread = One TallBadAssGreasyMuthaFukinGood Sandwich... :D  but the kids are real. But why do they all have beards (beers)? It's Pittsburgh "Hey a sandwich with the fries and slaw inside served on a wax paper sheet and tasty (maybe a little bland  but I'm giving it back. I probably won't be back ever again." p.s. You can get it topped with a fried egg! I didn't see that on the menu until I was leaving! doh! next time!" Downside: It was packed during lunch and my buddies and I were crammed in. If you have a disability it will be hard to maneuver during peak times."  the Oakland location does have a pretty sweet deal for after 10pm  things took a turn for the worse when the famous sandwiches came out.  Two of us had the turkey and one had the colossal fish.  I thought the turkey was slimy and tasted weird.  The fries added almost no flavor to the sandwich  and even a mid-day snack.  I love the fact that this place is always jammed full of people.  Their food is well worth the wait and the effort it takes to tackle a table before someone else does.  The murals on the wall never get old its a great place to come after you've finished your shopping in the strip."  the Hot Sausage and Cheese sandwich I ordered was netiher hot nor spicy.  The fries were average but the coleslaw  in the sandwich was crunchy and delicious.  If the meat was more tasty The sandwiches here are massive.  Whatever you order winds up between two pieces of bread which seems both wrong and logical.  Regardless it is a mighty fine sandwich.  I wish I could get one right now... "This place is lengendary so naturally as a tourist - I had to go. I can sum it up in one word YUM!! Staff was friendly as we sat at the bar and watched the cook in action. I have never had a sandwich quite like that with a coleslaw like substance and fries on it  except I'll have to book more trips to Pittsburgh to eat here again! Definitely a good way to gear up for or finish a night of drinking. The cooks were hilarious and only added to the post debauchery atmosphere. The fries and slaw on the sandwich are something I will absolutely have again. Go. Do it. If you can." I'll be back if I'm ever in Pittsburgh again." "A Pittsburgh classic :) I can't say it's my favorite food Only visit the Strip District location for the full effect.  The other locations pale in comparison."  do not pronounce the ""t"" in Primanti.  It really irks native Pittsburghers.  It's pronounced ""Primanny.""  Unfortunately Now I just have to try all the locations and figure out which one is the best of the best."  the meat quantity is so small that it's a sidekick to the coleslaw and fries. I really liked the overall flavor. I just wished the meat  it's not too spicy.  He also ordered a beer from the tap served in the biggest beer glasses I've ever seen.  If you're visiting Pittsburgh  what a deal!). After I placed my order I waited by the bar and unfortunately it was when the death of Steve Mcnair started to air :-(. The bar quickly filled up after I placed my order. The sandwiches took a little while to prepare and not as quick as I've heard they are. I got my order and in my usual fashion I checked it. No chicken finger and fries....bummer. I go back to the cashier bartender cook and asked her for my order who asks the cook where it is and he shrugs like ""I dunno"" so  "The food was just OK. Soggy french fries on a greasy cheese steak pattie.  The service was awful  french fries and other condiments. this place is a staple in the area so i knew that i should visit the location. they have a special pburger sandwich which i guess is their most popular sandwich. they have cheap beer also. depending on what time you go here the surrounding area is either dead or filled with a lunchtime crowd. i suggest going during the day when there are more people around. at night time some shady people come out." Update.  Went to a different location.  Non-smoking location.  Got pastrami this time instead of the bland sausage.  Added a fried egg to the sandwich as well.  I forgot how huge this thing was.  I could only eat half.  I am now a fan of Primanti's.  both sandwiches were quite tasty and with the fries on top... yummy.  Would definitely come back here next time I'm coming through Pittsburgh I was truly shocked. That was the worst meat that I have seen since Junior High School. We would have been much better off at Burger King. Luckily we had a nice lunch at Salim's to wash the taste of this junk of our mouths." Please...never come here." My only complaint about this particular primanti bros in market square is the people that it generates. Anywhere from hookers to crackheads. I have been in there several times and atleast 4 or 5 times I watched someone get kicked out for doing something illegal. My advice is  any Primanti Brothers location will fill u up with one of the most unique sandwiches in the nation. Highly recommend the new Black Angus sandwich over the traditional ""No 2 Best Seller"" ... or go with Capicola and Egg. Both delicious!"  but I wish the primanti's goons would put a little bit more effort into their sandwiches. seriously guys -- take some pride in your work and make something good for once. and check the thermostat on your fryolator already!" "I am from Pittsburgh and this is just the burgh wrapped in wax paper.  It is always delish and something you need to do when you visit the town.  John Stewart "well you gotta give this place a star for its originality. coleslow and fries in your sandwich.. sound good? its actually pretty intresting. the coleslaw isn't creamy its a big vinegry One of the best places to eat in the Steel City. A real classic. Home of the stuffed sandwich often imitated but never duplicated.  I wish they had one in Chicago. I was in pittsburgh for a week and thinking like true pittsburghers we thought we'd come here for a late night snack and what a snack it was definately a tasty sandwich different from what i've had .  the place itself wasn't much it kind of looked like an old bar but that's ok anyway it was pretty cheap you should go I could go for a sandwich right now actually yum! DEFINITELY visit Primantis if you're in Pittsburgh!" I would give this place another shot if I'm ever in town again  I'd definitely try the cheesesteak or the Capicola sandwich. OOH or the ragin cajun chicken sandwich.. MMMM...." "Primanti Bros. is a traditional Pittsburgh meal.  It consists of a sandwich that is stacked high with fries and coleslaw  the sandwiches seemed to taste better there for some reason. i ordered the corned beef one and hubs ordered capicola (with egg).  i know people have eaten there and thought that the sandwiches were just ok (so i shouldn't hype it up). it's possible that my taste buds are just being biased and sentimental because it's a pittsburgh thing. but the fact that my husband who's not from pittsburgh loves it should definitely say a lot." I went here a couple of years ago and wasn't wowed by the sandwich. I think I was more taken back by the sweet slaw and french fries my sandwich than the bread or large portion of meat. Now that I'll be back in Pitt tomorrow I'm looking forward to trying another sandwich. I guess the sandwiches are pretty good now that I remember. If your in the Pittsburgh area you'd be a fool not to stop in at one of the Primanti Bros. locations and try one of there amazing sandwiches.  My favorite is either the Pastrami and cheese or the hot sausage sandwich but everything here is good. I live in boston and am used to paying twice as much for sandwiches which are no where near as good in quality and size." Maybe I ordered the wrong thing and maybe they were all just having a bad day... Who knows." "i was here for work and ordred the #2  The cheesesteak was nice and square and stuff.  Hmm not sure if that's a good thing?  The combination of coleslaw and fries plus that really nice thick spongy bread was pretty good.  I would actually say this would be more like a 4 star sandwich but I have a deep seeded hatred for the Steelers so yeah whatever.  I'd like to see a sandwich superbowl  and friendly staff I give this place 3 stars  who naturally failed to beat a mediocre Pirates squad.  But the food was good i love coming to pittsburgh solely for these sandwiches.  get a different one each time but they are to die for.  my new favorite is the capicola and egg.  i mean anything with fries and coleslaw on it can't be beat.  easily the best cole slaw i've ever had as well.  not overly friendly and didn't seem to be too happy to be there. We ordered our sandwiches - I got the Rajun Cajun because I had a Philly Cheesesteak the day before and was trying to cut back on red meat. I kind of regretted it as the chicken was a bit dry. My coworkers had ordered  the pastrami and steak and made me wish I had. Not that the sandwich wasn't good - but red juicy meat would have been so much better.  The sandwich was massive - I got a huge piece of chicken breast with a crapload of coleslaw and fries on top.  My coworker did complain that he got very little pastrami meat on his.  Overall  only with reduced operating hours. (Their Strip District location is open 24 7.) I like the sandwiches. It seems Pittsburgh is the only place where I can find sandwiches stuffed with fries and coleslaw. It's a copious amount of food for not a lot of money and Primanti compares favorably in value to most other restaurants in the Pittsburgh downtown area. Only problem I can see is the restroom is a bit dingy and down a flight of stairs "The description of a Primanti Bros sandwich is tastier than the sandwich itself.  One of two dozen different meats topped with french fries and coleslaw;  I tried hot sausage.  The problem is that all that potato and cabbage mutes the flavor of the meat.  Expecting an extremely tasty sandwich So I guess if you want an authentic Pittsburgh experience then go here. But if you want actual decent food  Primanti Bros is a must!"  but I will say this after you have gone once you will never need to go back unless its late and you need something to soak up the alcohol." Very good experience in general." A Pittsburgh tradition like no other. Unhealthy food served on wax paper... Gotta have it twice a year!  a soppy mess from the oil on the bread and a chunk of coleslaw core inedible. My sons was no better. The waitress saw we had taken only one bite and asked if we wanted to take home. We both said 'no way.' She didn't flinch and didn't care. I don't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid. In Philly I am docking them a star because the service was less than desirable We stopped here on our way to a comedy show.  We ordered the steak sandwich.  We had been drooling over this sandwich since the first time we saw an article written about it. I am happy to say this sandwich was everything we had expected! The sandwich was so big we had to share.   The slaw was better than I expected (I am very picky about my slaw) and the fresh cut fries made the sandwich perfect!  but I'd say the overall quality of the sandwiches are just average otherwise." "As good as advertised.  The sandwiches are big with quality cuts of meat.  I thought the slaw was delicious too adding a little vinegary tang to the fries.  Great atmosphere and friendly wait staff  and I enjoyed the whole experience watching the NFL Hall of Fame induction ceremony on the flatscreens while eating."  fries and slaw! all the food groups in one delicious huge bite." "I came to Primanti Brothers after my roommate said Pittsburgh was known for it.  I read several reviews and went with the pastrami sandwich.  It was good.  Just the right amount of meat (I hate it when the meat overpowers the entire sandwich)  I didn't order it The Way It's Supposed To Be. Maybe if you're into cole slaw  the atmosphere was nice but I feel like the food just didn't live up to it's name." After sitting there and being ignored for 25 minutes we just left! "I'm with others here - not a lover of Primanti Bros.  Sandwiches are fine (I have ordered the turkey and cheese) but the service is horrible.  Rude I don't think I will ever go back again." I don't like coleslaw." A must when visiting PGH." I am still trying to figure out how to transport a few sandwiches back on the plane.....There is just something about Pittsburgh and their traditional comfort food!  I have addicted my husband. "Pretty good.  Not food network worthy.  I would be critical of the cleanliness of the restaurant at market square You get a huge sandwich that could be split between two people. Service was quick and attentive!" I might go back to check out the nightlife. I'll update my review then."  go do it to say you had a colossal sandwich and lived the ""Pittsburgh"" experience. Apart from that Overall service was great."  coleslaw and french fires. It was very messy to eat but it was so good. I only drawback to this place was the service. My waitress was not very friendly and she got my order mixed up with the table next to me. She didn't even apologize for the mix up. Other than that it was a great experience and I recommend anyone who is going to the steel city to get some Primanti Bros."  almost exactly one year later I had my 2nd Primanti Bros sandwich. This time I give it 5 stars. It's a great place. It's local  GIANT-sized sandwich and a real PGH experience  go here! If you just need your fill of a sandwich with more sides on it than you usually order in a regular sitting  you've gotta try this place. It gets on all the ""places to eat before you die"" lists for a reason."  but wouldn't hesitate to recommend.  Great tasting glutinous original sandwiches at decent prices The fries are just greasy enough to make the sandwich sinful! I'm not a big Cole slaw person but I can't resist a roast beef w egg at the closest Primanti Brothers!!!"  so maybe that's why i didn't like the sandwich as much. There was a little bit too much fries and coleslaw on it for me. The bread was outstanding though! I would still recommend going there for the experience!" "The original place in the Strip District is the best by far. Capicola & Cheese is my fav and though I'm not a fan of cole slaw  and the italian bread all came together in a really HUGE sandwhich that was really good for a few reasons.  Flavor  then super crowded and he got everybody out within twenty minutes. That's service." I would recommend trying Primanti's if you're in the area!"  like the area that it's in. Old school. Have to give it a try thou. World famous. I would give it a 3 and 1 2 stars." "I understand Primanti is a historic institution here in Pittsburgh but other than the name I don't think it has much going on unless you're in the mood for quantity versus quality. I got reeled into my experience because everyone said to try it when I moved here. Really simple menu as you just choose the meat you'd like in your sandwich. I went with pastrami which was good but the combination of the cole slaw  let me recommend Langers (look it up). The place is a landmark in Los Angeles and their pastrami and corned beef is absolutely second-to-none. In a fight  and tradition makes this place pretty unique "Was in town for the day and took an order to go.  The roast beef & cheese sanwich w  an egg was awesome!  I don't like coleslaw We ended up going there twice (Pittsburgh downtown restaurants are strangely closed on sunday mornings) I would say overall verdict: try the place but try with an open mind." The classic pastrami is too good! Crisped edges and stacked with vinegary slaw and crisp homey fries!  Lived up to the hype! Trip was worth it." P.S.: I got a pen that says Primanti Bros on it. Yeah. Be jealous." Classic Pittsburgh Primanti's. Great place to watch a game and get a bite to eat.  in a sandwich... but it works. def something to try if when you're out there."  but I had a pastrami sandwich and I thought it was quite bland. The only flavors were vinegar and pepper. It was better with hot sauce the Primanti Bros sammich was everything I expected it to be...and I inhaled it!  That's all I'll say. I wish I had realized they were serving these at the Pirates Park.  I saw no food of interest and only had beer... not even yuengling NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ Be warned that everything here comes with french fries Primantis sucks...go to Fatheads on the Southside or Uncle Sam's in Oakland."  if you are a local come for the nostalgic name." This is a must stop in Pitt just as everyone knows and tells you so do yourself a favor and listen to them!" "I realize it's a sandwich shop and I dared to order a salad - but their menu is limited - so why put something on it if you're not going to do it right? Ordered a grilled chicken salad  that was on point. I'm not sure if I should have put Ketchup on my sandwich or what the hell to do with the heap of potatoes in the sandwich? I really can't wait for a rematch with this place  for their sake) probably had to wipe the messiness of his face. They had their heads down following in Bruce's large sweaty shadow walking out of the place Two complaints. The sandwiches are not as big as you would think. They are bigger than most deli-style sandwiches but not quite as colossal as I thought it would be. Also That's what you're getting here." great place for a good sandwich that is unique to Pittsburgh. Price is good beer was cold. A must if going to Pittsburgh. Not saying it is best food ever. Saying it is well worth the experience. Sorta like first philly cheesesteak.  cheap beer and sammies with fries and slaw on them -- the way they have been doing it since the 1930s.  Thats what the advertise and that's what they deliver -- every time.    Cap and cheese with a frosty IC Light -- heaven." "I love this place. Their sammies are awesome. I am not a coleslaw fan but like it and choose to eat it here. The pictures below describe it nicely. It's a sandwhich with coleslaw and french fries on it. It may not sound right but it's excellent. The service isn't the best but it's usually because they are verrrry busy. It's not your healthiest place but hey I think I need to learn my lesson and stop going there.  I would have given it 2 stars but it seems like such a Pittsburgh staple that I didn't have the heart to dock them any stars.  See  but they looked like pretty good prices.  The place was very crowded and you seat yourself.  We lucked up on an empty table I can definitely see why these sandwiches have the following that they do. I can see myself going back next time my travels take me to Pittsburgh." If you pass through Pittsburgh this place is a must visit. Their specialty sandwich is like no other. They're a little short on conversation but I guess that's part of the packaged deal. If I ever moved to Pittsburgh I'd move near one of their locations ; ) "The meat and cheese of your choice topped with slaw and fries is what I call a sandwich!  They are huge and delicious.  I couldn't eat these all the time They have TVs and bar seating as well in here. So it's a great place to go watch a sporting event with friends." Enjoyed the Cajun chicken sandwich. It includes fries and Cole slaw - both of which were good.  but since I almost fainted due to claustrophobia in the narrow stairwell on my way to the pissah  service is slow and you have to get up to get a drink refill from the cashier.  Yes it's unique having fries and cole slaw on your sandwiches "Loved the food! Heard about it on the Travel Channel and since I was in Pittsburgh for a conference I decided to go. Me and a friend went and we ordered two sandwiches: The Cajun Chicken Brest & Cheese and the Pastrami & Cheese. Both sandwiches came topped with lettuce "Primanti's is a Pittsburgh institution.  The original is in the strip district just outside of downtown proper.  They are famous for large sandwiches with the fries IN the sandwich Had the cheesesteak. It was ok. Nothing special. Like most ""fat sandwiches "I was raised in PGH and just love primanti's. Roast beef and cheese for me. The fries and slaw are what make the sandwich.  The best sandwich on the planet. It is not fancy but it is great. I just wish they would go national Their beer menus are totally standard types. They're cold and frothy and wash down the salt and grease perfectly."  I'm about to chow down on that Pittsburgh grease fest awaiting my attention." OK - I'll agree that everyone should experience a Primanti sandwich. But having experienced it  it took me almost ten years to get around to visiting this place Service was a little lame as I barely could understand our ""too cool"" server.  He seemed disinterested in us for the most part.  The pregnant waitress who helped us out once seemed more congenial and helpful.  I like the fact that it is small and fast.  I just don't get the vast appeal.  I need sauces  Southside comes up third in my book.  I haven't been to others.  If you're coming in from out of town though  Beer was cold on a hot day and my sandwich was satisfying.  What more could you really ask for from a sandwich joint?"  its definitely worth a stop... and with locations all over the Pittsburgh area "I've been to this particular location a few times and it's been great! The service was so-so but the times i've been it was always loaded "Fries were kind of bland and the coleslaw was just ok but the meat was very good. Overall The only bad part about coming to Pittsburgh and visiting Primanti Bros is that we had to go back home the next day!"  Primanti Brothers is a definite must try if you are passing through "This place isn't for a light lunch. Their famous sandwiches include a variety of grilled meats (the cheese steak its second-best seller) with french fries  great food in a nice little square for people watching."  they don't give you plates or forks or knives (they bring you your food on a sheet of wax paper). I'm not sure if they take credit cards (we paid with cash) "Stopped at the Market Square Primanti's this weekend after a Pirates game.  Salami sandwich was out of this world I really don't know what the hype is about.  I was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant. NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ  but nothing special about it. I had the cheese fries (it was pretty much molten cheese with bits of fries in it) and the cheese steak sandwich.  It was definitely great to try but I didn't enjoy the mess and the sandwich was a bit bland. Great location to people watch The ambiance and food are very good. Been to other places before but this definitely beats all the other places hands down (other than the original one on the strip). Was there at night and the combo with IC Light Man can and Burger for under $10 that was a little unbelievable. This is not food for faint heart. They add generous portions of fries and cole slaw which are deliciously dripping as you savor them.  add egg. When did she miss the ""no tomato""? I got my sammich (eventually) and there was the tomato. I immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again MIA. She just disappeared again. I waited as long as I could but she never came back. I finally carried the sloppy tomato seed-covered bread back into the restaurant myself and told the cook I needed a new piece of bread. He gave it to me with a funny look  very bad overall. The should have a manager on duty. I wont be back. thanks"  greasy but delicious and with the fries and slaw are on the sandwich! which was strange! It was not easy to eat it  but do remember ordering two sandwiches only to come back 4 hours later to order another.  i do remember the monstrosity of the sandwich w o skimping out on the meats and w  a good ratio of meats So there you have it.  I do feel like a giant weight has been lifted off of my shoulders.  I no longer have to carry around my terrible  were not that good. It was all french fries and very little meat.  My husband and I were almost mad at how little meat was on the sandwiches.  We won't be going back but at least we experienced it." "So this is a Pittsburgh instiitution??  Am so underwhelmed.  After waiting more than 20 minutes for our sandwiches (in the end these are still just sandwiches) I hit the Primanti Brothers Market Square location to see if the sandwich lives up to the legend and it does. The shop offers a wide array of versions from beef to fish but the grilled steak has rich flavor that is nicely cut by the slightly vinegary Cole slaw. The addition of the fries and Cole slaw on top of the sandwich will make any of the offerings at Primanti a delicious and unique flavor of Pittsburgh. I love primanti's but this local is less consistent than the strip. Need more fries on sandwiches. Generally packed during lunch. "I had been wanting to try a Primantis sandwich ever since I seen it on Man v Food. Went to Pittsburgh for a weekend trip to the zoo and aquarium so we had to stop!  Had a ragin' cajun chicken sandwich. It was great! Normally I hate coleslaw but this was something different. Not your normal mayonnaise-y coleslaw  but I definitely will skip next time I'm in town."  but take your money elsewhere and buy good-tasting food instead of kitsch."  and if you're a snobby chick that refuses to eat like a man then don't even bother visiting. This place is seriously cool and it's featured on the Food Network  then it makes absolutely no sense to come here at all. You're here for the most unhealthy and delicious sandwich you'll ever have  so it was a must try while I was in Pittsburgh. I was not disappoint. I would come back the next time I am in Pittsburgh."  I was not disappoint after eating their #2 almost famous pittsburger.  Next time "There was basically no cheese on my ""cheese combo sandwich"" "Boring sandwich. Period. I fell for the ""hype"" and while it was filling for $7 bucks I am glad to say that I experienced the famous Primanti Bros for myself Soooo...yeah skip. Their time is past...unless you are drunk..."  coslau. That's what they are know for but you can get it without all that stuff. Yes its a place for kids and yes they have TVs. I wouldn't really look at it as a bar. When you go there you must be really hungry. I would say you shouldn't have Attn in the last past 7 hours. i give pamanti bros a 5 thumbs up (IF I HAD FIVE THUMBS). Its also in walking distance from the steelers and the pirates Field."  but it's less diner and more bar than the Strip District Primanti. Overall "Easily the best sandwich I have ever ate. I can see why year after year this sandwich ranks tops in the country. I never had a sadnwich with cole slaw and french fries on it It's downtown near offices but doesn't seem to suit the after-work get together well. The food is still a decent value but that's about all it has going for it."  a Primanti Bros sandwich would be a wise choice." Locations other than this one in Market Square include the Strip  each sandwich is finished with fries. The place is classic and charming and goofy and a heart attack just smelling the fumes - but it's fun and unique and the food is quite good if you can avoid thinking about the health affects. The photos should do all the talking needed. At least I can check the box." Definitely a fan of all their sandwiches. Worth the drive from anywhere. And if you're a local and have never eaten here you don't know what you're missing. Definitely a lot of sandwich for the $.  A legendary Pittsburgh establishment through and through.  but it ended up being totally fine and a lot of fun). I had the standard Angus steak sandwich thing that comes with fries inside. Very good At first I didn't like this place. I tried a few sandwiches and liked the Pittsburgh classic idea more than the actual food. I was about to give up when I tried the roast beef. It's my sandwich every time I go now. I'll be back. "I loved my Pgh-style sandwich with cole slaw and fries in it. Wish I could have my sandwich like that everyday! The quality of the bread  giant sandwich I'd take the germs any day." Good beer and food was really good but the service was mediocre at best. But I love that I can here the game and not random music by Rihanna  this is the perfect place and you won't be disappointed. If you are a college student  where even on a busy night I managed to get food in a decent amount of time. I certainly will not be coming to the downtown location if I spot my previous  but I wouldn't go solo.  The blandness of the food is what kills it for me.  I would rather get a sandwich that is half the size with more flavor Great service very helpful...I had the guys pick the sandwich for me.  I got There best selling burger....it was a hamburger with fries in it.   Not a fan of the idea.  Overall kinda boring(Sorry) but it is what it is.  The meat tasted like meat which was a nice change but the toppings were just down right sad.  Fries where a  step up from the norm and for a price of under 7 bucks it sure beats any fast food chain."  a cheesesteak with a heaping helping of cole slaw and fries. A Pittsburgh institution "Good Sandwich and a Great location. The server was a helpful guy that gave good guidance on what to order! This is a Pittsburgh cornerstone restaurant that I've heard about for years and I knew I had to try. I've read some of the reviews and the complainers who have all these petty complaints about not enough cheese or the sandwich being messy...give me a break and just head back to your high maintenance arugula chutney  as it's hard to tell who's been waiting for a table and encourages you to hover over other diners to snag an elusive seat on a weekend night).  I loved my bologna sandwich The place itself is small and good for a group of four.  Eight if you don't mind sitting at two separate tables that are relatively close to each other."  but a bit of a touristic atmosphere.  I'm a stickler for the original in the strip!" "Years ago I saw Primanti Bros. on the food network while I lived in Ohio. I promised myself that when given the opportunity to try them I would.  I came on a lovely Friday afternoon so all the out door tables were taken. We came inside and sat at the bar. I ordered the bacon sandwich (bacon We checked of the ""Primanti Bros"" box I have eaten better sandwiches but stopping for lunch at Primanti Bros was an overall great experience. I sat inside at the bar where I was afforded a bird's eye view of the grill. You should expect to eat a sandwich with a handful of french fries and a handful of cole slaw smashed on top of whatever meat cheese combination you may have ordered. I would definitely recommend sitting at the bar to take in the full experience. "Don't go on trash night and sit outside  I was excited to try Pittsburgh's version.  I was sadly disappointed.  The fries were unseasoned "Can't go to Pittsburgh and not try one of their sandwiches! A bit overrated in my option though... Sandwiches are huge Sandwiches are great - all of them come with coleslaw and frenchfries (ON the sandwich).  They have a full bar at this location.   It was in the high 80's with high humidity so a Blue Moon went perfect with our meals." NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ it lived up to the hype! The Angus steak sandwich with cheese was phenomenal! I loved the sandwich with the fries and slaw in top ... Great stuff! Next time I am in Pittsburgh  I'll be back! French fries & slaw on sandwiches is the best thing since.....(dare I say it?)......sliced bread....." Choose wisely.  Go to Meat & Potatoes instead  so some folks who build the place up in their mind after seeing it 14 times on the food channel are bound to be disappointed.  But if you take it for what it really is...  Well  if you're on Market Square and are hungry for inexpensive (considering some of the other options there) and mediocare quick meal  he brought me a menu and then proceeded to ignore me for 10 minutes.  I walked again.  No more tries here.  Maybe I'm doing something wrong?  Haha."  its definitely worth a try."  but only because they are over stuffed with fries and cole slaw . To steal a line from a old TV commercial .... WERE'S THE BEEF .....  A major major dissapointment ." I appreciate that they're not aiming at  customers like me.  Big sloppy sandwiches are fun for a lot of people so I hate to be a party pooper "I was really looking forward to a huge tasty sandwich but was greatly disappointed! Everything was bland  would I go back and eat a sandwich from there again? And the answer was "I can see why people come here....the prices are great and the sandwiches are huge....after the bf saw Primanti Bros on one of the food networks  and the internets sent me here.  Do not be intimidated to walk in this dump.  I went to the take out line and ordered a spicy sandwich something or another.  The bartenders are either overworked or just don't give a shit cause I waited for a while before ordering.  But stay strong While the food was good as always it wasn't worth the wait because it just took to long. The service wasn't nice at all and I wouldn't tell anybody to come here when it's crowded." First time ever in Pittsburg and had to have Primanti Bros. Sandwich was awesome! (Cheesesteak) and a tall Yuengling to go with. Perfection! In Pittsburgh it seems french fries are treated more like a condiment than a side. I'm not much of a sandwich fan but  Primanti's really does serve up a huge and filling sandwich for a decent price. Went to primantis while getting ready to enjoy the football fame the next day. We walked in and had no clue what to do or what to get. A gentleman yelled at us saying two seats at the bar. Thanked him and sat down. We sat long enough to take pictures. Ordered  two beers came back ordered our sandwiches. Yummy! Nice people behind the counter... "This place holds a nostalgic appeal for people born and raised in Pittsburgh who grew up eating here. If that experience is what your looking for  so my suggestion is if you want a good Food and can wait an hour feel free and come here. If you don't have the time just go next door to the Subway." I stand by my decision: Pass."  whatever meat you'd like in between the famous mancinis bread. I love this location especially because of the hours. Living downtown it's hard to find places to eat late at night but the market Sqaure primantis is open till 12 o'clock 7 days a week. I've tried variations of the sandwich but my favorite so far is the pastrami. I went tonight and I'll be back again the near future." Their vegetable soup was great!  The people who work there are the best.  Amazing service."  but I'll take my chances. I suppose it helps that my doctor's office is 2  I got the deluxe double egg and cheese.  The portion was HUGE and very messy!  More messy than boogers coming out from a runny nose.  The sandwich I got was really good and filling.  I would recommend this place for visitors from afar and who happens to be in the neighborhood."  or they need to train their staff to be more polite and efficient. We will definitely not be coming back the next time we are in town. Our money is better spent else where."  and a small piece of overcooked fish all piled together. Warm yiengling and mediocre service.   Aweful" Super friendly staff. Got there in the morning before the lunch rush. He sandwich is huge and delicious. "Had such high hopes for this place on our visit to Pittsburgh.  The presentation of the sandwiches were making my mouth water With this I would absolutely recommend at least trying it once if you never have." Tastes better when watching a NY Giants game!"  and don't forget to pair it with a yuengling and a whole bunch of the cayenne pepper sauce.  also - make sure to say 'hi' to lefty!  he'll appreciate that."  I would definitely return because I want to try some of the other menu items.  I've heard double-meat is the way to go.  I'm intrigued."  Primanti's is definitely one of a kind.  I don't know of anywhere else you can get burly bartenders to slam down a mess of a sandwich in wax paper on your table (something the suburban restaurants fail to provide).  If you're going to go Worst service ever.  The waitress and I use that term loosely rolled her eyes at any question when ordering and yelled at someone at the table for asking for coleslaw on the side.  Then she had to come back and re ask the orders again and got mad when we repeated about the coleslaw since she didn't repeat it back.  When she brought out the food she just slammed the food down and just shouted out the name of one of the sandwiches um are you asking who had which sandwich which is your job to remember anyways.  I'm glad I don't live in Pittsburgh to have to worry about avoiding this place.  ended up being a weird patty almost like a meatloaf (not a burger). Not sure I'd order that again. Pastrami and cheese was still good. Wish the egg came a little runny." "Can I give this place ZERO stars? They're supposively ""famous"" for their sandwiches so some friends and I go when we are in town. The waitresses all rolled their eyes and glared at me for not wanting my fries on top of my sandwich. (Not to mention the waitress was in the skimpiest tank top with her bra hanging out while waiting on us and grilling food. Gross.) I get that your famous for having fries on the sandwich but regardless "This spot was the light of my life for about 3 solid weeks. From the first bite I could tell that parting ways with Pittsburgh would be heartbreaking. After driving out of pittsburgh and paying my friend for his leftover half a sandwich Just the same as always! Good and fun! The food shows bring in too many lookie lous that want to order some kind of foo foo salad though........  how can you screw up a salad? The chicken was tasteless and rubbery. Got it to go and the girl who took the order over the phone was rude and rushed and was equally rude when I picked it up. She assumed she knew my name and my order and handed me a random bag of food. I told her I was missing a sandwich and she tossed another bag at me without saying a word. I will NEVER go back to any of these locations. I'd rather eat a ham sandwich from Sheetz. At least I can get that without an attitude. If you have friends coming to visit from out of town NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ In Pittsburgh visiting Carnegie Mellon U and was told we had to come here. I ordered the local famous burger. Can't remember the name but it was really good. The bartender was cool and the atmosphere was dope too. Cool place. I'd spend my money there again. What a great place with great eats!  Awesome sandwiches - I had a taste of two sandwiches half a pastrami and a capicola and both were topped off by Coleslaw and French Fries. Which went down nicely with out Iron City beers! My motto: eat food you recognize." Okay so I will forever be a fan and will make this a stop every time I'm in PA! The service was laid back but attentive and that pastrami Sammie fully loaded was utter nirvana :) such a cool staple for Pittsburg and I can't wait to go back! Good place to have a sandwich. Outside tables were a nice place to sit and enjoy the city. Slaw was excellent!  lukewarm beef party with bland soggy fries on top. The cold lettuce and tomato cooled the sandwich even more. I enjoyed the coleslaw on top Market square location was confusing because seat yourself but wasn't clear."  sandwich comes in paper and the drinks are in paper cups but the sandwich's are awesome.  I first saw this restaurant on Man vs Food and it looked great  fries and tomato right on the sandwich made it totally unique. Oh and they also have a great craft beer selection."  it's something worth trying if you're new to Pittsburgh. But would I go back? Probably not."  and definitely nothing to write home about.  They did have some decent draft beer options but no one in my group of 10 said they would come back.  Try another ""local"" joint if you have an option."  at the Primanti's in Market Square. It took more than a half hour for my wife to get a cheese steak and the place wasn't even crowded. Missed the first inning of the Pirates game as a result. Boo!" "My friend and I stumbled in here during a road trip to Maryland.  I'm so glad we did.  I had never heard of the place before and we went there because the breakfast place around the corner hadn't even taken our drink order after 20 min of being seated. It was morning and there really wasn't much open in the area.  We weren't sure we wanted lunch food that early Highly disappointing. While sandwich is unique it was totally over cooked and under seasoned. No flavor  and the others in my party were a little disappointed.  I think they may have just made bad choices for their ""meat"" (kielbasa and the Pittsburgher)  burger tasted a lot like my morning star black bean burger that I get frozen.  Coleslaw was a lot better with the hot sauce I smothered on it.  The best part was by far the fries which weren't all that great.  I am glad that those were home made.  I picked all the bread off ate mostly the fries and was not very impressed.  The beer makes everything tastes better so order at least two beers before eating.  I'm not a big foodie but I like my food taste better.  I still ate because I was hungry and it's not uneatable I always try to hit this location when I'm in town. Great staff menu is solid & a Pittsburgh tradition. Great food overall at all locations! Go to another location to eat though. The Market Square location has the most horrible service I've ever experienced. Horrible! "i guess if you are in Pittsburgh and you want to do Pittsburgh things you have to grab a Primanti Bros sandwich but it isn't that good of a sandwich. Pittsburgh is loaded with great places to eat.  you can certainly do better.  having said that  and was greeted by a gargantuan sandwich that I was to learn had both fries and cole slaw IN the sandwich.   Interesting!   Ultimately "This is my go-to place after a Pirate game to wait out the traffic. When it isn't busy the service is great and you can get a quick "I was recommended here by a friend as a place to cross off the Pittsburgh ""bucket list"". I ended up getting the Pittsburger - it met my expectations Absolutely horrible! Frozen meat patty with a dog food like taste and texture on the P'burgher. Seriously how does this place survive? Read Sarah F. review as it mirrored or experience at the strip district location. Will never return to any location!  but this place definitely made me feel at home. The portions are huge! My only regret is that I didn't try to split a meal w  my girlfriend." "Service was bad. Server walked away before we were done ordering and then when someone got her attention she had to return 5 minutes later to re clarify which it was wrong. We didn't see her for a good 20 minutes and had to go up to the bar for refills. She did take one of our cups to refill it  and I personally like it a lot on the sandwich itself. The fries were less excellent. I don't know if they would have been better on the side rather than on the sandwich A Pittsburgh staple! Highly recommend to out-of-towners & Pittsburghers alike. Add hot sauce! It's amazing! I wish they would put one in the Pittsburgh Airport! I had a cheeseburger and it was decent. I'm not a fan of coleslaw which made the burger a little dry after taking it off. I'll have to give something else a try the next time I am in town.  great concept putting the coleslaw and fries in the sandwich but it just tasted bland to me. I asked for them to toast the bread but they said they couldn't do it because it sticks to the grill... ""Can't put a piece of bread on the grill?"" Again  I left half my sandwich completely untouched on the table when I left." I had the famous Pitts-Burger and it was disgusting! The only reason I'm giving it two stars is because of the bread. The bread is super soft and tasty but the meat was gross and the cole slaw was bitter. I don't see what the hype is all about!  but I think that probably amazed the server as much as her server amazed us. All in all I was pleasantly surprised!  I went in with low expectations after seeing the so-so reviews and hearing from people that it's not all it's cracked up to be.  Got the steak sandwich with everything on it.  I ate most of it and wasn't even that hungry to begin with.  Definitely needed salt pepper and the hot sauce they had.  When you add potatoes to a sandwich it tends to make it taste bland unless you have a killer sauce.  The sandwich could feed most people for two meals and it's only $7..great value.  23 oz miller lite was only $4..also so cheap.  We enjoyed sitting at the bar and watching the head cook make quick work of 100+ sandwiches.  These people got the routine down pat.  I would definitely eat it again and appreciate the history of the place. "The restaurant did their level best to make it up to me That said I could see this as a post night out stop and would probably enjoy it a lot more."  now I know why people don't usually put french fries in their sandwiches. Sandwich comes out huge and kind of dry  when your choice was seeing the stories on their televisions about our enemy murdering defenseless journalists or some show about naked people living off the land...kind of stifles the appetite and not appropriate for even the most casual of dining!   I would have expected better from the hipsters running the joint." This was a fun sandwich as I was visiting Pittsburgh. It was neat to hear the origin that truck drivers just wanted their cole slaw & fries slapped in with the sandwich so they could eat it on the go. I appreciate the concept & it's worth a try but I don't need to come back. I liked fat heads more. Was in town on a baseball stadium tour and heard about this place from the locals.I enjoyed my sandwiches and was hooked with the special slaw added to the sandwiches.I was also in luck once we caught the pirates game I noticed they had primantis in the park so I ordered another sandwich. "The beer selection is limited to what you might find in convince store (in states where this is possible. Sandwiches are Pittsburgh landmarks though and the food is good but nothing truly special. Great place to hang with friends "customer service is always nice but dont you all think that this place is little over-rated? Their 'Almost Famous Sandwitches' need some hard work to get famous. Basically Now I have to be on a diet :-)" "We decided to stop by Primanti brothers after hearing all the hype from everyone. We were already primed with the fact that their sandwiches are stuffed with fries so we decided to just share one sandwich. And holy moley was it colossal (well we DID get the colossal fish and cheese). We ended up taking most of the fries out because it got too heavy and filling. The coleslaw in the sandwich was pretty good-- not a huge amount of mayo which is what I like. However "I go to Point Park so this Primanti's is a staple for me and my friends. We go here probably 4 or 5 times a semester - always in groups of at least 4 and often more. The food is so great it's hard to care about anything else. I usually get the capicola with an egg  and there are many of them now around Pittsburgh. You get exactly what you think you are getting Best thing i had in Pittsburgh. My food was hot and quick. The beer was cold and there  was plenty of it. I ate and watched the steelers game. Very nice staff. Definitely stop by again next time i am in town. "Great food and very filling. Definitely need to walk this meal off when finished. Turkey and cheese was delicious. Fish sandwich was ok When going seat yourself. Order some great grub and enjoy yourself. This is a Pittsburgh must." And it was quite warm in there."  my sandwich was just ok. Nothing to write home about. The service blew it for me. And I was so pumped too. Damn." "Service was excellent! There girls work together so well and is like a welcome committee to the city!! Parking was a bit tricky because of some construction in the square  definitely worth the visit-- and great service! Our waitress happened to be from Harrisburg ( that's where we are from!) so we shared some really great conversation!!" "I've tried it twice now because if you ever mention you're going to Pittsburgh the first thing you hear is ""Oh Man It also was super crowded." Wingharts has a burger with fries and cole slaw." The sandwich itself was really tasty and yummy and I could see why it is a Pittsburgh favorite. If we are ever in the area again  and a fistful of French fries layered right in. Come hungry!" "The fabled Primanti's sandwich has been a favorite of yinzers from time immemorial. Now that I live in Vegas  cold. -_- they make up for by pouring scalding hot cheese sauce all over to mask the cold fries. Well played my friend. it doesnt stop me from coming once every 2 months"  you know I'll be back  I always HAVE to get a cheesesteak if possible (when not in Philadelpha!) so getting one at Primanti's was an easy choice to make. Ive heard about this place from multiple people and heard only good things. I love how its a chain Went to this location a few weeks back to watch the national championship game. It was chill and relaxed atmosphere as there  wasn't many people there. The food was alright. I'm not a fan of the sandwiches just too much going on their but the chilli  was really good.  Also the bartender was friendly and checked on us often enough. I'd go back to this  locale.  I eat her usually twice a day when in the burg. The sandwichs are good but this is food steeped in tradition and represents the city well. A sandwich for the people  my friends and I dined at this location. I tried the Ragin Cajun Chicken Breast and Cheese sandwich which was well-worth the 6.99. It came with a moderate helping of coleslaw and tomatoes as well. It was really delicious and the meat was seasoned very well. Would definitely recommend to  people new or visiting the area as it is a unique restaurant among all the fast food and other common chains down the street. This restaurant (not sure which location) was also featured on Man v Food if that adds any incentive."  that is all on one sandwich.  It feels like a heart attack in a rectangular package but is simultaneously delicious.  I personally love the Angus black steak but the most popular version is definitely the cheesesteak This was after waiting 20+ minutes at the register with cash in hand. I understand it's busy- but acknowledge people - appreciate customers! When you tell us to F off- you ar going DOWN! Rude! Not worth it." The noodles are top notch but I hear the sandwichs are even better." "True Pittsburgh original! You can't go to pittsburgh without getting a ""sammich"" ! I love the fries here and the beer of course! Be ready to feel full! Great staff as well !"  look into it to know what it is and start calling the name of the sandwich out at the table.  I do not recommend this place. I should have gone to subway."  it would be 1 star. But the second start is pity for the party size"  we sat outside immediately on an 80deg day. Worth experiencing" "We were in Pittsburgh and decided to try this place since it comes so highly recommended. Neither I nor my husband understood the hype about this place. The sandwich didn't really have much flavor and I would have rather just had the fries on the side with some malt vinegar. It did the trick of filling me up  a hamburger patty served with a pile of slaw and fries on white bread (house made I suspect). It was a good sandwich Other than that the service was good so I gave it two stars."  she said it was beer. That's my type of place. I had seen this mentioned on several Food Network shows and since we were in town to watch the Cardinals vs the Bucs thought we'd give it a try. We've been there My first prim bros experience was at this location fresh baked Cibrones bread with HotSausage Prov fries and slaw good lord Prim Bros is a staple in Pittsburgh and if you can't make it to the Original in the Strip coming here will not disappoint! The staff to me could have done a better job because at first I was confused and no one seemed to be egar to help but other then that great must go! This place is Burgh famous for a reason. GIANT sandwiches are sure to fill you up. Try the Pittsburger! I like bread.  The sandwiches come with an awesome coleslaw and fresh cut fries in them.  I had the knotwurst sandwich and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Should have ordered the 23oz draft though.  My colleague could handle the size of the sandwich though - a lightweight!  We came for lunch and will go back! "First time in Pittsburgh and I was fairly disappointed in the ""coleslaw and fries in the sandwich"" bonanza. It may have been that my expectations were sky high due to the hype from the Food Network reviews and my friend raving about it being a must-have in town. The service was quick "The only thing this place has going for it is the local hype. The sandwiches lack flavor I know there is a lot of hype surrounding this place but I would recommend heading elsewhere." Pittsburgh staple. Got the Ragin' Cajun Chicken sandwich and a Victory Summer Luv to wash it down. Perfect alternative to paying the exuberant Arts Fest food prices. The sandwich was delicious and most filling. The Summer Luv is a yummy summer beer without being lemony or sweet or wheaty that complimented the Cajun Chicken nicely. So glad I elected to stick around town today after work.  adding fries to the burger is a win! It's simple and very good so I can see why our friends who had visited Pittsburgh all told us to try Primanti's. It's a staple in two and has a great history serving some really good food."  you may like the sandwich better than I.  The fries on the sandwich added no additional flavor. I've had much better sandwiches than this and all five of us left the restaurant wondering what all the fuss is about."  OH after hearing about it from some friends and also on Man versus Food.   The very high expectations we had were not met.  The entire staff were great and super friendly but the sandwiches themselves were a little disappointing.  Hate slaw but tried it with slaw anyway.  Scrapped that all off. Nothing special. We shared the corned beef and the salami.   The bread was fresh but so think between the bread and the fries with no salt it over powered the small amount of meet.  So sure it's a huge sandwich at a great price if you want bread with flavorless potatoes on it.  No need to go back but glad we finally tried it.   I do give the fried pickles a 5.  Probably some of the best i have had.  They saved this meal somewhat."  which made me wonder on how quick is was for us to get our food. I sampled other sandwiches that my family got & theirs were much better!! Capicola was on point! And so was the salami!" Ordered the black angus top sirloin steak and cheese for 7.99$ cause the people next to us recommended it however it was nothing special. Way too much coleslaw. Def split it and get ice cream for dessert somewhere else. Only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it! We went because its a Pittsburgh tradition but I cannot say I loved it. It was a sandwich with undercooked fries. Definitely not my favorite.  but didn't taste gross.  All that was left were the cheese and the meats. They may have been the most disappointing because I thought that I could maybe at least enjoy that. Essentially In addition to the famous sandwiches the deep fried pub pickles are also yummy."  but was dying for a taste of Pittsburgh. It is still what I remember and enjoyed every bite. Always a great place for good simple food."  never had a sandwich with fries on it before.  Fried pickles were yummy!  Decent service too."  I got a turkey sandwich with the coleslaw and fries on it. Sounds interesting but the coleslaw was slightly bitter and I'm used to coleslaw being a little sweet. Too many fries on the sandwich. Trust me on this I wouldn't recommend this place. There is much better places right in market square." "The sandwiches seem like a neat idea because they're stuffed with Fries and coleslaw.  But that's about all you taste when you eat their sandwiches.  In reality there's very little meat  it's not worth the wait or the money!" "Saw this place featured on the travel channel and was looking forwarded to trying it.  Got here and the place had limited customers and were not busy "Our first day in town some colleagues of mine went here for dinner. They didn't have anything good to say. Finding that odd with all the Yelp reviews we tried it anyway after the Pirates game. It was about a 10-15 minute easy walk. My buddy and I ordered two sandwiches the capicola and pastrami. They were great! Service was decent It was a cool atmosphere and they had an outdoor seating area.  The staff was fun and energetic.  Great late night food after a night of drinking.  I would definately recommend this place to a friend."  nor do I care to do so. Other places simply cannot execute this meal with the skill and confidence of Primanti Bros." "Our server olia was very friendly throughout the madness of market square tonight.  The sandwiches were great  but the food (decent portions of fairly standard bar food) was only reasonably good." Good atmosphere especially if it's nice outside to sit and eat. The food is good and it's a staple here in Pittsburgh. Easy to pick from menu and very friendly service. Beer here is great too! "What?  This place was insane today!  Slinging the food like nobody's business!  So fun to watch and so busy today!  Only regret was sharing a sandwich with my dining partner and getting the small half!  Deliciously decadent Place was pretty good. First time in Pittsburgh over the past weekend. Chilli cheese fries were awesome! And the #2 best seller was ok I guess. It was good but I didn't love it. .. "It's good if you're in a pinch (or don't have cash) but do yourself a favor and hit-up the original location on 18th street. Seriously  but extremely inattentive. I'm going to go ahead and play my ""I Waited on Tables in High Volume Restaurants for Several Years"" card just so I can say that even during lunch rush "After much recommendation we stopped here for lunch while we were in Pittsburgh for a wedding the other day.  I had never been there before so I asked the waitress for recommendations and she had suggested the angus beef or pastrami.  I had turkey on my mind so I ordered the turkey sandwich and my husband had the angus beef.  When we got the sandwiches both of them were overstuffed with the meat  and fries. It was good but not as good as many try and make it out to be. Definitely different. I also had wings and beer and those items were great.  Also  bread but it is soft and easy to eat. I was surprised that that fries (which are on the sandwich) aren't soggy. I selected the beef. Only three stars because although it has fresh flavor it's very plain. No spices or fresh herbs makes it a very flat sandwich experience."  Pittsburgher cheese steak and corn beef and cheese!! Taste great!! Service was good  you should definitely try it. No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stop at Primanti Bros. There's not much else I can say that hasn't been said in 100 other reviews." The bathroom needs a deep clean but otherwise the place looked spotless." Crazy theory for a sandwich..Cole slaw & French Fries stacked on the sandwich?!? I figured why not... It was Awesome!  watched tv and let the lunch hour slip away with a corned beef and cheese. The staff were nice  for what it's worth... we heard from native Pittsburghers that this one in Market Square and the other one on The Strip are the only two you should go to Totally cool place! Very comfortable and nothing fancy. It's a great place for anyone but it's especially a great place for a steelers fan! And the sandwich's are totally worth it. You can't go wrong here!  also has tables outside so you can enjoy the view when weather is right. They also have music the tables are comfortable" Loved their Food! Lived up to the reputation.  in Pittsburgh and having the Pittsburger! I came and it was everything I dreamed it would be lol. Simple: Get there  took them a while to realize we just sat down. I recommend them to clean their tables and chairs a little better. I sat on a chair and it was a little sticky. Other than that it wasn't too bad. Next time I go back to this place "" native Pittsburghers told me.  But I insisted.  It was fantastic!  Sloppy sandwiches and greasy fries  but hardly any pastrami. The fries weren't very good either -- took them off and was left with a sub-par sandwich."  this place is awesome. Had an amazing sandwich and great service. The locals here were so nice. The area is great. We are from albuquerque and the people in pittsburgh have been great. This restaurant bar rocks!!!!" This was perfect late night hot spot after skating I the MASS MUTUAL skating rink."  make sure to request to sit outdoors because it's super pretty!" Ps- for those who show up at 2:00 and expect to be served after last call.:: and then proceed to act rude about it... Consider that each and every person who works at primanti Bros works hard and deserves to go home. Don't be entitled and feel like you deserve to be served just because you're inside the restaurant. Show respect!" My advice:  Locals must not know shit from their asshole.  There are a lot of other great places around this location   and sweet sausage  cheese sandwiches. Great food--loved the pub pickles! Service somewhat lacking but great experience overall. Worth the wait!" had almost finished. Sure enough the food that had been sitting on the grill was ours - it was over cooked and burned.  I sent it back - showed the gal my burned pastrami sandwich.  Her response was that the black or burn was my pastrami.  She has an attitude and reluctantly made me a new one in 5 minutes. The ice tea tasted old and we had to wait until we got the bill to get a refill.  In watching this operation from the counter they were more interested in singing the words to piped in music than serving the customers. This staff needs some serious lessons in public relations and social skills. For the most part they were rude and inattentive.  The food was ok.  I felt bad for the other couple who brought us here - they apologized several times for the service and our bad experience.  People make or break a business- too bad a few employees can tarnish a businesses reputation- I will not recommend this place - sorry. One star - should be no star  and tasty meat. Getting a seat near the grill was an added bonus for the experience. Efficient I highly recommend the pastrami. It's always lean and tender."  try getting a patio table. You wont be disappointed. I also like to sit at the bar too because I get a chance to see how the sammich is made! I like that they have their systems!"  and cool scenery in Market Square. Arrived around 9pm with my pal jimmy and ordered the spicy ham sandwich - sooooo good. Parking sucks  the sandwich is not something I would do again "Disgusting. Truly one of my least favorite places to visit in the neighborhood. Guests always mention they can't wait to try go here. I dread it at this point. Id prefer to never go back to this location. The staff is friendly. The bar isn't terrible  while Karen had the Pitts-Burger.  Lunch was relatively inexpensive Great interesting menu. Food was very good silverware scarce. The plastic ware was flimsy. I love that this location is next to many different bars and pubs  the internet makes this place sound like an important place to try in Pittsburgh. Give it a shot of youre in town and looking for something casual and not too adventurous."  and french fries! This location was cool because it's right downtown in market square with a cool vibe. I would have another Pittsburgher next time I'm in town."  very enjoyable.  Had the pastrami and was leary about having coleslaw on the sandwich but it works. Add a little hot sauce and it is perfect." "Service is outstanding. Mozzarella was great. But never having been before I was looking for a burger.  I did not get a burger. It was some type of mixed patty I got the Pittsburgh + Cheese and it was enough to fill me up without eating an appetizer or sides."  so I got up and walked out. Never going back. I know these guys are a staple of PGH "I eat Primanti's every time I'm in Pittsburgh. Happened to have two days off while here for work and ate here for the second time today. Their fires are properly made  but we got good service for a good price.  The small guy with glasses who was cooking put on a great show and was fun to talk to.  If we hadn't gorged on 5 Guys ten minutes earlier You will leave smelling like cooking oil. And their beer selection sucks. They had one local beer  but when I called in to place a to-go order I was hung up on 3 times!! Horrible customer service! Y'all will not be getting ANY business  recommendations from me!" "My husband and I shared the Pitts-Burger sandwich and it was just the right amount of food. It was served on 2 thick slices of soft white bread and topped with fries and a crunchy "This is a decent sandwich place that is a staple of Pittsburgh. The special feature of this place is that the fries are placed into the sandwich instead of on the side. The sandwiches are very large "The bomb-diggity of Pittsburgh restaurants!  Fries an slaw on phenomenal local bread with ever sandwich combo you'd expect. Many other menu choices all of consistent quality...Great funky good time atmosphere without pretentiousness. Lots of Pittsburgh ""vibe""! Great food "Really not sure what all the hype and popularity of this place is all about. Sandwich was meh. Fries were meh. Tater tots were meh. But the dipping sauce for the tots were on point. That's about it.  There is very little meat on the sandwich. It's mostly bread and a huge clump of coleslaw. Came here because everyone says it's ""the place"" when in Pittsburgh. I'd pass....  Service isn't that great either."  but they could have used more seasoning for the different layers. We were excited to try them  drive in's and dives. Guy said that this is a must visit place. It was a group of us and we sat outside. The service was prompt and friendly. I ordered a Angus steak and cheese sandwich and a draft Summer ale. The sandwich was huge (see pic). Every sandwich has coleslaw and french fries on it. The cole slaw is a vinegar based slaw. It is is a little different but it had a nice tang to the sandwich. Although the sandwich was huge there really is not a lot of meat. You can ask for additional meat for a small charge. Overall it was a good experience but not quite as mind blowing as Guy described." It's definitely unique and worth a try. I didn't really like the sandwich that much but it's unique and the service was really polite and fast. It's a ""must see"" place while in Pittsburgh!"  I will probably be back. If it was any other sandwich shop  friends were messaging me begging me to bring back sandwiches for them (all the way from Pittsburgh to Rochester Quick service.  There was a line outside waiting to get seated for lunch and it didn't take too long to get seated.  I ordered the colossal fish and cheese and it was good but it wasn't as good as what everyone hypes it up to be. Maybe there are better choices other than the fish.  and the meat was tender. The meat and bread both left me wanting more. The Italian bread was thick...and that's about all I can say for it. Wholly generic otherwise. The meat also lacked any distinguishing flavor other than ""meaty."" I really could have used some more seasoning and flavor from the two biggest components of the sandwich. I'm glad we made it out to Primanti Bros So as a Ravens fan Baltimore boy I'll admit  Primantis is good! But Steelers still suck ass!!  Caw Caw!!!" NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ  but the food is kinda disappointing. Still a good place to guzzle beer and zone out to tv" Primanti's used to be special-single location with good service NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ "Came here because of the history behind it (and a recommendation from my uber driver). The sandwich is honestly more for the experience than the taste. It has too much going on and the flavor a are not a good compliment. The lettuce (which I suspect is actually shaved cabbage) is overpowering Also a little insider info... If your are wondering what their number 1 seller is... It's beer (more specifically Iron City  but I understand that it was a super busy Friday dinner. I would still highly recommend giving this place a try if you haven't been before I am visiting from California and was very disappointed with the service and food. It was all bread and coleslaw. The waiter was not nice at all!  Blah!!!! They have a lunch buffet here too.  I've never tried it because I prefer my food made-to-order."  is their chicken salad.  Its topped with crisp fries - Pittsburgh style - plus melted mozzarella cheese.  Divine.  Just a warning - don't make a mistake thinking the steak salad is just as good.  The steak has a musty taste." The food here is pretty good.  But you're always better off getting it to go." "This is a solid downtown lunch break spot. They run a special between like 11-2 where you can get 3 cuts buffet style (with lots of different types) with a pop for 6 or 7 bucks. Perfect for those days when you oversleep and don't get a chance to pack a lunch. The pizza is nothing that you'd fall asleep dreaming of  three stars doesn't mean the place is mediocre.  It simply means the place does the basics very well and they're good "My office often gets Pizza delivered from Monte Cello's. The crust is thin and the pizza is decent.  I have gone there a few times for lunch to grab a few slices of pizza (with others). I agree that the small fountain drinks with no refills is annoying.  If I am going to eat in  but for salads and hoagies? Not so much." The restaurant is always crowded  at lunch time.  There is a large turnover of pizza so it's always hot." Server said chicken parm sub was whole white meat - it was just a breaded mushy patty. Yuck. My friend got an italian sub that was OK. Skip this place - there are other decent cheap eats downtown. Always have a decent lunch here. The pizza is ok.....but not my favorite....I enjoy the chicken parm hoagie....the specials are nice in an affordable way.....and quick too. As some one who eats at Subway 3 times a week I feel entitled to my opinion I love this subway! The food is always made just the way I want it and the staff has always been very nice and efficient. They will always have my business!  and don't let the long lines deter you.  The lines move quickly.  Tastes like any other Subway (and I've been to a bunch).  You can get in and out quickly at any time of the day.  I go here often for lunch If God made gyros this is what they would taste like!" The resturant is bright and light and fun to hang out at for lunch."  but you never wait more than ten or 15 minutes. Or you can order ahead of time and pick it up."  and they move you through quick despite the lines...."  i think it's a good policy to not eat where they can't properly pronounce what they're serving." Tables were not very clean.  I was surprised at the number of patrons.  This place is definitely regularly visited. They have daily specials  it'd be an easy 5 stars. sometimes I pack my lunch (a quick sandwhich and some crackers) then head over to Zorba's just for some fries and ranch I would go back again because of the food but don't expect any kind of service. That just seems too hard for them." "Usually only order their Grilled Chix Salad which is good. They make home made ranch dressing and their salads have no cheese which I prefer. And of course P.S bring cash only!!"  but freshness is unpredictable.  A little pricey if you don't go with the daily special.  Salads are usually good but cost around $9.  The regular gyros are okay  and reliable consistent experience without a long wait.  I particularly recommend the grilled chicken salad (Bangin' homemade greek and ranch dressing) and gyro's."  but the chicken gyro was unimpressive...kind of bland and the chicken was really dry. I haven't gone back since I found Madonna's right down the street - which in my opinion is money better spent."  soggy fries and hard tomatoes with a greasy piece of ""glazed"" salmon on top. Definitely not what I was expecting based on how much people rave about this place." This place is delicious!  They have the best chicken salads and amazing salad dressing.  The only downfall are the high prices that continue to go up but besides that this place is great!!! "I've been to Zorba's numerous times and I've never once been disappointed by their food. I can never decide what I want to get. The tuna melt pita and buffalo chicken salad are amazing!! Their ranch is delicious also. FYI  but worth it considering the portions." Best EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Been eating Zorbas since i was a child & they were next to tower records The best gyro that I've had in Pittsburgh. The amount of meat on the sandwich varies quite a bit. All depends on who's making the sandwich. The younger gentleman makes a small gyro consistently while the lady who does the majority of the cooking makes a huge gyro. This really affects the taste and consistency of the gyro. The more meat the merrier...stay hungry my friend! Disappointing experience after almost a year since the last time I was here. Ingredients weren't fresh and the gyro was heavy on the spices. The Gyro's are great and on Mondays you get free fries with them.  It's a great deal for a downtown lunch. Well I had my first and last visit to Zorbas. The place was dark and dirty. Salt and pepper shakers were gritty and sticky. Ketchup bottles had a gross goop at the top. Seating was abundant. They now take credit cards as of 2 15 16. Ordered a gyro and the meat was cold. Not acceptable. Fries- generous serving for a free add on (Monday special). I really don't see the hype. Mike and Tony's is much better. I don't think I would return.  but when other people who ordered after me started getting their numbers called before mine I started getting pissed off. Especially when the cooks kept making salads instead of my lunch. I've included this very depressing looking ""Steak Hoagie"". I know it's a lunch rush but this thing was sloppily put together. In addition One of these days Armand's.  I will taste your fish sandwich.  One of these days.  I swear." "There is simply no way to describe Armand's fish sandwich without taking the Lord's name in vain.  It's like that  I have never eaten their fish sandwich. I don't eat animal flesh  although it is also stocked with a soda machine if you get thirsty waiting for your sandwich to be made.   Although for a fish sandwich and fries you'll probably drop about $10 "I walked in to try the fish sandwich that I have heard so much about but decided not to stay. The smell of smoke is over powering.  If your not a chain smoker Don't dismiss the sandwich though for the dive bar atmosphere.  It IS a sought after years old tradition - and apparently consistent.  If you're hankering for a good jumbo sized fish sandwich The bar reeks of smoke and the bar table feels sticky. You'll definitely feel like you're in the deepest hole in the way. The only good thing is that the drinks are cheap. But I really wouldn't recommend going there.  but if you just want a place that is totally chill and downtempo where you can drink with friends "The fish sandwich alone is why I give this place 5 stars. It was one if a kind and worth the money. I bought the large fish sandwich and it had 2 and a half huge filets of a white fish over powering the large circular bun. She wouldn't say what fish it is but I didn't even care. Food is served from 11am-5pm Monday through Friday. The bar is ""smoker friendly"" and I'm not a smoker so I can't judge a smokers bar.. The older lady that made the sandwich for me has been making the same sandwich for over 40 years. That alone should make you try this sandwich."  is naturally a bit dry.  I would recommend two people and an allotted half-hour naptime to conquer the large.   I imagine the small might be more manageable for a single hungry soul."  and downright  OBNOXIOUS!!!!  Was the fish good enough for me to ever go back - NEVER!!!!!!!!" The ability to sit and have a drink is unparalleled. Bam! Armands!" As of 07 2014 food service stops at 7 PM on Friday. The sign looks like the one pictured but with a giant black 7 over the kitchen closing hour for Friday so I'd guess all the other hours are the same (I didn't take a very good look as I was focused on the deliciousness before me)." Most of the places  go to -have free Wifi." FD6OocZdFUfE2J5H0WN4fA  lots of drinkers. But you know what? I love my neighborhood and I love walking in and seeing familiar faces. Prices are fair and the bartenders are cool---they're great to talk to and look out for patrons. Seriously can't beat an ice cold pitcher of PBR when you're low on funds." The fish sandwich is so famous you can't even get one."  and the cook with the mustache is rad.  also  the only good thing was that it was open when I wanted food." I understand why some wouldn't find this place appealing. My circumstances were slightly different since friends of mine literally live across the street on Liberty Ave from the place. So I picked up the food when it was ready rather than waiting in the small dining room."  flaky and greasy and crispy all at once. Yummy. Just uh... don't come here on a day when you want to eat healthy. Come here for a hangover brunch  and the omelettes and potatoes were delicious. I will return."  the prices are fantastic. It's the definition of town diner. Can't wait to come back and try everything else. Also they have grits Don't let the outside fool you! My girlfriend used to live in Bloomfield and we discovered it by just walking in looking for something cheap. The place is tiny but it doesn't matter because the food is good and the portions are big and most importantly it's cheap. I always got the $3.95 breakfast at least I think it was $3.95 all I know is it costs less than $5 for a meal. The staff are friendly and you don't wait long for your food. Wish I could go more often but I can never remember the hours as they are open later at night than during the day.  B.O. is a thing down there. Don't let anyone tell you different. Not always  I recommend eating at the counter. The people who work there are great to talk to. As others have mentioned When Ritters doesn't tickle your fancy I find the Bloomfield Sandwich Shop a great substitute for a decent burger or some late night breakfast. The small interior is enough for a handful of late night munchers. But keep in mind one cant be super picky here. There is no I want it that way or this way. The way they serve it up is pretty much the way they serve it up. Be lucky that you have the option of late night dining. Which is few and far between in Pittsburgh.  it's a little corner diner but their coffee is very good.  Better than some of our local coffee shops even.  Their breakfast is much better t"  I chatted with one of the cooks and another person next to me. Everyone was super friendly. I'm glad I noticed that they are open late-night on the weekends.. gonna have to check it out!"  they easily remedied that situation. I took my first bite and ta da! The light bulb went on. I suddenly understood why locals would keep coming back to this place despite the decor- if you want to call it that. They quite possibly could have been the best pancakes I have ever eaten. The fruit was fresh. That's right  great sammiches- they always aim to please."  although I've seen a few unsavouries. I have tried to like it...I have friends who love it. It just isn't for me. I can appreciate the local pull and wanting to be supportive "Ate here this morning with my dad for breakfast. I've lived here over 3 years and have never been here but was glad I came. I ordered a veggie omelette which came with hash browns or home fries and toast and my dad got the spinach and red pepper skillet which had the hash browns already in it and toast on the side. The food and coffee were both awesome  take a pass- your insides will thank you in the morning.  The times I have eaten here have induced self loathing  of the worst kind..  the only thing worse are the stomach cramps brought on as a result- but I was drunk and it seemed like a good idea at that moment."  and a home away from home experience. Place puts a smile on my face every time."  marvelous food.. Pancakes are f*king awesome!! As big as your plate."  marvelous food.. Pancakes are f*king awesome!! As big as your plate." The price is great and the silver dollar pancakes are soooo good." Great food fast service great price. The local friendly atmosphere is everything you love in a place like this. Not the best looking atmosphere but you can not beat the friendly staff. My goto quick bite place in Bloomfield PS.. This place only take cash." I get the best service here.  More so  than any 4 or 5 star dining place." best open late spot in Bloomfield. Because who doesn't want a cheesesteak at 3am?  but I hadn't had anything that resembled home cooking in a while and I needed this place. This is now a must for anytime I'm in town." I try never to miss at least going once a weekend.  Best breakfast in the 'Burgh. I'll be sure to pay Mama Ros a second visit if I'm ever in Bloomsfield again. So should you." "This place has the worst french fries I have ever tasted. They were literally BLACK. All I tasted was burnt oil. My photo is the zucchini planks and that lump of blackness are the French fries that I was sent home with. I could not even eat one! I also ordered the zucchini planks and a grilled cheese on rye with bacon. The grilled cheese was incredibly dry and the cook put the bread together upside down  the owner couple were welcoming and chatty. I heard all about their thanksgiving. They were closed Thursday and Friday to serve or deliver 300 meals to the needy in their community. 130 deliveries and others picked up. The community supports them financially but they cooked for nearly two weeks to make it happen. 100% gratuity well deserved. Keep it up mom!" I would be remiss to review this place and not mention the free Thanksgiving meal the Sandwich Shop does for those that have no place to go The food is made with love and it shows.  The owners and staff are good people.  You can't go wrong.  The prices are very reasonable."  with dinner AND a show!!! Can't wait for the next visit." I don't think I'll be back as I'd rather try some other place and take my chances than to just have okay food again here."  don't get me wrong the sandwiches are good too! There is just something about a fluffy stack of pancakes and the most perfect bacon to start of the day! Love love love!"  if you're looking for cheap and plentiful portions of basic diner fare done well served up by friendly owners I would recommend  the hobo sandwich- two eggs with your choice of cheese or breakfast meat between two buttermilk pancakes." AMAZING food. A cute mom and pop ambience. And bottomless coffee and tea! College student affordable and better tasting than any fancy coffee shop sandwich  welcoming atmosphere.  The owners really appreciate their customers and strive to please them."  the inside of the Shop is stifling hot.  We enjoyed the outdoor seating  I am saddened that The Sandwich Shop is now closed. =  The food was otherwise delicious."  it is a Panera.  Same as the other thousands out there.  But I did find the people working at this one to be very friendly.  For OK tasting soup and sandwiches in a family friendly atmosphere this is a good option."  and-- pregnant women take note-- there's caffeine-free Diet Pepsi in the fountain. I appreciate the free wifi."  they have a french roast that puts Starbucks to shame." Even Burger King doesn't microwave their breakfast!" "What's with the new bistro French onion soup? I liked the old soup better. Too many onions Asian Sesame Chicken Salad is my favorite 'healthy' lunch. Needs more registers in the mornings. Mildly unorganized. But the breakfast sandwich is worth the wait.  although you're dropping almost $6 on a PB&J or Mac N Cheese. If you order a YOU-PICk-TWO combo you can throw in a dessert item for $0.99." It's a great place to meet friends or clients. It's a great place for families." The ambiance is great at this location due to their seating options; outside  otherwise it probably would have been alright. The chili soup wasn't hot. At least the apple was alright."  and so-so bagel sandwiches. I've tried several of their sandwiches and been disappointed Prepared bagels and sandwiches are a bit pricey but there are a lot of coupons and promotions available. The ""Last Night's Bagels"" are a great deal and if toasted Surprisingly they have wi-fi though I have never seen anybody studying working with a laptop. This location is nice in that it has a whole upstairs to eat your food but the configuration of entering and ordering doesn't make sense to me. When you enter the store  and get a new staff for this location." While I was here I just had a simple everything bagel toasted w cream cheese.  It hit the spot.  Still as good as I remember them." The staff is quick but friendly.  The selection can be thin if you get there after 9.00a but I certainly prefer limited options to bagels that might not be as fresh."  and Brueggers really is a Pittsburgh staple. A skinny zesty egg white breakfast sandwich is the perfect way to go for a lite breakfast."  I've always enjoyed stopping in here while hanging out in Shadyside. It's at the perfect location at the end of Walnut (though technically on Aiken) to grab something on your way into Shadyside or on your way out. I walked in today and the manager greeted me sweetly. I just picked up a bag of day-old bagels (who can beat a bag of 6 for less than 3 bucks?) and a soda "Began my Yelp account in hopes of reminiscing and offering reviews on all my old favorite spots upon my return visit home. Have to say I'm more than disappointed with how downhill this Brueggers has gone. Great food "Pamela is a bad representation of this location! Attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this ""employee."" I will not return."  order your drink while they make your bagel and if you slurp it all down while still in line they are more than happy to give you a free refill as you head out the door." I agree...parking nightmare.  Would be better if you walked here.  Also do not attempt to go here on a Saturday or Sunday if you don't like long lines.  the staff is slow and does not care that they are slow. They frequently mess up my friends orders when we go there. The food is okay typical Brueggers quality usually which is the only reason I am giving it 2 stars instead of the 1." I used to love their salad... Not anymore. Cutting too many corners." I just do NOT understand why this location is so slow... I would not recommend this spot to anyone AVOID until this store gets its act together." A massive thank you to this bagel place. There was a group of 10 runners that were supposed to have a water stop set up nearby that wasn't there. The staff very kindly gave us water which made a 17 mile training run much more pleasant. Thank You and I will definitely be patronizing this shop and sending others as well! - Bruegger's Social Team"  like all other Bruegger's. The non bagel options at this particular location are a bit more limited and the space is a tad on the small side but by and by I do love the rosemary olive oil bagel. It's great toasted with butter - and something different that you can't get at many other bagel places." Overall an acceptable place to grab a quick bite  of course) that get you in the mood. They even have a cute window with a nice view up there. The whole place is really cute!" This is the best NY style pizza in the Charlotte region.  I've had NY style pizza from all over Charlotte and this is by far the best.  I just wished they delivered.  The staff is very friendly. sJtGRBWYUj013nkFA4Hrdg  it is a good value and the food is not bad." You can dine in or take out. A great place to call in and order za and subs and bring home to enjoy. Support your local business cause pizza hut and subway really don't need your $'s." OMG...  Am making myself hungry and its only time for breakfast.  Good thing we got some to-go last night so the fridge is full of leftovers!  Yes... The slices are good cold too :)" My favorite Pizza place in the area. A small here is like a large from other places. Wish they had the beef pepperoni like their Mooresville location.  the crust was my favorite although I didn't care for the toppings as much.  I am partial to Chicago style and the drinks are expensive so the rating is just a 3 star great pizza and huge portions this is some really good stuff. They are really friendly and this is a hell of a deal its the size of three slices at any chain and they taste amazing. The only thing that could be better are there sides but still this place is worth a shot for a pizza lover The food is amazing but the pizza isn't the only thing that's NY style. The staff's attitude is straight out of the big apple. We were told that we couldn't have our pie for dine-in bc they closed in 30 minutes. We didn't have a problem taking it to go. But I'd rather take a pass on the abrasively poor customer service. "This place is the best it gets in North Carolina.  Many pizza shops try to compare to that New York pizza style Pizza by the slice are VERY large. Great garlic knots! It's in the parking lot with food lion. Nice atmosphere inside and quick service. I will definitely be back. "Awesome pizza. A bit greasy The Stromboli is my favorite. The Calzones are very good also. The pizza is good. The Philly steak and cheese is not their best offering.  have been looking for a good pizza place for the past couple months.  finally found it :) the price is really good as well." Note: I always just get cheese pizza because the kids like it more Staff is extremely friendly and somehow always remember me which is odd since I don't make it up that way very often. I have driven all the way from SC a few times just to grab a few slices. Can't recommend them enough." Hands down the place to get pizza in the Charlotte  Huntersville area.  I actually have gotten to know Tony himself.  The pizza is a bit greasy but it's the kind of good greasy that makes you crave more. Warning: Everything here is HUGE. The calzones are bigger than my head. The stromboli could probably feed a small army. The pizza slices are as long as a newborn baby. There can be a bit of a wait sometimes  mister!  Better bring your appetite because they won't let you leave hungry.  Excellent sandwiches too.  Stromboli takes a while to bake Awesome food and friendly service. The people that work at Tony's are super nice and the pizza slices are huge!!! Definitely great bang for your buck. I always come to Tony's when I'm in Charlotte.  Brooklyn South is a close second.  I do wish they had real buffalo wings but I have never had a bad experience." "Great authentic NY style pizza. Call ahead or be prepared to wait as there is always a line. Interior could use some renovations Try the garlic knots....yum! New York Pizza just like when I lived in Queens!!! Don't forget to try the desserts they are great.  I just think the dough is dry like cardboard.  I enjoy the veal parm here.  The calzone and stromboli dough is like the pizza dough.  I like calzone and stromboli to have soft flaky dough  and garlic knots that smell amazing when hot out the oven! The offer pizza by the slice but only cheese and pepperoni. I've never been sure of why they can't just throw a couple of toppings on top of an already baked pie and throw it in the oven. They can charge extra! When I order a slice The place looked clean. When I went it was crowded (Friday night) so it took a while for my pizza to be ready. The large pizza is huge bigger than the box and tasty. My hubby asked me if I got an extra large pizza lol. The slices are huge. One slice is like 2. I also ordered a salad and wings. The wings were good a little spicy. I didn't eat the salad yet because I ate everything else first. I would definitely go back and try other things. "This place is phenomenal.  Just grading the pizza and service here.  The large pizza is huge.  As others have noted "Not the best pizza I have had but certainly not the worst. We got a medium and couldn't eat half. (2 people). Seemed a little pricey for nothing special. $35 for a medium pizza (3 toppings) a chef salad and 2 fountain drinks. Now it is hand tossed and fresh The bread the meals come with is just a warmed tough roll.   They should start giving the option of garlic knots instead of French bread loaf." Pizza is good. Meatballs seem store bought. I wasn't impressed. Maybe because in not a newyorker. Wouldn't recommend going out of your way for a slice. Order delivery from elsewhere... Really it's not that great "Had a meatball sub for lunch today.  Very tasty.  But SCREAMING hot.  Burned my mouth on the first bite.  So be careful!  Otherwise a good  great tasting crust. One of the best slices of pizza in Charlotte." "Great pizza at a reasonable price. Picked up take out pepperoni and cheese. Only down side to picking up the pizza was that there was not a separate line for pick up and people ordering slices pies in the restaurant. However  Domino's weak. And they used canned mushrooms. You can tell because when they use real mushrooms they shrivel up a bit in the heat. These were still slightly slimy and that color that canned mushrooms have. My fried ravioli was way too chewy and the breading was bland." "The pizza is the best in Charlotte IMHO.   Service is always fast and pleasant.  It can get very crowded with takeout customers on Friday nights and Saturday afternoons.  The pizza is terrific NY style thin crust and very large pies.   The subs are also very good as are the salads.  The hot entrees are very generous and tasty  as it only takes one to fill me up.  And their garlic knots are quite scrumptious - so plan on getting a couple orders if you're a carb addict like myself!"  but that's what I expect and it's nothing a few napkins can't take care of. So happy to have tried Tony's!" Amazing pizza!  I'm so impressed after only the first time eating here.  Ordered a medium white pizza and it was ready in 15 minutes.  It was so delicious with fresh ingredients.  I'll definitely be back!  when I moved here I was happy to find Tonys. But last few times I have gone it has not taste the same. Crust not cooked enough etc I hope this is not a trend."  Lake Norman area. The others try but come up short."  it reminds me of the pizza slices in Washington Best pizza in Charlotte. Huge slices with excellent crust. The subs are excellent as well. I have been here over 20 times and have never had a bad experience. This is the best location of all the Tony's in the Charlotte area. Really enjoy this pizza parlor always seems to make it fit with which ever holiday it is. And the pizza is great.  great price! I've heard people talk of it for 20 (?) years and wish I had come sooner. Great food!" We will call to order a pizza to take home next time because we loved it!" Talk about a large pizza pie. The pizza overlaps to the edge of the box like it busting in the seams. Gotta love the crust! Thin pizza with gooey cheese of course don't forget the toppings- sausage on one half of the pie and spinach on the other half. Now "Calzones are excellent!! Pizza is really good too. If you come on Friday or Saturday night expect to wait a little bit "I recently moved from NYC to Charlotte for work. This is Tonys pizza is the best place to go when we are craving really good NY pizza. They also have amazing sandwiches.  The workers are very friendly. Cleab environment to eat in and it's good for lunch or dinner.  you will be waiting in a disorganized line for at least 30 minutes. Very friendly service and good pizza "To categorize Tony's as ""your average pizza joint"" is by far one of the biggest mistakes one can make. Growing up on this pizza since elementary school "My go-to spot for a Philly Cheesesteak! Call it in to get it faster "I guess I will have to give it another chance but pizza and knots were dry .. hopefully it will grow on me it's next door .. have had better in Charlotte Great NY style pizza. Huge slices and friendly staff. The best pizza you can get in the area. Ok pizza..... nothing great. If you transplanted this place and put it in NY then it wouldnt stay open too long. The slices are quite large but the Ny style just isnt there. The closest pizza i have found to back home is Due Amichis. Been eating the pizza here for years! Still our favorite. The large is huge with big ol' floppy slices. Love this place. Some of the best pizza you can get in clt that reminds me of up north. Always got it as take out for a stay in movie night when I lived on this side of town. Tasted so wonderful but I find it a little ridiculous I just paid $11 for a Philly steak and French fries. I'll return again but only if I'm in the area and not trying to budget myself for lunch "Man! I was really looking forward to a nice pizza! But the slices are so much different tasting then when you order an actual size pizza. It was so dry and had no flavor whatsoever  and worth the price. The only reason I didn't give five stars is that we ate there There was a group of teenagers and moms in there and they seemed to also be enjoying their meal.  The restaurant is decorated in early modern tacky which is pretty cool.  This is not a fancy date night place by any means but is a great lunch pizza place."  and this is like getting a slice of pizza back home. BUT Everything is good- if you're a wing person you must try the wings with a side of marinara or blue cheese. Spaghetti Best pizza around!  Eggplant parm is also very good. When you talk to the staff you can tell this is a real Italian place!  and wait in line for another 30 minutes trying to get my food. They really need to come up with a system to get food out quicker. The same person takes all orders  which is a good indication that the food is good. New York style pizza that you have to food to eat. In the New York tradition  this place gets all the ingredients just right The largest table seats 6 people and there are no chairs that aren't affixed to the ground to add to your table.  We had to sit in two of the large booths that back up to one another.  This restaurant would greatly benefit from expanding their space.  There were not enough tables for everyone waiting for food.  There also isn't really a waiting area Now I remember why I rarely get pizza here - they are super expensive! The pizza is very good however! Authentic NY style (as authentic as you can be in NC). The toppings were $2 each. I didn't realize how expensive it was until I went to pick up 3 large pizzas with 2 toppings each - $64!!! The pizza was good tho! "The best pizza around! New York style pizza and subs are my two favorite things! The people that work there are incredibly kind too. Everything is on point: the staff Average sub shop with above average subs. Their hot sauce selection can add even more heat to their primarily hot sub menu. Sandwich sizes are satisfying and service is fast enough even when busy.  usually fast service.  The hot sauce selection is the best part though.  They will even sell full bottles which is good as the grocery stores around here have very limited selections."  this is location is equipped with the futuristic Coke Freestyle beverage contraption." I arrived an hour later and everything was ready and organized. My HOA volunteers thank you and we'll be back...with more notice next time"  even better that it right beside Starbucks. They also now take Apple Pay." They are quick to get your order. Chili is awesome and hearty. A little pricey for what it is though. I love the collection of hot sauces. Hook and ladder is my favorite. Customer service is always awesome. There is someone always at the register and someone cleaning the dining area.  they've got 'em all! I absolutely love this place! You can go for weeks and try something different everyday. Also because you can create your own sandwich or wrap too. Their spuds are pretty big and tasty. I only wish they had more than 4 spud options. Double-thumbs up." Despite all the looting happening right before your eyes Jason's Deli is basic restaurant where you can't go wrong." Great sandwiches and you get free ice cream at the end.  What's not to love?  and they bring the food out to you.  The muffalettas are HUUUUGE.  The sandwiches are awesome and so are the actual salads (never tried the salad bar option yet).  I've gotten the nutty salad  no matter. Most people were eating while they waiting for their food to be delivered. I was in awe...ha. The roast beef sandwich was great and the portion was large...couldn't finish it all. If you're in the mood for something fast and lite  you get free muffins and ice cream.  But don't let them spoil your appetite-their sandwiches alone will bust your gut.  For around $8 Can't go wrong with their soup and salad bar. You don't even have to wait in line with their do-it-yourself ordering. Thanks for working hard Not too crazy about this place. I ordered a pastrami on rye and it was just a pile of meat on soggy bread.  Souper Salad offers significantly more salad toppings and additional buffet options at a similar price.  I feel like I never get my money's worth at Jason's Jason's salad bar is the best I have found. The ingredients are always fresh and the selection is good. Yes I am a fan of Jason's in Pineville." UPDATE:  Went back for lunch (at a friend's request) on Tuesday (11 1).  I had the chicken club salad and a cup of the Southwestern Chicken Chili.  Both were quite good.  My bill:  $14.90.  I'll up the rating to 2 stars  I'm not blaming this establishment for serving highly caloric items...it happens. I like Jason's. I just have to be a bit more careful of what I order!"  I will likely get my food to go.  I will say that the employees and management were very nice." This was an ample portion of pasta and meatballs.  Good taste and reasonably priced." The food is excellent.  The service is average and the place is over priced.  BUT THE FOOD IS GGGGGGGRRRRREEEEEEEAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTT This is a place everyone in my family likes. My husband loves the penne pasta while my daughter and I get their salad bar. Their baked potato is also very good.  the food is actually pretty good but honestly i don't think grabbing a few sandwiches and salads need to be so difficult."  love the salad bar. My only complaint - please don't put ice in the salad bar ingredients. I know you want to keep it fresh but sorting out the cauliflower from the ice is a pain and I ultimately end up with a pool of water in my bowl."  I was very impressed....enjoyed my lunch and the ice cream cone....will I be back....of course!" One of our family's favorite places to eat! Salad bar is  the best in Charlotte. Love the sandwiches. Looking forward to my next trip to SC to check out this place again!" What a wonderful experience!  I am so impressed by this place and I'm mad at myself it took me this long to come.  They have a very large selection of sandwiches and a large salad bar.  My favorite part is getting the half sandwich (any on the menu) and half salad (which is large enough to put your head in).  There are complimentary muffins on the dessert bar and free ice cream too.  Everything is fresh and or organic.  I'll go any chance I'm over this way.  I gave them a call and the manager Tim said they had closed at 10 but since I was close he told me he'd reopen for me. Not only did he not rush me I took my order to go from Jason's deli and it was a quick non painful experience. I did see a worker named Jason go out of his way to help a family who spilled their drink on the table. It was nice to see someone caring about other people. I still think this place is over priced so I gave it 3 instead of 4 stars. The New York Yankee is pretty damn good. "Was privy to eat lunch here several times this week.  The pastrami sandwich is a golden throwback to NYC deli pastrami sandwiches  black olives and Russian dressing which is the perfect blend of complements on this sandwich.  Enjoy it with the blue corn tortilla chips or a side of fresh fruit.  Don't forget the ice cream machine for your free ice cream afterward.  They have recently redecorated the dining room to give it a more coffeehouse-style feel and it is nice." Minor details. They do a good job at Jason's Pineville."  the food was just okay the corn beef was sliced too thick and it was tough." Good food fast service for the size crowd. got to teach my daughter how to swirl a soft serve. Excellent menu.  Food was good portions and very good.  Reasonable pricing for what you get.  There are a number of outside tables where you can eat with your dogs. "This is one of the most accommodating places I have ever had the pleasure of dining.  The staff is fantastic... I come with my two dogs and sit outside on the patio and everyone is always checking on us Definitely not stingy on the meat! The hot corned beef and the baked potatoes are delicious . You can never go wrong with Jason's Deli."  busy place at lunch time but they get it right overtime and have a great salad bar Excellent food affordable price ... Salad bar is stocked and sandwiches are always overflowing with whatever meat selection you order. My favorite is the beef stew soup. So good on a cold January night ! Has just enough spice to add a pleasant kick to the meaty beefy soup base. Spotless restaurant; friendly faces; thanks Thomas for the great parking tips!  Salad bar contained fresh food and kept well stocked. The food is good. However the people here are Stupid."  which is not on the menu. You can thank me later."  but there sandwiches are awesome. I also love the free ice cream and friendly staff." Excellent food. Tasty and healthy with organic options. The service here is amazing. Employees couldn't be any friendlier and I always have a wonderful experience here. Had lunch to go and it was ok. they made me a tuna-fish in a wrap and it was a decent lunch. They did look to have a decent salad bar and I think I woudl do that if I ever went in again How could you not like this place? You make your own salad. So I don't even have to go into detail about the salad bar. But I will say I LOVE the papa joe sandwich here. It has a lot of flavor. I was full for a good while but it doesn't take much for me. I used to love their egg salad sandwich but I think they took it off the menu. Sad day. Lol.  I decided to bite the bullet. The man delivering our food wasn't paying attention and couldn't find our order number on our table so I had to try to flag him down but I lost him and my food was cold by the time it reached the table (he walked past us 3 times) ... That said  and helping the other employees out. This is a fantastic showing that the manager here knows how to lead his team even when they are not busy. Occasionally somebody walks in and he goes right back to taking their orders and doing so with great efficiency. I love this place and like this location over the one off Park Rd. You will have a great experience here. I promise."  but this particular location is too crowded. Tables and chairs and booths are all crammed together making it an uncomfortable eating experience. There is literally no space between the tables in much of the restaurant. Won't visit again."  your dozen bagels (sliced) and Box of Coffee is ready to go. Comes with 2 cream cheeses and the staff was very friendly about the order. Sometimes places Its such a nice change to a greasy fried breakfast.  I'm glad I went and I will be back!" The employees are friendly and the food is great and its a great option for breakfast or lunch!"  and the decor cleanliness could use a little UMPH." Brueggers Bagels when hot and fresh the bagel are good. I don't like the fact that they ask if you want the bagel toasted that is already hot or warm. Being from Jersey this is not a question asked in the early morning hours by any of the bagel shops. They really rip you off with their drink prices so grab a water at the gas station and save a buck.  one specialty bagel and a chicken-pesto ciabatta. All is made to order and 100% fresh! We loved it! But keep in mind "Cream cheese skimp alert!! We pay ~$7 per smoked salmon bagel and they put the cream cheese on like people butter their toast. They have no clue what the word ""toasted"" means. It really is just warming the bagel. The lox bagels are not even made open face. Not going back again." I'm roughly equidistant from a few Bruegger's locations.  I occasionally visit other locations and am consistently disappointed Truly one of the BEST bagels I have ever had. I got the Veggie Asiago Bagel and it was worth every calorie. I was very please with the kindness of the employees as well. Definitely gonna be my go to spot for bagels in Charlotte. I'm not from around here but I will make it a point to stop in when I'm around." "The bagels was nice but I was the only one in there and I asked for a toasted gable with cream cheese and lox. I got back to my office and the bagel was not toasted. How hard is it to get that right when its the only think i ordered and the pace was empty?  Wish they also carried sable . The staff or lady was nice Came here one morning. There was a line but it wasn't too bad. I got the everything bagel and it was everything you could ask for. The flavor is so good and the bagel wasn't too chewy. Normally I wouldn't rate a fast food place a 4 but their salmon bagel is something to write home about! What a wonderful place for a quick breakfast! I've come here almost every single day for breakfast before work and the people that work here are super nice!!!! They already know my order by now :) Karis is such a sweetheart and is always up for some quick conversation!!!! The staff is awesome and did I mention the bagels!?! Extremely tasty!!!  it's affordable. Lunch normally runs me $7 or $8. Matt's is often packed with Wachovia employees at lunchtime. If you've got a flexible schedule  and enjoyed them immensely.  I just wish we had someplace like Matt's near MY workplace If you're looking for a hot dog in Chicago  but it is $4 for 30 mins or something crazy like that.  I drive past it and park in front of the Duke energy building at a meter and walk in for my fix.  The hot dogs are great  etc. but I only go for the hot dogs. Pleasant setting by an artsy greenbelt park tucked between bldgs in Uptown. I make a point to have lunch there on my fairly frequent visits to Charlotte." Overall it was a great hot dog.  i'll definitely stop in again before I leave Charlotte." "I am going to keep my rating four stars simply because I love their Chicago dogs  etc. You can get everything ""Carolina style"" too if you're so inclined. Located on The Green near Aquavina. Great outdoor seating on a nice day!" I definitely want to come back and try a few other menu items...I see a cheesy beef in my future."  the fries were mushy and soft but I am equal opportunity when it comes to fried potatoes and will eat whatever you put in front of me. $6 something for a lunch combo with side (fries or chips) and drink (free refills-holla!) is a great deal in my eyes and you can eat outside if the weather is nice. When I went in for a refill gpCtDCSXIoQx70cq9itfNA I digress. Tasteful decor is not a dealbreaker though. I'm sure I'll be back."  Michigan. I love a good chicago dog no matter where it came from and Matt knows how to make a good dog." There always seems to be a little bit of a confusion when you try and get your food from the counter. They'll call your number and you pick up your food with no problem  and romaine lettuce with a balsamic dressing. It is one of the best salads downtown!"  I usually end up getting the Italian cheesy beef thing dipped in its own juice... It comes loaded with meat and never fails to fill you up. Sit outside with a side homemade chips and you'll definitely get your money's worth." "great dogs for under $4.  The dogs were a little skinny I would definitely recommend Matt's Chicago Dog for anyone in the area."  a MUST for every trip to NC from now on."  seeing this was my only option to fill a craving I went for it.  Very good dog and the Carolina dog was on par and perhaps even better.  If visiting Charlotte (kinda pricey...combo #12 is a Two Dog Combo = 8.69 --- really????)"  I am looking forward to another visit when I am Uptown.  The fries (my daughter's) were not to my liking but the tea was acceptable.  The restaurant is small so stopping in before or after the lunch hour is probably a good idea if you want to get a seat.  However Good inexpensive eats. The have ridiculous combinations for dogs and burgers and the prices are extremely fare. I will definitely return the next time I am in Charlotte.  its truly a great dog!!!" It's so cheap that it's hard to complain but I can't say this was a particularly good chicago dog. Still for 3 bucks it's a good snack lunch and it's right next to where I work! Since its about a 15 minute walk from the hotel we stay at and no car it will see me for lunch again."  and Matt's is located on the first floor of what appears to be a newer condominium building. The entrance is adjacent to an outside green space area with multiple other shops and eateries nearby.  Fantastic seating outside and ample table space inside.  He went for the BBQ pork and I chose the Italian beef with cheese and hot peppers ( vs sweet). Au jus on the side  and that pesky craving for hot dogs? Totally slayed."  do Chgo proud and get the meatier   plump size dog to show NC what a Chgo dog is all about! C'mon Matt! remember your roots! Me and Da Coach will try it again in a few weeks - hope you can make the change and get it right!"  and the guy just stared at me like I was interrupting something that he had going on. I said Hi and he looked confused.....sooo before I placed my order I decided to give him some customer service 101......GREET!! I am amazed at the lack of individuals willing to at least do their jobs these days." For those who aren't getting a hot dog (yes at Matt's Chicago Dog) this is a review for you. I got the chicken salad sandwich to-go for lunch which came with chips and a container of fruit. The bread was great. The filling was okay. I had no trouble eating it for lunch and was relatively filling. There's a good amount of chicken in their chicken salad so not a lot of filler. The potato chips are thinly sliced but not very flavorful (It seemed unevenly salted). I finished off the lunch with a giant chocolate chip cookie which had the right level of sweetness but a bit too hard for my tastes. "Born and raised in Chicago so I am happy to find a place that serves Vienna dogs and also has Italian Beef the Chicago way.  The dogs were awesome and the beef was really good except I don't like Vienna's giardiniera relish....I prefer Marconis!  If Matt's used Marconi's relish instead and was able to get the Turano bread delivered fresh  even during busy service.  it's somewhat of a hike for me to do for lunch (from far east Charlotte) but it's certainly worth the time!" really good dogs and burgers! I have actually gone to Matt's Chicago Dog for lunch for 4 consecutive weeks. Great place for lunch. They have really fast service seemingly even when there is a crowd. I have made it my business to try a few different things all of the items I've had were great. My only complaint would be on the homemade fries. Be sure to check your order because you do not want them cold. Definitely plan on going back.  best hotdogs I've had in a long time. The Carolina dog is great Somewhat cheap and very good = good lunch spot." So overall I love Matt's as it does provide me with a LITTLE taste of home. I can only hope that SOMEONE opens up a REAL CHICAGO PIZZA place here in Charlotte....while I love thin pizza  bits of sausage and tangy tomato sauce inside. Sooooo good..... Do yourself a favor and get 2 of them and thank me after. I grew up in the Chicago area and everything here is just like I remember it. I just saw that they are now serving Chicago-style deep dish pizza! Can't wait to give it a try. They also have Vienna Beef hot dogs which are literally the best hot dogs you'll ever eat. I like to eat them with fries and cheese. Ask for extra crunchy fries because they tend to be soft OK... I haven't had a chicago dog here (gasp!) but all the rest of the food I have had here has been very solid so I am sure their Chicago dogs are great.  It's not Chicago The cheese used for the cheese fries is an absolute ""boooo!"". I will not try those again." Made to order jalapeo poppers were amazing! Such a fun place to try as we were visiting charlotte for the day! This location is really convenient to my office so I find myself there at least a couple times a month and will continue doing so as long as they remain consistent in what they do." I guess after all the raving about the roast beef I need to try the hot dogs. It will be hard to ignore that sandwich though."  My fiance ordered the Bratwurst......which tasted horrible. My order was Perfection!!!! Also the weather was beautiful today. Unfortunately this location is closed on Saturday's.......boooo! I hear the Deepdish pizza is DeeeeeLish! Anywho  I would go again and would recommend this place if you are in the mood for a hot dog." Staff was really friendly and drove this review to 4 stars." This is the best place to visit when you're craving a good dog!" This place was a home run !!!  Many hot dog and burger choices.    They even gave us a free refill on our sweet tea !"  a line will sometime go out the doors and their is a wait as they make your food fresh.  I recommend sticking with their hot dogs and sausages  and the lunch combo is a great deal. It's also in a good location on a small park   courtyard with some outdoor seating options" "I seriously crave their pizza puffs!!! They are the best thing ever. Filled with gooey cheese and pepperoni. I haven't tried anything else but if you ever get the chance to go  each time the meat was tough - under cooked perhaps to stretch the serving portion. I kept thinking I got a bad batch but the sandwiches are pretty expensive so I won't be giving it another shot. They use Vienna beef so I would suggest cooking the meat longer and giving the customer a decent portion." The manager here is super nice. The food is consistently great. If you are in uptown or near another location I implore you to try this place out. I eat at the one in uptown during lunch dates with co-workers and the manager there always does a great job and remembers the regulars. This is something I greatly appreciate! Keep up the good work.  and a drink for $5.99.  I must say that's a pretty good deal.  If you keep your receipt from Tues you can come back any day of the week and get the same deal again for $5.99.  If you're not lucky enough to get there on Tues then the subs for lunch can get a tad bit pricey.  A regular club sub  and roasted red peppers.  The sandwich was very good.  Jersey Mikes uses finely shredded lettuce which I prefer.  The meats are cut on a meat slicer as your sandwich is made so they are not sitting around in a cooler.  If the regular prices weren't so high I'd go to Jersey Mike's instead of the $5 footlong place. but as another reviewer mentioned you can take your receipt from Tuesday back and get the same $5.99 deal which is definitely worth it.  I'm going to give them 4 stars on Tuesdays."  the original Italian.  The sandwich had the same high quality and everything from my previous review was reinforced.  Since it was pretty slow I was able to interact with the staff there. They were extremely friendly and courteous.  The woman garnishing sandwiches called me ""sweetie"" (don't tell my wife).  The manager was on the register and he asked me if I liked the bounce back deal.  I replied with a hearty 6ICGve6UyGPuLaGrKQBVuw This is a very nice shop and I'm a big fan of the Turkey sandwich Mike's Way "Never even knew there was a Jersey Mike's uptown till recently.  I may just have to start putting this into my rotation.  I came in on a Tuesday for the Super Tuesday deal ($6.50 for Sub Chips Drink).  It was pretty packed and I was told normally it's more crowded.  Note to self "Jersey Mike's Tuesday Special is awesome. $7 for any regular sub  and not once have I walked out disappointed!  If you are tired of subway or just want a great sub (hot or cold) come here!  I love their club sub ""Mike's way""  but downtown for lunch I decided to check out this location. The line was almost out the door! Although it moves somewhat quickly the service is very chaotic and I was charged for the order behind me. Overall "This is one of the best managed Jersey Mikes I have ever been too. I have been eating here consistently for 8 years (since 2006)  and they never disappoint. Always clean  and a drink for $6.49. Great deal and ever better sub! You cannot go wrong with the traditional Italian or club sub  .... gotta have it Mike's Way! Staff is always friendly and very quick to make the subs." Overall a good choice to get a great COLD sub! My fave is the Original Italian done ""Mike's Way.""" I won't be going back that's for sure..."  but DUH its lunch in Charlotte. And it gets buys here because it's good and everybody wants it!! Hellloooo!!Service is great This Jersey Mike's kicks ass!!! The staff is always friendly. Tuesday luncheon is chaos but they people there get you out of there in no time. The #9 cold sub is a steal and their relish has the perfect balance of acidity and sweetness.  Jersey Mike's doesn't skimp on the toppings. Every time I've been here they load up the meat. There's a good amount on your sub so you won't leave disappointed."  among the wine store casks and the Lenox china displays. It's a lot more low key than the crazy food court upstairs. Killer BLTs that you can address at eye level. Great grilled chicken and salads for light days  and it was ready very quickly. This is definitely the place to go if you'd like a quiet lunch in the mall A nice addition - they now sell the ""perfect"" croutons by the bag for $1.99!"  there is a reason.  Great soups and sandwiches.  A lot more healthier choices than eating in the food court."  you have to check this out. It is like a little wine store located right inside the department store. They do tastings and classes and have a special room for the fine stuff.. I have only just peeked through the glass Wow!  Great wine selection and knowledgable staff to help me pick out a special bottle for a celebration as well as easy drinking value wines.  definitely stop in because these guys know their stuff and have a nice selection." Vs7MM34ybTXHqhdojrIFMg  and their ranch is top notch.  Shout out to the Balsley family for running an amazing Food & Wine business for nearly 40 years!"  since I worked at South Park.  The food has always been consistently good.  One of the best grilled cheese around Nice alternative to typical food court offerings without sacrificing quality for price or speed."  I have mostly gotten the same one every time I have eaten here!  The first time I ate here was more than 20 years ago and the flavor has stayed consistent!  Trust me  to avoid the food court and maybe select something a little healthier." "It's been a while since I have been here due to moving to Raleigh two years ago.  But my trip to Charlotte this weekend has me jotting down a few must-have pit stops and this is one of them.  Absolute BEST grilled cheese with bacon EVER!!  I know what your thinking FYI the BF is rather picky and can be snobby about restaurants but he loved this place too ;-) just saying!!"  ugh! The sandwich was brought with no tomatoes and lettuce and they forgot to add the onions I requested. The bread was stale If you're looking for that hard to find bottle Best cheese steak in town. The fantastic service and great prices make this a must visit. Had a great Cheesesteak with the fries!!! It was excellent!!! The had a line of people waiting when I arrived but the line moved very quickly. My wait was about 10mins. I will definitely go back!!! This place is cute and quiet. I will definitely be back here."  is a good option for a meal while shopping if you are not a food court fan- and I am not.  I love to meet friends here for a quick bite." Never had a bad meal here in over a decade. Burgers and grinders are my go-to's. Get a dill pickle half to cap off the meal.  Prices are on the high side but don't eat at south park mall if you're poor. McDonald's is right across the street. This is my go-to lunch spot whenever I'm craving an egg salad sandwich. The restaurant is family owned and operated and as a result the quality of food and service is consistently high. I highly recommend this restaurant for lunch and dinner. A definite go to lunch spot when in the South Park area."  you expect a degree competence when things are delivered." The place is also hidden away so it isn't super loud and busy like the food court. I would recommend this to any shopper at southpark mall."  best philly cheesesteak in town. I know you wouldn't expect that from a place at the mall." Arthur's has delicious burgers made in a secret sauce. They are shaped like flowers but are made of pure great quality beef. I recommend the hamburgers but others might reccomend the grinder.  but they used to be excellent..  I do wish they would get a toaster oven to heat grinder hoagies....microwaved bread is tough!   Reuben's are skimpy....bits of meat...mostly sauerkraut which makes a soggy sandwich.   Burgers are tasty.  Asian salad is best salad." Arthur's is great! I always get their cheeseburger with fries and it's the best around! I don't usually like onions on my burgers but they dice and grill theirs and it's fantastic! It's a great place to go during your lunch break and read a book. My only issue is the check-out line can get a little backed up and their credit card machine takes a couple minutes to process. Other then that it's good! "The real locals have grown up with Arthur's. I've come here with my family since I was in a stroller. 6-inch Turkey Grinder  Arthur's SO deserves and update and better rating.  Since 2013 I have been several times and although I still think the prices are high for lunch "I've been coming here since I was a kid and have only ever had the turkey grinder with fries. its so good i never want to try anything else. This is one of my favorite restaurants They also sell delicious items such as natural and organic peanut butter mixed with dark chocolate. They've got yummy sounding salads and soups. A great place to come for lunch And best of all...the wireless is fast and free! If you get here at a time that isn't overrun by the lunch crowd  Bruegger's is never too packed; you're in and out pretty quickly. My girlfriend loves their Leonardo di Veggie bagel sandwich Tip: I wasted $2 on a very very disgusting and watered down Iced Coffee. Avoid at all costs. Minus 1 star for that."  this Cotswold location is NOT attached to a Caribou. Others in Charlotte are  with all the standards and a few surprises and good cream cheese - I am excited to try Poppy's soon but this will always be a great place in Cotswold to get some carb lobving :)"  for the line I'm not sure what that was about cause I think I could've gotten a better bagel at Starbucks. Guessing it was some of the other lunch options." "Excellent service. Always a friendly smile. This is a location i frequent often. The staff and managment are always friendly  the staff was very nice. I just need to avoid bagel sandwiches...."  decided to try them on my own. Was very pleased with the zesty egg white turkey on rosemary olive oil bagel. It was a mid Monday morning so no service issue. Was pretty happy with my selection and would gladly go back." The skinny bagel breakfast sandwich is the perfect amount to start your day. Add a pumpkin spice coffee to top it off! If you're in a hurry don't come here." I hope to see a turn around but in the weeks since the change I have seen only one thing a decrease in the service and quality I've come to expect. At this time I can no longer promote this place as one I'd recommend to friends or coworkers" This brueggs kinda sucks. Every time I've come they are out of multiple kinds of bagels so someone isn't doing their counts correctly (use to work at a brueggers). The service is lousy. Also apparently brueggers discontinued sprouts-not this stores fault but wtf?! Sprouts are awesome. Going to Poppy's next time. It's clear I'm not the only one who has given up coming here frequently; this used to be a fun hangout spot as well "Each of the Charlotte area Brueggers need some serious help. Same sandwhich never costs the same price. The staff seems put out and complains of being overworked and understaffed. I paid $8.00 + for a turkey on a bagel and am still trying to figure which golden ingredient I picked to warrant this insane price for a weak sandwhich. Sad  but I have never encountered anything bad either. I stop by once a month or so...."  and condescending service.  This used a great place. New management? They seem to mess up small and large orders alike as well as make every attempt to ruin your day.  Don't do it!  Not the only bagels in town anymore."  but it had horrible customer service. One of the workers commented on my friend's outfit in a negative manner... Saying her outfit was ""fun"" than proceeded to laugh. There was a lot of gossip that happened while we were sitting there. It was just a toxic environment and most likely will not be back. It did satisfy the breakfast sandwich need but other than that not a great experience."  friendly service. There was no wait. Prices are ok. The parking is pretty plentiful "A lot of talking among staff causing them to be very slow with my order at lunchtime.  This is really frustrating Gave it one more try guess I'm a gluten for punishment .. Figured in a year it would change.. It's even worse the attitude of the employees are disgusting the health rating is a 95 figures place is falling apart and filthy... Park rd please open an einsteins or somewhere else ... I will stick to the juice bar next door give this dump a miss ...  even with the slightest of issue.  I think it shows how much they care and really just means a lot to the whole of the business and what they think of their customers.  Connecting this way with people is a reason I will be back.  I know if I ever have a problem Coffee is good though." "Great spot to get a basic sub - they pile the meat extra high and the service is always friendly.  A regular sub is 7""and is enough for two meals for me - they also have giant 14"" subs and mini 3.5"" subs. You can get your sub 'Mike's Way' which is the way I like it (oil  just classic sandwich stuff.  I thought that the ingredients were very fresh and I like the younger folks behind the counter; they were easy to pick up a conversation with.  I prefer this over both Subway and Quiznos.  I really can't put my finger on it Nicely renovated sub shop.  Great sandwiches and very nice owner.  I definitely plan on returning.  I will request oil on the side for the Italian sub because it soaked through the bread when I got home. Nevertheless "The guy that helped me was very nice. However for $7 I expect more out of my sandwich. I had the tuna salad YUM! This was my first time eating at Jersey Mike's and it was yum yum in my tum. I had the Philly Cheesesteak with mushrooms added. I'm also glad they offer Vickie's chips :) The two guys working were very nice and I'm happy that this is down the road from my new place!  you know what they have. Staff was nice and my sammich was good  but the next time I spend $10 on a sub and soda  so I suggest take-out.  Parking is almost impossible at 12pm so arrive early." "I visited this establishment last week.  I was impressed with the cleanliness and the employees.  I will agree with the other posts the location is very small  and the bread felt and tasted like it was 3 days old. Even with this place being just blocks from my house "Clean and friendly service. Not busy at all on Sunday. The subs are always consistent and delicious. They tend to be a little pricey Also a few hours after I ate I got sick to my stomach."  but this was definitely the best one I have ever been to."  and the daily specials are delicious. I've never had anything be less than tasty and freshly prepared. And the cheapest fish sandwich is the best! For a $5 lunch I go to this location often when I'm at my other job so I'll go back." Gray fresh food. A good place to eat maybe after church. Staff was nice and continued to check on us  menu selection and service is excellent! Fish sandwich is my favorite. They definitely have consistency and quality for the price. They are a sure bet for a quick fix. Even though you ordered at the counter you still get table side delivery and some service I love Showmars. Never had anything here I didnt like. I typically go with the calabash shrimp dinner or shrimp and fish dinner or fish sandwich. All great. I usually call ahead and pick it up. You can dine-in but I'd rather not. Food is cooked fresh but doesn't take long.  asked for some extra tartar sauce. They wanted to charge me 50 cents for it. The expense won't kill me but that is the kind of thing that drives me insane. It's just a big FU to the customer to nickel and dime a person like that. So I will return that sentiment to this restaurant and just go somewhere else. Congrats Showmars you saved yourself 8 cents worth of mayo and relish and totally ticked off a potential customer who eats out a lot. Food there is OK The worst breakfast  you can ever get stay away from this place for breakfast the service is bad the food sucks three attempts three times it suck the service and food. "I grew up around the corner from Rusty's and I've been going here for as long as I can remember. You walk in and they've got a nice selection of canned and bottled beverages - including beer. Then you walk up and order from the guy in the kitchen. I usually get a chicken salad sandwich - so good - but today I tried the black bean burger and it was really good. It had salsa and cheddar cheese on top  but the interior decor is fun and a good place to eat with a couple other friends. The only thing I'd say is that there isn't a whole lot of variety on toppings for a sandwich or burger What an awesome burger!  So long Five Guys. "We eat here on a semi-regular basis and over the years have NEVER been disappointed.  Love the cheesteak sandwiches and the grilled tuna  or to grab a quick take out dinner during the week.  The cheeseburgers compete with any other place in town.  Philly cheese steak is excellent as well.  Staff is friendly and enthusiastic.  Prices are very reasonable.  Only drawback is that we wish it was open on Sundays.  A rarity in Charlotte: a great  but the ""little secret gem of Charlotte"" feel the place has to it."  but why do I have to order twice?  Maybe this is so they can start working on your order and have it ready when you go to pay.  I was lucky to grab a table as I witnessed several parties hovering nearby looking for a place to sit.  If you have more than two people in your party I recommend that after make your first order you send someone to snag  a table while the other goes to pay.  I ordered a cheese steak sandwich and fries.  It took a while to get my food.  You would think they would have started working on it when I first placed my order The food is pretty good - they have a great burger - however my girlfriend found a twist tie in her food so she'll never go back. Great sandwiches too!" The chicken salad is made with turkey.  If they lie about that what else are they lying about.  The food is good and fairly priced.  I also like the salad that they have.  If i am in the area and hungry I would probably visit this place again. My husband and I have been going to Rusty's once a week since we moved to Charlotte last year. The Chili is great... It tastes homemade and a must try!!  I would highly recommend eating at Rusty's!  I would still recommend Rusty's for someone looking for an independently owned deli with a little local flavor."  but wheat bread was ordinary.  Other sandwiches looked decent as well."  had more healthy options and a full bar I would give it 5 stars!" I do not want to eat a cheesesteak with a fork and knife.  I don't like a sandwich with more mayo than meat  fries and some coleslaw. This is not authentic if that is what you are looking for. the cheesesteak was soggy. I got mushrooms which were runny. What was more disappointing was that the chicken was like steakums and it was one layer of chicken on top of a glob of mayo Try the chicken salad sandwich and the cheesecake." Great food....one of the best burgers in Charlotte. Spuds are good and a very generous portion. Will be back!  hole in the wall that serves the same dependable food day in and day out. Thanks  we go all the time. Great burgers and the reuben my wife gets always looks tasty. Tons of (great) fries I love Rusty's and always recommend it to my family and friends if we're looking for a simple place to have a lunch or small dinner.  My dad discovered it several years ago while my mother and I were shopping for my wedding dress and I'm so glad he did!!"  and Malt vinegar. That's amazing." Just tried their black bean burger. Sooooo good! Had the Charlotte Cheesesteak with mushrooms and a side of fries today !!  The cheesesteak was other worldy and the fries where too many to eat !!  I cant wait to go back !! "We have enjoyed Rustys for years. For a fresh The staff is always courteous and definitely likes to take care of their customers.  There is a pac-man machine in the back but if you are not careful Tasty sandwich. I gave 3 stars only because I drove 45 minutes to try their sandwich. The sandwich while tasty did not impress me to worth the long drive. "Best philly cheese steak I have come across in Charlotte. If you want an easy "This place has been around forever and is a great lunch spot.  Their chicken caesar wrap is delicious....I hardly ever get anything else!  Watch out for the long line at prime time on the weekends WkD7OrSIHLzgOQo9wQHu-A  great lunchtime crowd. The reuben was great and they have Dr. Brown's soda which is always a good sign! Will definitely visit again instead of going to a larger chain for lunch!" I eat here pretty often. The meatball sub hits the spot for me and my friend swears by the black bean burger.  but I really have nothing bad to say.  Its a chill little spot that puts out great food at a reasonable price.  Kind of unheard of on park rd."  then slide around the corner for chips and a drink and pay. Then they'll give you a number to put on your table. Outside seating is plentiful in the redesigned center and they'll find you anywhere. Burgers and cheesesteaks are excellent!"  and baby boomers (golden oldies played) the staff is friendly and helpful. Service is fast and efficient. I simply cannot say enough."  pretty good. I think the Reuben is better at Katz's though."  hands down one of the best sandwhiches I've had. Really great atmosphere during lunch as well." "Great little hole-in-the-wall type place. Sandwiches are wonderful My favorite place to eat. I come here 2-3 times a week. Philly cheese steak and burgers It's nice also to support the locally owned business "My boss treated us to lunch here. Not that making a club sandwich is rocket science My food was really good. Nice ratio of meat to bread. I have to make a special comment about the bacon. It was cooked perfectly. thick cut and cooked to crispy but not burnt. Soup was good as well.  Well seasoned and a thick soup as a creamed soup should be. There are definitely other things on this menu that I would like to try. I will say that the 5-10 customers behind me had one of two sandwiches "My coworker suggested that we try this place for lunch. Super yummy!!! My coworkers had cheese burgers and chicken sandwiches. The fries are great!!! They have a good variety of food options (veggie  you can't beat this place. When a restaurant has been around for as long as Rusty's has "The food is super fresh and taste amazing! The staff is very friendly and though the place looks dated Love the food... But Tried their new curbside delivery.. Epic fail. Called 30 minutes before showing up and still waited 10 minutes at the curb for it to come out. And they forgot the condiments we requested.  don't expect to have your food prepared in less than 30 minutes. How long should it take to make a grilled cheese? I won't be returning. As an engineer "Rustys is legit- one of the favorite local places around here to get a burger and fries. Really popular with all the nearby highschool kids from South Meck and for good reason- it's great food at a fair price. Would definitely recommend it to anyone that asked me for a great burger  I always make a Rusty's stop in the itinerary. I have always got the French Dip and never once have I been disappointed. The chili cheese fries are also very tasty. Small little hole in the wall restaurant  BLT and Black Bean Burger. Don't you dare eat the fries without dipping them in their homemade ranch." "I love these people.  Customer service on point. Food perfect every time. Always a very clean environment. Never a bad day. I eat here 2 to 3 times a week. I take my boys here rather than McDonald's at half the price. My family is important to me. So is what food goes in their bodies. My 15 year old attends south mech high school. He see the difference in customer service and quality of food. I want my children to chose better than lesser "This place is always busy. Usually a lot of families. Food is OK but nothing blew me away. The menu is pretty typical American fare (burgers They are officially on the back end of my list of best delis."  it was a real treat. You stand in line to order but the menu is large and easy to see so it's no problem. There are a lot of tasty selections to try and everything seems to be alacarte. No big deal Not at all what a sandwich should be if you call your place a deli."  I was pleasantly surprised. It was dinner time and close to closing so it was bustling. They had no trouble finding me outside (probably because not many people were there). I ordered a burger without the Mayo and it out hot and juicy with a fresh Best place to eat. Best roast beef in the state. Very fresh tasty Thurman's. I have been eating here for over 15 years. Love it. Fresh crisp fries!!!  I would eat here everyday if I could. Good price sandwich is full of meat and lot of fries.  Also awesome fresh cookies WORST LUNCH EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.  A little crowded but took an hour and came out wrong. Archaic (twice) handwritten order system and no managerial oversight. Owners must suck every dime out of the business.  No empathy whatsoever about the situation.  Will never return.  do your shopping elsewhere." Pretty chill. Lines were short during the evening so that was convenient.  I'll be ordering that pig skin of a potato!"  there is just no good food option in this shopping center. This Mccalister falls short just like many mccalisters. The lighting in here is kind of dark. The food...it lacks flavor. Don't come here if you want a good sandwich  you can't expect gourmet sandwichs here. I think the next time I go back I'll try one of their spuds(fancy baked potato)...But i have not yet been able to justify paying $8 for a baked potato..." Most of us got drinks (fountain or Ice Tea) and the drink sizes are pretty much one size and huge.  I wish we would have had the option of choosing drink sizes  the food is cooked quickly and when I dine in the service is always great."  in case anyone from McAlister's reads this).  Lots of choices ranging from healthy salads to baked potatoes with every protein and dairy product imaginable.  While McAlister's is never my first choice  one side of the sandwich was really loaded with everything then the other side was just bread? But was still a good half sandwich." Used my birthday coupon today. Staff was great and the southwest cobb salad was terrific. You must try the wildberry tea.  their sweet tea is amazing!!!! I alway order it half sweet and unsweet and it's the perfect sweetness for me. My only complaint about all McAlister's is that they have a weird smell to them. It kind of smells like dirty mop water to me. The location always looks clean  but you don't close for another 45 minutes. Then we get back with our food to find that they had forgotten my Cheetos." Great experience A+ location" Thanksgiving feast was amazing. Turkey had great sweet crust on outside and juicy in the middle.... It was pre sliced too! We had left overs that were perfect for sandwiches the next day. Sweet potato casserole had nuts and sweet which is how I like it. Green bean casserole is the best I have ever had... Sorry mom. I plan on going back and getting another turkey soon just to have for sandwiches. Price was a little high but worth it not having to cook !!!" "Came here for a to go order for lunch. I got a ham sandwich and potato salad. Ham was melt in your mouth. Potato salad was ok Quick bite spot for lunch. Great friendly staff who care. Once I realized this was an eat-in place I knew it would become a regular in my lunch break places. You gotta try all the sandwiches and breads. I had lunch here today with some friends from work. They were slammed with people but everything moved very smoothly. I ordered an Italian BMT & had it in about 5 minutes in spite of the 6-7 people that were in front of me. Bought a 6 inch combo Italian bmt sub for lunch. Th efficient crew had almost no patrons although the St. Patrick's parade was starting to wind down & the streets were filled with hungry people. The manager that was there was the same one that was there on my last visit. I made the sandwich a combo with the edition of a bag of chips & a medium drink. Bottom line: 2 for 5 bucks!? Still not worth it!" The folks are professional and after a couple times of going there they remember my order.  They are efficient at getting through the line."  it's definitely not the smiling faces and interaction with the employees that's for sure."  I don't know how to describe it better than that.  It was just really good.  The ice cream was pretty good.  I've had better Perfect little ice cream shop from the prices to the sandwiches. Staff is friendly and orders are made quickly. It's located  on a broadwalk so it perfect for just a spot to relax. Make sure to grab one of the huge brownies for a buck and some change before leaving this place it's well worth it. I absolutely adore this place. The sandwiches are great and have a wonderful home-made taste and feel. The ice cream is as good or better than any of the ice cream chains and the flavor selection is probably the best I've seen in my life (no joke). The service isn't over the top and frankly that feels far more natural and comfortable.   head over to Ninety's and be sure to enjoy that spacious shared patio!" I recently tried this place and I was very impressed with how delicious their sandwiches are. I have tried the chicken salad sandwich and the reuben and they were great. Super cheap prices and fast and friendly service. BTW their smoothies are pretty good too. I will definitely stop by again. "I enjoyed the strawberry cheesecake ice cream today from Ninety's Ice Cream & Sandwiches.  A co-worker was kind enogh to bring me a surprise flavor.  I had other opportunities to taste this flavor but passed them up.  You see Great sandwiches and great staff.  I eat here often and love it.  we skipped on the sandwiches and just ordered ice cream. I got the salted caramel chocolate ice cream in a waffle cone. I really love the flavors and liked the chocolate chunks M8CC5_9vEvt1yOI2pnkvKA Their daily special was the bomb. They don't shy away from adding enough meat! It's hard for me to believe people go to Subway when little shops like this exist. Good location. Great staff. I'll be back.  but I was less than thrilled with the wrap I ordered." "The ice cream and smoothies are delicious. The only reason I rated them so long its because they have really bad customer service. The person who ""helped"" me out had an attitude the whole time. He acted like he was there against his will or something. I would not go back because I didn't feel welcomed at all."  and was really impressed by the taste and hospitality." I gave this place 4 stars because I absolutely love their ice cream but the only thing is I wish the workers were more friendly. At least a smile would be nice but hey the ice cream is delicious so that won't stop me from coming back!  but the serving was more than satisfactory which is more than what I can say about most places. Absolutely no negative impressions. The place inside looks old and could use a makeover to make it more appealing for people to come in." Yummy!!! I love cookies and cream so of course I tried that flavor which was amazing. But since I also love coffee I just had to try the coffee cookies and cream. OMG!!!! The best coffee ice cream mix I've ever had. Surely recommend this place. They didn't receive 5 stars cause their service could be better and there wasn't any tissue in the restroom.  But the ice cream is delish.  and I'm sitting in the Starbucks next door using the free Brueggers wifi rather than the paid Starbucks T-Mobile. Thanks  and cheese on a blueberry bagel.  Very good!  Plenty of Christmas cheer in terms of decor and special gifts available.  If I lived nearby I'd go there again.  :)"  but it'll have to remain at 2 until I get my next bagel (also gratis) before the coupon expires."  I really do not know where you are going to find a better bagel option than Bruegger's.  If you are an implanted northerner as many of us are Whenever I'm craving a carb-filled breakfast on the run I grab a bagel and my day starts off well!  $2.50 for a cream cheese bagel zOY-W35waCcBWDmjX7_MFQ Best bagel breakfast I ever had  but the breakfast I had was disgusting. The manager was super funny and really sweet. I just had to sit down and eat the whole thing. The egg kind of tasted like rubber "So tasty! They recommended a bagel for me that is beyond wonderful. Fantastic customer customer service  and make snarky comments about customers that visit regularly. . Before they even walk into the store. And they say this as your standing in front of them. Like I said great food  I would definitely go here again." Great sandwiches. Lot of options in bagels. But I like the bread better. It is a small place to have grab a quicky. "Was in university area and wanted fast breakfast that wasn't super greasy. I got the skinny zesty egg white on a whole wheat everything bagel. The bagel was good A few things to keep in mind: the line is often longggg and they don't keep up with a crowd well.  They have been out of varieties (including plain) on both of my visits.  Don't have your heart set on a variety because they may be out.  Employees are not super attentive--- I overheard a customer ask ""how many do I have left"" when ordering a dozen and the employee responded ""I don't know.""  Lol--- I guess he was just throwing them all in the bag." "My husband and I walked out of there completely dumbfounded.  First we were greeted with a very loud and abrupt ""r u ready to order?!""  Then I ordered the Leonardo de veggie and the woman looked at me like I was crazy and whipped her head around to find it on the menu.  After she read the ingredients she said rudely ""we don't have a any red onion!""  At that point I just ordered a bagel with cream cheese as I felt she didn't want to make what I wanted.  The best part of the whole experience was when my husband went to hand the cashier his debit card she pushed his hand away and exclaimed ""you paid six dollars for a drink!? Keep your money!  (Noticing his Jamba Juice smoothie in his other hand). So we left there with two free sandwiches but it didn't make up for the really obnoxious service." Definitely recommend ordering any of the bagels that have a hot sign because they are the most delicious Great breakfast bagel but the service was what made it a 5 star experience! Thanks to Tanarus Henry for being so kind and helpful! Grabbed an early breakfast with my dad here. The guys behind the counter were so friendly and helpful ! The bagels were delicious and the service was fast plus French Toast coffee! I love it here. The service was friendly and the place clean despite all the college kids.  Since the place is in a strip mall it would seem small when you see it from the street  sub-stantial?! Hardy har har. The booths and tables are super clean as were the restrooms. All in all "This is your typical Jersey Mikes sub shop.  I am a big fan of Jersey Mikes in general since their subs remind me of the subs I got growing up in NY.  My favorite way to get my sub done up is ""Mikes Way"" with no onion - Lettuce Good subs and cheesesteaks. Slammed at lunch. Clean. Plentiful parking.  but I will continue to go there because it is close to where I live. If it wasnt convienient I would be finding another location to buy my favorite sub from." "This location always slacks on meats and cheeses.. This has happened the last 4 out of 5 times I visited this location. The deli items are sliced extremely thin I can first start this off with Subway gives you more for you money but the subs here are sooo good! The peper relish is awesome. Sometimes there are way too many people in line but you know you can't say that's bad. I guess the long line reflects how good the food is! Make it less pricey and I would come here more often. This close to the Interstates so it's easy access and a quick bite to eat." Jersey Mikes has great subs so the food is fine. But this one could use a good cleaning. We went on a Sunday at 1:00. It wasn't crowded but it wasn't very clean. Staff was friendly & made our food quickly and just as we ordered it. Kids eat free on Sundays with purchase of a regular sub too. tuR6sBN9IwyLEg6KiuEXTQ  Club Supreme or a Philly and you won't be disappointed. Kids eat free at this location on Sundays and be sure to sign up for their loyalty card. If you get to know the guys "If you love cheesiness you have to get the chipotle cheesesteak. It's honestly one of the best subs I've ever had. I've been a couple of times where the bread wasn't the freshest The entrees are good-sized and there is plenty of seating so customers aren't all on top of one another.  Your party can have a little privacy and enjoy their lunches in peace with the help of half-wall room dividers." The thing I HATE about this location in the university area is the parking lot.  It is impossible to get in and out easily and the spaces are all for compact cars  their tea is pretty good as well. Servers are attentive when they have time (i.e. non-lunch hour rush) and allways ask if you need anything." Probably the driest and most tasteless chicken salad I've had in a long time. Our other sandwiches were just as disappointing. Just another chain food restaurant. I long for a real deli in Charlotte! Spud Max - great! I would definitely get this again.  The Spud Max includes: bacon  its my opinion that spending over $10 for a lunch can be better spent elsewhere- i.e. another sit-down restaurant with tip included. Unfortunately  I'd eat here again. The menu was diverse and I could probably eat there once a week for 6 months and have something different each time..." I would definitely visit again."  nothing special. I was disappointed in the service since the girl at the counter had no idea the ingredients of any of the soups (which was listed on the menu I later found out). Tables were all dirty and the drink station was sticky and not very sanitary." Me & some friends came here for lunch but an hour pass by & we never received our food... we end up leaving because our lunch time was over... never coming back to this restaurant  management was VERY friendly and generous. I asked for a pickle and he brought me a whole plateful and didn't charge me for them! And their pickles are delicious!! We've gone here a few times Great service. The staff are sweet and helpful. The food is fresh and diverse so you can bring your picky friends if you like.  but the food and service isn't here at this location. Service is slow and staff unresponsive at times. If I'm going to wait a long time my food should be hot and tasty." I like this place. It's like the happy median between a fast food joint and a traditional sit down restaurant. The menu is great because a lot of the ingredients are more on the healthy side but the overall meal still taste very good without you feeling like you're eating like a vegan. I had their Cajun Caesar Salad which was very good.  this was my first McAlister visit I went here for the second time last night and it was great! I went a few minutes before closing and they still had everything I wanted on the menu and it was still fresh! The employees were knowledgable about the menu and had great attitudes! I'll probably be going back tonight! This place is amazing. Like most McAlister's good food and atmosphere not to mention friendly staff. Take out or dine in this place is perfect for lunch or dinner. The Ultimate Nachos are my new favorite. The cashier was very friendly & offered me suggests one being the salad I ordered. The manager named Angel was in the front greeting customers as she was helping her staff & answering calls. It's always great seeing a productive and helpful manager. The ladies in the lobby were very friendly while cleaning the tables  that side of the sandwich was the better half because there was hardly any meat with a pitiful slice of bacon in the sandwich. I wasn't very happy when I opened my to go order but on the other hand it tasted good. The broccoli cheddar soup was delicious and the chocolate chip cookie was yummy!  I will definitely go back to give it another try  I'm not going to give up because I really do like McAlister's!!" The customer service here is excellent. Every time I go they are exceptionally friendly. Everything on the menu is good and yes better then Panera!  the broccoli cheddar soup was hot and creamy and last but not least the chocolate chip cookie was the cherry on top to the whole meal!  The whole staff is always very acommodating and has great customer service skills which is always a plus!  I will definitely be back thank you so much McAllister's for my satisfying experience today!" "Great service and friendly atmosphere! Had to wait a little bit for my sister's order after they brought out mine  while waiting people all around that ordered after us were served. Manager would not take time to help when I went back up to counter to check on food. Food was fine when it finally came. This is the second time this has happened in less than a month. Our company will be going to Jason's Deli just up the street from now on."  I've not been disappointed with my Southwest Cobb salad to date."  but there is never much of a wait.  The staff is friendly enough and work quickly to get everyone's order out.  The food is good They should consider asking for names so that they don't have to go around asking who ordered what. "Rip off. The manager of the place overcharges customers hoping they wont notice. I added a drink and chips on and they tried to tack on 4 dollars thinking I wouldn't notice. Not happening again Subway sandwitches is like my family.  but this one was crazy. These chicks working there were so sad I thought they were gonna shed a tear right into my sandwich. I mean they barely talked and looked up. The manager must beat these poor souls in the back before letting them serve the public. I was getting depressed just watching my sandwich get made. No ""thank you"" or ""have a good day"". Just tears and a skimpy sandwich." How could any subway NOT be 5 stars? I mean you make your own sandwich.... I guess the staff could be rude but I doubt it here. Va65srVwxyWNuX2dwF4jEg They also have sandwiches for lunch and a case full of chocolates that rotate seasonally. Its a charming little spot with friendly staff and a relaxed atmosphere."  there have been times when I have waited for food for longer than I would have liked or felt necessary.  Since it is difficult to surmise when those times might be  we call ahead from work and one of us will whip up to the window to grab our goodies quickly. I've also been to quite a few parties that they've catered-- including my own baby shower My lunch was the goat cheese salad - what I failed to realize was that the goat cheese was fried.  EVEN BETTER!  It was a delicious salad and something I would definitely look forward to ordering again next time I am in Fort Mill."  decorating the house and creating a gourmet meal. Liz's 40th birthday was approaching and I wanted her to enjoy her friends. I knew I'd have to find a caterer who could live up to her standards...or it would be a long year. Jane and team at Jumpin' Java Bistro 160 surpassed our expectations. The food was a hit including homemade epinadas and pork sliders. They took care of everything! The decorations were a complete surprise and we couldn't stop taking pictures of the spread. Trays of champagne for a birthday toast were the icing on the cake. When Liz and I treat ourselves to breakfast and Jane's homemade strawberry jam The staff was great - our drinks stayed refilled and everyone had a smile. Great little find hidden away in a tiny little strip mall." "This place is awesome!  We had a business meeting in Fort Mill and needed both morning and lunch options.  A friend recommended Jumpin Java so I gave them a call.  Melinda Overpriced and my muffin was stale.  Not worth the $7 I spent on the muffin and coffee.  Will not go again.  Believe it is overpriced due to the area... "I spent time waiting through several traffic lights due to heavy Christmas traffic going to this place to pick up a cake for my wife. I finally get there and there are 5 customers (all ladies) with two ladies behind what looks like a counter. I go up to it and both ladies walk away!  I look around and notice another counter on the opposite side of the store. I go over there and one of the store ladies asks to (finally) help me. I tell her why I'm there. She disappears and another store lady returns with the cake. She tells me what I owe and I pay her. There was no friendly greeting  and the occassional business meeting.  Gotta love the neighborhood anti-Starbucks."  you would like poor customer service and ownership that does not support family values." Jersey Mikes subs are always great! They are a little pricey but  family run and very friendly.  They always remember us when we come in.  Can't go wrong eating here!" Super fast and friendly. I love this location! We got 2 hot subs during lunch hour and they were ready in a few minutes.  especially compared to all the sub restaurants out there. But because I have had decent experiences in the past  it was moderately busy. After the rush left and there was but 3 people in the sub shop the employees made their own food and got themselves drinks and hung out in the back while leaving the tables dirty as well as the soda fountain area. I will say that I will never go back to this cousins "This is one of the best subway restaurants there is in Madison. The ingredients are always very fresh and the staff is friendly. They moved recently next door and now the restaurant has a brand new equipment and outside seating. If I ever crave fast food take out  they really hired the wrong people I'm afraid. Either learn how to manage yourself in a busy period and keep working  but I find the insistence on getting certain ingredients by the server sometimes annoying and guilt tripping depending on the ingredients."  and bring an umbrella because they will piss on your parade."  I found it to be quite exemplary. The decor was the now-standard Subway interior which consisted of well lit images of fresh produce and Jared. I had no qualms regarding the service either. The bistro was clean and even had a conservatory greenhouse area that looked out upon the quiet main street  they ask you how everything was. Their customer service has definately improved. The small touches make a big difference. Amazing what new management & staff can do."  but it's pretty good at what it is.  Don't expect a big beer selection but if you are willing to settle for Spotted Cow and pub food give them a shot.  They have good wings and pretty decent specials on game days too."  and I loved the open kitchen with its 70s-era wall covering (total cross between industrial kitchen and grandma's place from your childhood)."  they were fine but not stellar). My husband got the seafood platter and was amazed at the sheer amount of breading on everything. It states in the menu that it comes deep-fried  the accordion player was celebrating his birthday also. Older crowd but very fun. Waitstaff was friendly and this was more of a large family gathering than a bar. You can never be sad listening to a polka!" I was reading (on the placemat) that McGoverns was established in 1935. That is a long time to be up and running and makes me root for them to succeed!"  McG's is a local watering hole. Nothing special about it except the bartender who was awesome. I asked for a dirty martini. Bartender says ""how dirty"" I said filthy and it was. Cheap prices and cold beer make for a great time with friends and if you get a little too woozy you can stumble from the watering hole at the bar to one of the dumpy holes next door instead of driving. I wouldn't recommend that though. Staying at the dumpy holes that is." Good prices. They have a tiny kitchen so some times the food is slow. 2nd best wings in Sun Prairie. Good for kids. "McGovern's is a old school supper club and bar. They have nice wait staff and bartender's and there outdoor deck is a relaxing on a pleasant day An old supper club feel..... I doubt the place has been updated in the past 3 decades. But the food and service was good. Definitely will go again! The food used to be damn good DISGUSTING !! I had lunch there yesterday. Half way through there was a hair in my sub. It looked like a pubic hair. I took up to the manager and he offered to make me a new one. Since he was the one who made it in the first place I respectfully declined. How about you guys where hair nets or beard nets. I will not go back to this place again. "Great cousins!  The subs are always good and they have a grill!  If you want Cousins  and chicken wings for appetizers. All of them came out hot and super crispy and just darn good greasy delicious. I ordered the reubin sandwich  and the food is decent. Want a burger and a beer? You can do much worse than Wilsons. New to Madison and want to catch your favorite team's games? NFL Sunday ticket Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review  although you're basically only going to get something deep fried or grilled up.  Stick with the burger or grab the fish fry... the wings suck  the city's greatest Friday night fish fry. Just don't tell anyone. A lot of people have caught on and Randy raised the prices lately! Albeit only slightly. If Mack is working behind the bar order a ""Mackdriver"" and say goodnight. Yes Super nice people and great food!  If you like huge burritos they have one for you!  Comfort food specials during the week.  Hard not to like Wilsons."  you can get a good bloody mary or just a screw drive with your breakfast.   Tons of great TVs."  big breakfast at a fair price that will definitely help you get over the wreckage from the previous evening.   If Mack is working behind the bar order a ""Mackdriver"".  There truly are TVs everywhere including the restrooms and outdoor smoking area.  This is a great place to watch Packer Badger  Brewer games...but get there early because it fills up and it's sometimes difficult to get a ""ringside"" seat." "Poor food handling practices!!! I was really excited to try this place as the reviews were excellent. Major disappointment! We arrived just before noon and the place was really busy. They were still serving breakfast but we were interested in lunch. We asked our server to see what the lunch menu to see all our options and she seemed annoyed. We ordered a couple of beers and they were prompt but not really cold. While we waited about 30 minutes in order to be able to order lunch  and more.  Food is good - I've had a few ""ok"" meals (that's the only reason I'm giving this place a 4)." "I went to their Friday fish fry with family.  The fish was wonderful and reasonably priced.  The service however was very slow.  It took over an hour from the time we arrived to get our food.  The fish was the best part with fresh cod deep fried.  The fries and roll were nothing special This is not a fine dining experience.  It is simply the best sports bar in Madison without driving to one of the malls." Bloodies and drinks are good and the prices are right. If your looking for a fancy spot this is not it. If your trying to test out a relationship to see if your potential new girlfriend can hang out at local neighborhood bars They have a good selection of beer on tap and in bottles. The bar tenders are always helpful and the prices are extremely reasonable." Horrible service the guy who took our order was an older bigger guy don't know his name but he was extremely rude and the food wasn't really that good. And the guy sets a dirty plate in front of us and leaves it there Avoid this place if possible there are plenty other bars to choose from. I will never be back Fingers crossed the fresh air sticks around as it makes for a much better experience!" Pro tip: if you're going to watch a highly anticipated Wisconsin sporting event Great neighborhood sports bar with lots of TVs tuned to every possible sporting event. Good selection of draft and bottled beers. The Friday Fish Fry and Saturday Prime Rib are really excellent and at a good price. Pool tables too.  peppered with semi-pro poker players and and a hanoi-jane pissing target in the urinal.  Swing by the Stop-N-Go on the way out and grab a Sparks.  Quite real."  but if you're a single lady in here don't expect good service from them.  I walked out one night after not being acknowledged (she looked at me when I walked in and immediately sat down) or served within 15 minutes of arriving "The burgers are amazing and ridiculously reasonable! The staff is friendly and attentive. The place is super clean! They do everything right at Players! Good drinks Great bar for Packer games. Free shots for touchdowns. Pot Luck on Packer sunday. Bring a dish to pass. The atmosphere was great. Super sports bar. Service was excellent! As long as your not focused on the food. No credit cards either.  airy bun and a perfectly greasy burger with your choice of cheese and grilled or raw onions. I work nearby and it takes every chubby bone in my body to stop me from going there every day. Food is ready fast Do NOT go here if you are looking for a nice 4 1/2 star place. Not very clean and very loud! So go to this locals joint blue collar bar - have a beer I love this place! I'm new to the area and being an eagles fan I have to go out for most of the games! I'm so glad I discovered this place! Everyone is super friendly and the drinks and food are great! Perfect little sports bar! This will be my little sports home for the time that I am here. Only con (not a problem for me) is it's cash only  but I'm thrilled I did. Honestly used to go here every weekend when I lived in the area. Perry makes one of the best burgers in town. I think they said they get their meat fresh from the willy st co-op every day. So delicious. Then I'd stay and fill up on relatively cheap drinks and catch the Brewers or Bucks game. They have a ton of tv's along with pool "Mary was bartending on a Sat night when three of us stopped in after a show at The Barrymore.  I lost my wallet that night and went back to Player's the next day.  Mary had found my wallet and had it safely stashed with a note for other employees.  Cards "I really dig this place. They are really fun with lots of parlor games and posters from the nineties of girls in Bud Light gear. It's definitely more of a townie bar  is the bomb!!!!! Definitely the best burgers ever!!!  Love love love this crew!!! It's a must do if you are in Madison!!!" large and flavor full burger! Just try and not get it all over yourself. We had a player ho burger and a bacon cheeseburger with cheese curds and l can't say I have had a better burger. The bartender and cook were friendly and in control. I will definitely be back for more."  including the chicken. Stiff drinks served in mason jars.  Look past the odd name and swing by." So if you are looking for a place that's crowded I know that this restuarant thrives on portion control so it can keep prices down Good food but odd that they lost my lunch order. Thanks to those manning the counter who realized I was waiting and filled the order on the spot.  awful awful place even though i have very good experience with other panera bread"  always clean. You really can't go wrong with soup in a bread bowl."  and poor customer service is worth the bagel."  served quickly and efficiently.  One day I wish you would just screw the pooch and deliver something awful so I can live out my dream of openly hating you.  But not today.  You delivered another tasty lunch." "Ordered the pick 2 and tried the new turkey cranberry flatbread and the tortellini Alfredo. The pasta is delicious.. Not a huge fan of the flatbread I appreciated that there was a good number of baked goods. Not to mention  I had a hard time swallowing and then I bolted to the bathroom where I proceeded to empty the contents of my stomach (I'll leave it at that). The rest of the afternoon was spent in bed  there was no dark roast.  :-(  But good food. Quick friendly service." Their food is always very good! I love their season salads with the strawberries in them. Wish they were always available. Broccoli cheese soup is my favorite.  Con: This place is always insanely busy.  but the service is really slow and they aren't super friendly. I called in to place an order but the phone rang and rang snd rang. I tried a few minutes later and the same thing happened. And again. And again. When I got there  they just can't get their act together. This location needs new management and new employees. Steer clear."  wish this wasn't the one close to me."  food just OK and WiFi horrible. but maybe that's the way they want it. would NOT return to this one. too bad no corner bakery nearby"  you've got to be there before 3pm. The quality of food is about what you would expect from a McDonaldized bakery. Most people don't know that they don't literally bake there; things come either half-baked and/or frozen and are finished in the store. Not terrible Update: finally got the smoothie 15 minutes after we finished eating." "Never had issues with Panera restaurants until I visited the one located by the mall. My order was about 15 mins apart. The kitchen seemed like they didn't care to speed up the line knowing it was getting busy. But there was a nice girl that was at the register who apologized and tried getting the rest of my order  I stopped for breakfast because I had an early morning appointment and needed breakfast. Was hoping to get something a little healthier than just starchy bread  ordering has slowed to much too long of a wait.  Might have to take Panera out of the lunch rotation."  I was prompted with an error message that just said ""ingredients in your order are unavailable. Please edit your order."" It didn't indicate which items were unavailable. So I got back in. Waited for maybe 15 minutes because they had only one register open during a busy time. When I finally got up to the register and ordered The food is good. Service is decent. The staff is super nice. Their wifi is slow. You can only be on their slow wifi for 30 minutes. Wait times for food have just gotten terrible. Once my go to lunch spot stinks for service.  Someone in management needs to get a clue! Service is super fast and the place is clean. I'll take a Cousins over Subway any day. The soups are tasty and I like the bread for their sandwiches. I used to go here all the time.  Great subs.  I wish they were a little close to me and I'd eat there several times a week.  Never go wrong with Cousins! Great customer service on the phone and in person. Consistently tasty subs. Love this Cousins in Monona!  but you get what you pay for.  This place puts Subway to shame." "I'm biased b/c i worked here for two years while on campus. But this subway is much cleaner than the one on John St.  However  the service here is better than what I'm used to at Subways where they just grunt at you about which condiments you would like." There's other subway's in town so probably go to those "Great place for subs while running between classes! Although But it is one of the healthiest places to eat and I've always liked Subway I ask for extra olives they put 5 total olives on my sub... And I asked how much do chips cost and they just added it without telling me.... Bogus "On several occasions I've gone in a few hours before closing and they were out of multiple items. Aside from that "The students here are filled to the brim with boredom. I wanted to get myself some sweet tea but they had none. When I brought this up to them  this was my destination of choice.  now i thoroughly enjoy the greek wrap minus the chicken and still feel i have consumed enough oil to be guilty.  the fries are awesome too.  good university crowd to go along with all the university memorabelia on the walls.  nice staff primarily made up of college kids from the suburbs who always seem to smile and do their jobs well.  the fish sandwich still exists on fridays but i just haven't been able to bring myself to consume one..."  so highly recommend you hit it up before 7pm if you are looking to actually eat real food in a restaurant atmosphere." "" but I've never had it.  I wouldn't be surprised if it were worth trying."  but there are lines anywhere at that time of night. Thinking about Legends brings back so many college memories...tear. It's always wheel chair accessible which is great. There's few places on campus that are. Yay Legends."  The Deluxe.  This place existed before campus got swanked up over the last number of years.  It is a big yawning space  but no one actually dances sans a helluva lot of alcohol.  It's also a great place to go on game days as they have a nice  and still a good place to stop by at night. I hope they still have Magic Hat on tap." Yet another sports bar that's on campus.  Don't get the  mushroom soup here even though it sounds awesome!  so this saves us. But they lose a star for having recently eliminated the internet jukebox and added a DJ. How else can we play ""In the Air Tonight"" to kill the mood at 1am? We actually paid the dude a fiver and left him an iPod to get something played that wasn't part of the standard littany of horrible bar songs." "Solid sports bar I think. Great place to meet up with your friends after a long day of class/lab work and gripe about grad school. Cheap beer specials (there's usually a pint for $2 and one or more liquor drinks for $4/double) and fairly inexpensive food that is tastyish.. or at least cooked to order! I had one bad experience with a pink-centered ""southern chicken sandwich"" (not southern.. just fried) but when I showed it to the guy  and the music is usually at a good level.  Thursday thru Saturday they have a DJ so you can make requests and such.  I just wish their kitchen was open later." That being said...and for all the time I spent here...I still didn't know they served food!"  but it's the best place to come and chill with some friends.  Or roll in with a ton of people Don't miss out on their Long Islands ($5 on Mondays)... they're seemingly innocent which makes them all the more lethal."  I'll definitely hit this up in the evening to see how it is then."  how I love thee.  I haven't found a taco salad in the city that compares.  It's HUGE and actually has a lot of lettuce!  Cheap too  but we were immediately hungry after we ate our burgers. Also I don't think the burgers come with fries. We were a bit disappointed to see bags of chips. I do like the way you can put your own stuff on the burgers and all  for fries have to pay 2 dollars extra.  The real annoying part of this place is the food is ordered at the bar than picked up by you when the number is called.  There is no hostess or waitstaff all self serve and first come first serve on tables.  You could be waiting hours for a table at this place recommend you get there at 6:00pm before the late night rush!!!" If only they would stop repainting the exterior wackier and wackier every 2 years..." 05FJCAvUFOAk8B_nIOqt7A  order a Sex on the Beach. They have their own special way of making it....realllly good and I've never seen it done anywhere else!" Legends is also not a place to go if you want to skip big crowds on weekends.  It's usually packed on game days (whatever the game) We try and go there for the best fish sandwich in town ! Be sure and order the beer batter onion rings also. A quaint Illini sports bar with a nice atmosphere and  easy access. A pay parking lot is right next door.  at least you know you are getting what you're paying for. Thats better than paying a dollar for a 'jagerbomb' which is more like a quarter shot of jager and a splash of red bull. Oh and their fish sandwich is GREAT. Btw  and the outdoor area was nice. I haven't had their food so I can't speak for that  someone acknowledges that I don't want to touch a probably dirty door handle after washing my hands!"  and usually not too loud.  They also have a few projectors they use to show Illini games  ok bar food (though I am a bit of a beer/food snob).  I don't mind going when a group wants to go  but no one goes here primarily for the food.  Come here Thursday's for ""Logo Night.""  The beer is cheaper and at the end it all you get to stagger home with a bar glass.  The ambience is sports bar  they have a fair number of screens.  Beer isn't great and it's relatively expensive for what it is.  They also have a terrible patio in the back.  On top of that the food isn't really very good.  So it fails at being a bar and sports bar.  By the weekend evening and sometimes on weekdays it turns into the same thing that virtually every campustown bar is: shoulder to shoulder crowds of underage students trying to get hookups."  much more attractive than over at Murphy's?" The icing on the proverbial cake was the *BROKEN GLASS* I found in my cocktail.  The server was disinterested in my future digestive issues resulting from the shards of glass and lurked over the table as we signed the check."  you'll have no problem passing up Legends for somewhere else. Do so."  there was no cover on a Friday night for those of us over 21.  Another star for that.  Legends is a pretty laid back bar where you can get together with friends and have a couple drinks.  Not really the type of place to dance They only pour beer! I hate this place because I paid for a drink with accredit card and the bartender told me to not do it again. I want to punch that guy so bad. I am so glad me and my friends don't go here often. I strongly suggest pickingmurphys over this abomination of terrible service. And the student newspaper voted them for best service! I don't know what that writer must have been smoking but it must have been extra strong. Never go here." College bar with okay prices for a beer!  current employees will ask to take their picture with you or stare at you from across the bar."  but they only let you take 2 cups home (lose a star for that). Strawberry is the best 'Flavorita'."  do not come here. I cannot comprehend how their burgers were ever voted best in Champaign."  but if you are looking for a night which you might call ""Legendary""  mediocre bar food which is overpriced. This seems like another place that hustles the students with little value for the money."  but Legends is definitely one of the best places to watch a game. The burger will satisfy you if you have a craving while enjoying a night with friends." But you really go to Legends for the atmosphere. It's an upperclassman bar where you can go to actually hang out and talk with friends. They have good music playing in the background but it's never all that loud and it's stuff you want to listen to anyway. They've got some slot machines and pool tables now which also make for a good time and there's a dressed model of the Chief up front which is a welcome sight for any Illini." GO EARLY. If you try to go on a ride the rail night and you get there late the line is insane and it takes forever to get a drink. The worst is when its all beer specials and you have to wait for someone to get their Margaritta or fruity mixed drinks. Come on its beer specials thats why everyone is here  they've got a pretty good selection of whiskeys for a Campustown bar (I got Bulliet out of a very dusty looking bottle). On the other hand "Good burgers & buffalo chicken sandwich.. Had to order when you walked in and get your own food  they packed 'em in and turned over some crowd so it'll be around for eternity."  this is still my favorite place to watch any games any night. My personal choice of burger is The Works Burger. It's not great  how many grilled chicken sandwiches have I enjoyed here? Well I can't remember but I'm sure there were plenty."  I am reminded of their ranch chicken sandwich they used to serve here only on Mondays. Along with $5 long islands in various flavors. Could lunch get any more divine?! This may not be the fanciest bar Had a fish sandwich on Friday and it was quite good. Casual atmosphere and we went early to avoid the late night bar crowd. Not too loud and they had a full bar for drinks so we really enjoyed it!  the manager messaged me and fixed my name on the Ride the Rail board!"  likely the best place to sit down at a more traditional style sports-themed bar  but the bartender can't make it. He made a substitute drink but it was just awful. The burgers are actually pretty darn good considering that all the toppings are in a separate table where you can choose which ones you want to add in." one of the nicest beer gardens were smokers so there was a roof and good seating while it was raining out.place was clean drinks were cold Definitely a place to check out if you are in need of an ice cold draft and burger." One of the 2 best bars on campus (the other being Murphy's). This place is always low key and not one of the crazy loud bars all the underclassmen go to. You can almost always find a place to sit since it's big and doesn't get very crowded.  best burger of the campustown bars. This will be the bar I always go back to."  but the atmosphere was more comfortable and the options higher end. I could see Legends being one of the better bars in Champaign to sit back with a drink and watch a game or hang with friends without worrying about a drunk frat boy spilling on you. Nice." The burgers and fries here are actually very good. Less of a heart attack than Joe's and quite a bit more substantial than Murphy's. I really like the Bleu moon burger. And the loaded fries are always a good idea.  pickles) and sauces as you want to your burger.  Way to go Legends"  you order your food at the cash register (which was located at the bar) and then they call your number and you get your food.  The food was pretty decent.  I had a ham and swiss sandwich with Guinness mustard on a pretzel bun.  I wish I would have ordered two of them it was so good.  Based on the decor Worst service I have ever received at a Subway.  and the staff was bitching about the fact that he had to sweep the floor! I'll never be back I would like to add that the girls working the counter did a great job getting everyone through the line quickly. Sometimes when you go to Subways the people working the counter think your there just to stand and look at the ingredients under the glass." This Subway is the closest to my work so I go here when I want a quick sandwich.  The last few times I have gone there have been big over sized work trucks parked in the parking lot.  The lot at this location is way too small and it's hard to maneuver around the vehicles.  I parked in the very last spot so no one would block me in and sure enough one of those over sized work trucks parked next to me in a no parking area.  I had to wait until he was done with his sandwich before I could leave.  I will avoid this Subway until they get this problem resolved. "I stooped in on my way home on a Mon. night at 7 PM to pick up a sandwich. The place was empty. I ordered a tuna sub. The nice guy behind the counter told me they were out of tuna salad. And mayonnaise. And onions. He said the manager hadn't ordered a supply truck for the week. They will be out of those items until next week. What kind of a manager is that? I ordered a ""specialty "Clean and Eugenia was very nice. They were out of grilled chicken but there plenty of sandwiches to choose from. No complaints from me. ""No work trucks in parking lot""" The prices are very reasonable.  I will be back next time I'm in the neighborhood!" Only eat here if you are stuck in this building and pressed for time." "Found this place on YELP.  I was at a conference at the Dept. of Ed. and saw it was across the street.  Wonderful atmosphere "Very nice place.  Good atmosphere.  We were stuck at ADEd across the street for a conference and lunch was ""on you own"".  Saw this on YELP and gave it a try.  Nice place  but the food is good (and it can be good for you if you get the right stuff)  due to its location and their speed of service.  All this without the stomachache and/or guilt of takeout from Sonic (mmm tots) "Prec. They will customize almost any item for it to fit your lunch needs. Outside seating is available and with the fantabulous sunshine in Phoenix  like no other. I was drinking with a couple of newly met friends next door at Rose and Crown and they wanted to go here to check it out Just based on what we observed with the service & the overall attitude NOT MY CUP OF TEA!!!!!"  maybe WalMart strawberry.  The worst was the dessert. COSTCO SPECIAL! Little dainties of mini eclairs and mini cheesecake squares still frozen with some Rheddi Whip Cream on the side. My six year old loved as she has a dairy intolerance and took an enzyme and she got to splurge. All of this with the griping trainer and the poor helpless trainee for 19 bucks a person. What else could you ask for? A REFUND - which the owner graciously gave us. The place has potential - but needs to work out the kinks  which is always a bonus to me.  We want to come back for an actual tea service - we didn't have time the day we went in but would love to plan a girls day out.  Apparently they also have Jazz in the evenings."  and brocade wallpaper - and did i mention fantastic scones with Devonshire cream?  I'm not even a girly girl (look for me slurping Irish breakfast tea in a Dramarama t-shirt) I would return on a day when I'm in the Heritage and Science Park  succumbed to a battle with cancer late last year.  We will miss her dearly.  Looks like someone is refurbishing Business is closed. Signs at front indicate its for sale & phone is disconnected Gets the bump to four stars for having some cool photographs of Phoenix architecture through the centuries."  great atmosphere and great location if you work in the downtown area." Downtown Deli is in a good location situated downtown (how clever is that?!)  The staff is friendly and the place is bustling with business at the lunch hour.  They are quick Warning: This is not the place for people who are looking for a light meal or can't stomach a Motha of a sandwich. You will get dirty looks from waiting patrons and you'll throw the line cook off his game if you ask for a healthy alternative to the specialty sandwiches. Stick to the menu and you'll be just fine except for needing to take your belt out a notch; no harm in that." And the best part is that the service is so fast you can get in and out for lunch quickly." "I was walking by here today and some saw friends eating out front. They welcomed me over to share lunch with them. I'd been planning on another place but as soon as I saw the pastrami I was hooked. I got in a short line (although about 20 people got in line right after me) and checked the menu. The way they were throwing the sandwiches together reminded me of Primanti's in Pittsburgh. They had a no nonsense-we know what we're doing-kinda attitude. There was no frufru on the menu  I could afford to eat meals like this because without a car I walked an average of 3-5 miles per day.  There is simply no excuse for this type of excess in a driving city like Phoenix.  You'll spend 2 hours at the gym to burn off lunch here.  My prediction is that 50 years from now I just love The Downtown Deli. It makes be feel very metropolitan and sophisticated. Because Like a Deli straight out of New York. Make sure you go Hungry because the portions are very big!" This is definitely one of my favorite lunch time restaurants."  what a rip off!  The food wasnt even that good. Im not even excited to eat the leftovers when I get home.  this place isn't what I remember it to be  but I can't imagine anyone being unhappy with their meal here."  they aren't high quality ingredients so you can't expect too much.  Some of my classmates ordered some of their fresh sandwiches and those actually looked a lot tastier.  I did enjoy their fries  it's one of my favorite places to eat in Downtown Phoenix." Now I have ""half"" a sandwich (technically a whole) left for later...." One tip: You'll want to bank on taking an extended lunch because digesting a Downtown Deli sandwiches is a real chore. Of course I mean that in the very best way."  but I did not like it.  It seemed too salty and smokey.  I loved the pickle and french fries.  The pickle was nice and crisp and the fries were bad-for-you goodness.  I called ahead for my order so I did not waste my lunch hour in line.  Next time  but you don't ruin an omelette by nuking it after you cook it in the grill. That's just weird." Food was meh. Bread was cold and stale. Pastrami was nothing special. Don't bother."  local bite when you're in this area of Phoenix."  but highly recommended if you want a real deli style sandwich. This place has been around for a long time  we ate here a couple of times. I'm sorry Alex P. felt that he was getting attitude. One of my coworkers asked if he could have the daily special from the previous day because he had liked it so much. They told him it wouldn't be a problem and fixed it right up for him. The food was good and reasonably priced. I was there in April and enjoyed getting to sit outside on their patio and enjoy the awesome weather."  but they filled my cup with ice from ice maker in back and quickly filled machine with more ice."  as I couldn't fathom ordering a half pound of ham with my order (actual delicatessens are rare out here). They do make a good meal and pretty quickly as well!" I drive all the way from N Scottsdale to downtown Phoenix for their fresh deli sandwiches.  I always get the poor boy with everyhting...they always put the right amount of dressing and veggies and of course fresh meats - it's huge ! so come here with a big appetite - one of the truly REAL New York style subs...going to get one right now ;)"  only problem I had was deciding what yo eat.  You walk in and the smell of great food over comes you.  Staff was very helpful and the food was very good and lots to choose from The only positive thing I can say is that the place was very clean 9BH18avE46LlHMvJn67MaA  but the list of menu options works for a restaurant of this size. This makes for a good and convenient lunch destination if you work downtown and want something other than a burger or a sub "Quality was okay and food is kind of bland. You can see the sheriff come in here quite often during lunch time. Don't try to get breakfast menu items past 11 The food was decent but if I had another chance to grab lunch in downtown Phoenix "I visit this place here and there with co-workers and have never been disappointed. I am not very adventurous so I usually get a turkey sandwich on kaiser and fries This place is near work and decent as far as lunch and being able to find a place to sit.  They are average as far as cost but food consistently meets expectations with generous portions.  Nice to browse some of the old photos on the walls.  I liked that! I spoke to the gentleman behind the counter and asked him what the most popular item was and he said the Pastrami or the beef brisket. Since the boyfriend eats anything I got him the Brisket and he offered up some fries with that. I had a hard time understanding much of what he was saying like types of bread for the sandwich or whether I wanted a pickle with the meal but no big deal. Well to put it lightly the Brisket was friggen amazing. I am a very picky eater  pretty darn good and really filling especially with the fantastic fries. I try to bring lunch with me most days but once or twice a week I buy lunchs  but don't worry - they PILE on the good stuff. I tried their Chef Salad and it was pretty tasty but was a little disappointed they used mainly iceberg (I'm a spinach/Romaine girl)." Some drawbacks was the parking - there's no where close and it's all pay - and the tables were really sticky. I didn't see anyone wiping them down so who knows how dirty they were?" I also like all the historical photos of downtown Phoenix and the owners' story. Mix of all different business types  Glenn asked me how I heard of them and I raved over the ham sandwich! I was pleasantly surprised to see a box lunch right on top with my name and inside was a ham on Kaiser just for me! The oatmeal cookie was nice and soft and well appreciated for the mid-day snack crave! Thank you again for your thoughtfulness and on-time delivery!" "I was delighted to find this genuine deli serving delicious authentic food. It is an oasis in a land of franchises. Corned beef on rye and lox with cream cheese on bagel were soul satisfying. If I lived in Phoenix  but I was let down when I saw her scoop some meat off the counter that may of may have not been sitting there for a while. The next disappointment came when they started stacking the meat...since the sandwich was about $10 I expected it to be so big we could barely fit our mouths around it (which has been my past pastrami experiences) but it was pretty damn small. We ended up sharing it Overpriced and underwhelmed." I always enjoy seeing a thriving family owned business. We ate the New Yorker with fries and it was delicious. I enjoyed the coleslaw on top of pastrami. The French fries were crispy and appropriately warm. The staff was also very friendly.  it's just the man w/the moustache who is a bit prickly. He has a sour scowl on his face everytime I'm in there." Amazing pull pork on onion roll. I eat a lot of bbq and this has been by far the best and a very healthy portion. Such great service. I am new to downtown and didnt realize they were closing and they still made me lunch. On top of that the owner talked with me for a while about downtown and their food quality and process. It is great to hear from someone who loves their business that much. So I would say stay away if your on a budget or want more for your money." "I've eaten here a couple times. Breakfast ends at 10am(?) so no ham n eggs today. Got the panini special it was ok. Came with a dill pickle slice and some good French fries. This is old school NYC food here Fastest place to grab a bite during lunch hour food is good prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly.  so it wasn't crowded at lunch time. We got our food fast John was really nice about my off the menu request for just brisket and cheese - no bun!   great food and friendly people. I had the ultimate grilled cheese sandwich.  The price was great for the amount of food I got. Will recommended" I always get to talk to someone and place my oreder right away and they make sure to repeat everything and ask about dietary needs such as a veggie sandwich or extra tuna for dieters.  Very dependable and delicious." First time here for the final days.  Line is out the door but the food is worth the wait.  I will miss this place just like everyone else who is waiting 30 minutes to place an order!  Please reopen soon!!!  most sinfully delightful chocolate cake around. The best part is it's only $2.00!  The reasonably sized slice of cake totally makes up for the boring  tuna and egg salads). They will cater your next event and if you've ever seen those Honda Elements running around Phoenix with Zoe's name plastered along the sides Last but not least - I love the modern/simple decor.  The ""kids"" paintings scattered around the place are pretty cool too!" Chicken Kabobs (really dry)" When  I feel like eating healthy this is where I go.  I love the mediteranean tuna pita.  I have tried numerous things on the menu including the chocolate cake (yummy).  I have never been disappointed with anything i ordered and the staff is always very nice.  all 2 oz. of it. BUT THE CAKE...OH MARY....THE CAKE! Truly a slice of chocolate heaven. I will go back and try some other items. Staff was friendly. I liked the space. Cake was trAvQPp7gps0Btk-2AmLpw  and don't even get me started on the chocolate cake!"  the aforementioned cake and limeade. Really no desire to try anything else. With this place  clean and simple with just enough trendiness to make you feel better about yourself for coming here than a fast food restaurant.   Our food was plain and simple I plan to go back and I plan to get something different to try.  Neat concept  but also not quite good either. Very uninspired in all foods I have tasted. Sorta like eating dry white bread. We ordered as a group each time I ate  you may stand at the counter while they work around you but do not recognize your presence until the invisibility dust (or whatever makes you invisible) wears off.  Based upon my late lunch experience today  sometimes delivery from Z Pizza.  Within that context Zoe's is a win.  The chicken salad and tuna salad sandwiches are tasty and of generous size.  My wife likes the marinated slaw I suppose if one of your favorite food combinations is mayonaise on white bread you might be impressed  I just get the same thing every time. Almost took off another star because one time some chicken somehow ended up in my grilled feta sandwich (I don't eat chicken)  kinda boring.  I think I liked the design of the place better than the food. So "This place is just OK in my book. I love the idea... a healthy alternative to fast food but it could be better. The first time I went I liked it but it's also hard to screw up a grilled cheese sandwich. Sooo... I went back and tried it again. My fruit cup was sour  but it is a nice place to go if you don't want fried food or smell of Subway. My favorite is the pimento cheese sandwich with turkey added to it. It might be a bit weird for most but when I am ""hankering for hunker'n"" I guarantee you that we won't be back to Zoe's Kitchen. We are huge fans of fast It's an uppity cafeteria that makes you want to believe that their food is good for you "This place saddens me. It is a void. It has a sterile atmosphere. The sandwiches were dry and not very good. The prices were high. The only reason that I went was because they handed out coupons in my neighborhood. If I had to say something good about this place  which in my opinion is a great area that i hope will continue to keep building up great new stores and restuarants. Nothing bad to say. Great patio right on the street definately a great place to eat right now when the weather is perfect."  this place will never see me or my money again." I don't know how this place stays in business. The menu is so limited. Would you like chicken or chicken? Chicken in a pita? Chicken on some lettuce? Chicken rolled in a tortilla? And the pita chips are bland! Yuck! And  the potato salad has something in it that is way too tangy. I've only been twice and tried different dishes both times but I just don't get anything greek about this place.  but I always end up having to load everything with salt and pepper to even taste it. It's overpriced for just getting a simple sandwich on store bought bread with a bag of potato chips." trAvQPp7gps0Btk-2AmLpw I can't explain how much I detest food from Zoe's. Fresh vegetables  better pricing and atmosphere.  I will come back but Then I actually went back again to give it a second chance (I had a lot of coupons) and ate a very boring sandwich with cafeteria stlye mashed potatoes.   Maybe this place would be better for non vegetarians....my coworker liked his Greek Chicken plate The fact that it won something from the New Times proves how corrupt that process is." No one has mentioned the iced tea - I really do like the fresh iced teas." I have also tried the grilled cheese adding tomatoe and onion to it and it tastes good as well. Also the grilled feta sandwhich is also a favorite. The feta can be a little much so I do take some of it out I had the Greek Pita w/ the pasta salad. It was pretty big but a little difficult to eat. Especially at your desk! I have to say though the pasta salad wasn't as great as I'd hoped. My coworker raves about the slaw. I hate it  and an overall trendy and upbeat atmosphere.  I would recommend it definately.  Plus the staff is eally nice too." It's a bit of a cluster-F at the drink/napkin area...too tight in there for people but the fact that they have Diet Dr. P in the fountain makes up for it.  Like Nicole T  ate my chicken roll ups and read the New Times. They were delicious.  The dipping salsa is to close to Pace.  That is my only beef with the dish.   My side was the pasta salad.  Wonderful.  I was wondering where to go for dinner for one.  I didn't want fast food and I didn't want to have to tip a waiter plus I wanted healthy food.  Zoe's delivered.  My bill was around eight dollars.  Who's a happy camper? (me) The hibiscus tea was very good.  I went for a refill.  All in all Zoe's is a satisfying option for your taste buds and your wallet."  this may not be the place for you. About 99% of the items on the menu contain it." "Went to lunch with a colleague. Looking for something relatively healthy and not too heavy. Was very satisfied with my meal of 2 chicken kabobs "LOVE this place! I meet my husband here for lunch as often as I can. It is a bit pricey for being a fast food place but the food is so good. I always get the pita pizza and the pasta salad. Excellent place to eat. The decor is funky but the staff is usually really nice and again "I eat at Zoe's often because it's a convenient place to grab lunch quickly in between teaching and afternoon meetings. I would go there just for the limeade--best thing ever! I usually get the grilled cheese sandwich with a tomato on rye and coleslaw  it'll be healthy. But likewise if you scratch the dressing....you might fall asleep while eating."  and your choice of a side (I chose their rice-yummy) and their greek salad. The salad is always huge so I usually save it for its own meal later. Their salad comes with their signature vinaigrette which is soooooo good. We also got a pre-packaged side of their red potato salad which is good  and I really loved the ""at-home"" feel they create. The bread my sandwich was served on could have been the same that I have sitting in my pantry at home  and they didn't burn my sandwich alright. Actually (if I could take a picture I would) they barely heated it. The cheese is still mostly intact."  as I took takeout...but this place is DELICIOUS! I'm always looking for healthy places to eat for lunch and sometimes it's a strike-out. You know those places....the ones that promote good  and the lemon limeade my friend calls crack.  Six blocks from Los Olivos car wash if you're trying to kill time.  Saw they have a security enabled wifi network but didn't try asking for the wep key to see if they share." trAvQPp7gps0Btk-2AmLpw "I went to Zoe's Kitchen today for lunch and ordered the Ham & Swiss grilled sandwich. My first experience with Zoe's was mediocre  order your food ahead of time and just pick it up...then you don't have to worry about waiting all day for your food at the high rush time (around 11pm-1pm)" "I eat here at least once a week. Service is always good and food is consistent. The dressing is amazing!! Couple reasons for 3 stars--a bit overpriced. I should think more about spending $11 on lunch My favorite part about Zoe's you ask? That Diet Dr. Pepper is part of the soda fountain selection. Divine."  pasta salad and the aforementioned slaw. If you're looking for a great pretty healthy spot to get lunch  but could have had the same experience for half the price." "The food isn't great.  I really only like the chocolate cake which is strangely sweet but does not have much chocolate flavor.  (Still I'm strangely addicted to it).  The food is rather bland  said it was pretty good but kinda bland in flavor. I thought the roll-ups were pretty good too & agree that they needed a lil extra somethin. I didn't eat the chips but the pasta salad was very yummy. For both meals & 2 drinks  I go to Zoe's.  Great array of fresh and mostly healthy meals.  LOVE the chicken salad and the (not so healthy) chocolate cake.  Staff are friendly  I'm compelled now to patronize this little spot more often. Next time I'm trying the new spinach wraps...mmmm"  but nothing extraordinary. I don't want my review to sound negative - because I've never had a bad experience at Zoe's; it just isn't worth more than 3 stars."  and the fresh slaw with feta side was fantastic as well. We so wish we had a place like this at home!" I especially like the ""Grben"" with potato salad. Yum!" The girl that helped me was really nice which is always a plus!" The chocolate sheet cake is super yummy and reminds me of the cakes my grandma used to make.  You always get bonus points for reminding me of my grandmother. :)"  super delicious salads and chicken kabobs. Would recommend to all!!!"  I think they're better than the chicken ones. I also bought a refillable cup that I can bring back for 99 cent refills. I usually come here to get a light  can't go wrong.  Perfect for lunch. Always nice staff as well-service with a smile."  and the parking: very tough to get right now with the construction next door. If you wait a few minutes you should get a space in the lot and won't have to park around the corner. (I haven't tried parking in the costume store lot.)" "I crave Zoe's when I'm in the mood for something light and fairly healthy. I love their chicken salad and tuna salad. Both are pretty much just meat So glad i live near both locations in central phx--so can do when i feel the urge:)"  sandwich & hummus options - can't wait to try more!" Good healthy food! Reasonably priced for what you get.  Love the steak kabobs and the steak wraps.  The salad is also very good.  and every chair was covered in crumbs from the previous diners. So gross! I am sad this place has gone downhill; Zoe's has always been a staple for my friends and me  nothing. I messaged the customer service person who had contacted me initially just to let her know the gift card had not arrived. Just pretty surprising the level of poor management. I am no longer wondering what happen to Zoe's because it is pretty self evident." The service was friendly." I really appreciated the counter girl's kindness in giving me a drink but the status of the sandwhich was enough to probably deter me from returning. Which is too bad because I love that they support local so much. Maybe I should have had a salad." "This was a fresh take and a nice change from the ""normal"" fast lunches I am used to. One my first visit I asked the lady helping me what she recommended. She said the steak kabobs are excellent and so are the chicken. My partner and I got one of each  which has created a warmer feeling in the dining room. The girl who took my order and cashed me out was pleasant and very excited about my free lunch coupon. She was endearing. I left the restaurant with a smile on my face! I get back to work and open the box and...it was the wrong menu item. SNAP. I was so excited. I call back and let them know I was returning to get the correct menu item. When I returned to Zoes So good I came back the next day to get spinach rolls. Which were like spinach pie but in a crispy tortilla style roll served with some tomato based salsa. T'was fabulous!"  but I find it a little pricy for what you get."  quick service. Kinda pricey for the brown bag crowd. Great tea!" The bit of the meal that was unprofessional in the food service industry was a salad core in Sweet D's greens pile.  The price of our meal was $21.00.   I'm thinking the goal of this Mediterranean fast food franchise is a meal for $10.  We'll go back.  After we try more of the eateries at 7th Ave and McDowell." We will definitely be back and I want to try the hummus next time along with some other dishes that looked tasty." Good for a quick dinner. I have never been disappointed with a meal here. Particular favorites include the ""gruben  you can tell exactly what you're eating.  Even the fruit salad looks made fresh daily (and its not your usual melon and cantaloupe mix).  Their menu is healthy to begin with  but I wouldn't run over there to get it. This place does get points for being fairly inexpensive and quick." "Maybe I've just been lucky - I've always had great experiences at Zoe's.  The albacore tuna pita is great "They remembered I ordered the Gruben every time I come here  and their terrific greek dressing. They also have great pasta salad and their chicken roll-ups are fantastic. You absolutely have to get a piece of their chocolate cake as well. It reminds me of my mom's Texas Sheet Cake and it's so good! They also have dinners to go that are amazing." Their greek chicken pita is my favorite lunch dish.  And you need to add some of their house vinegar & oil. It's good to try new things so you know not to go there ever again :)" The Chicken Dinner meal is so good!  I find different friends to go there with since I go often and always get the same meal.  I don't want people to think I'm weird by wanting to eat at the same place w/same meal all the time. I have this catered at work often.  Always fresh and delicious.  I especially enjoy the chicken kabob platter with brown rice and fresh salad with Pita.  Very consistent in taste and quality.   I always wonder why this location is not busier.  It is certainly a well kept secret. I enjoy the chicken salad - very good! Overpriced for what you get.  but I prefer the restaurants around the area though- there is a Habit Burger "I used to not go here anymore because the service was so slow. Decided to give it a shot again a few months ago...and the service still makes for 3 and not a 4 star review. I usually stick to the Greek chicken pita which I've had 3-4 times and it's kind of a hit in miss in terms of how good the chicken is cooked. Sometimes absolutely delicious and other times a little dry. A friend suggested I ask for hummus inside the pita (strange I know) but that really does the trick in terms of having a ""good"" pita there and if only they could improve their service speed so you don't have to wait 20 minutes each time they would get a 4. I almost gave them 4 this time around because a manager approached us as we were having dinner and of course noticed that we had to get up twice to ask if our order was almost ready. She was nice enough to comp our meal and gave us a gift card  veggie kabobs and chicken green salads and was so impressed with the presentation. Delivery and set up was great! The delivery girls did have a spill and 2 veggie kabobs didnt make it but I appreciated that they were honest about it and I was refunded. Zoes had no problem in individually packaging all 110 of my orders. They even brought along some nifty coolers with ice for drinks and all of the necessary paperware/plasticware. They accommodated to my party's needs (chicken and pita bread on sides for vegetarians/gluten free folks). I had the chicken kabob lunch and it was so good! The chicken was flavorful I love Zoe's.  The food is always good and the service is always pleasant.  even during weekday lunch rush when it's a real challenge to find parking and maneuver around the lot without getting hit.  They don't even embarrass me about coming so often and ordering the same exact thing We will be back and hopefully next time we won't have to rush :)" First off AMAZING chocolate cake!! Most of the good is awesome !! But sometimes service is a little slow :-/  but that woman!! She needs to be Gordon Ramsey-ed right in the face!"  nothing spectacular -- oh except for the chocolate cake!  I love that cake and the frosting they put on top which is thin and forms a slight crunchy crust on top.  My only complaint with the cake is that the slices are cut very inconsistently.  So sometimes I get small slices and sometimes I get huge slices."  but I know a lot of people would be very disappointed.  Learn how to do beef better.  I'm sure you've already lost customers with that stuff.  I'll get the chicken next time." Probably won't come back :("  we always like to get their Greek Salad with Grilled Chicken added. It's pretty hearty & we love their Greek Salad Dressing....yummy!  ....Kinda don't like sitting on their hard plastic chairs though.  :(" The food is always good and I Dont feel like I am ever eating bad here. Its always clean and the staff is friendly.  and upon giving me my to-go order I was handed a complementary cookie for the wait. Which that too was absolutely delicious. They are good people over at this location. I will be returning next time I am back on this end of town!" This a great spot.  Get here before the lunch rush or after.  If not parking is a disaster.  The chicken pita pizza is amazing.  It comes with a salad and it is a great deal.  It's my favorite here.  I cannot give it 5 stars due to the debacle that is the parking situation. I like the Zoes franchise and have been to locations all across the country and have never seen a location like this. Take into account the parking is absolutely horrendous and the trip to this Zoes simply isn't worth it." Skip this place and hitup one of the other 30 eateries in a 1 block radius." My husband ordered the chicken salad sandwich. He said it was just all right. Nothing special My first time here. I ordered the GRuben sandwich which was recommended to me by the cashier. it was worth it! Next time I think I would try the kabobs tho. This location seem to have lots of seating. The staff were very accommodating and friendly. Overall it seemed quite clean also. parking seemed to be a bit limited. I would definitely recommend this place and I plan to be back! Their Greek salad with chicken and chicken salad sandwich are amazing! The employees are always very sweet. I almost hate how much I love this place!!  later that afternoon asking me how the food was and was everything how I ordered it and she asked me if I had any feedback. I was so impressed by their professionalism and a company that actually calls you to ask if they met your service standards. YES "I used to go to Zoe's a few years ago but moved. I decided to give it a try when I was in the area. The food is just as good as it used to be. I can t say that for a lot of places. The quality of the food is good. I ordered a chicken pita with slaw. I had a side of pasta salad which had fresh basil "I've been coming to this place for while now and I got to give them credit they are accommodating . they once got my order wrong and just gave me about 40 dollars of extra food. But anyways this is favorite spot on the McDowell and 7 ave food selection area. The food always taste fresh trAvQPp7gps0Btk-2AmLpw  they always fix any concern that you might have with your meal. And that is suuuuper important!" I love Zoe's but this one specifically was a bust. Floor was a mess as were tables. Was charged differently than other Zoe's. Food took very long to come as we were the only people In the restaurant and it was mediocre at best. No real plates or silverware...it was really kind of lame. Which is disappointing because I love Zoe's. I was planning on meeting some friends here but they must have gone to the other location. I decided to give it a try anyway. A few gluten-free options. I got the greek salad with grilled chicken. It was delicious and decent portion size. It was easy to tell it was very fresh. No iceberg lettuce here! that pimento and cheese sandwich is as good as it gets! 1st time here and very happy with the food and the service. Woman at the counter was very friendly and helpful. She recommended having the sauce that I was uncertain about on the side and offered to get another side if we did not like the rosemary white beans. We liked the beans and the sauce! The food was fast and good. Place not fancy but nice. Love the food. Eat here about once a week. Convenient take out and healthy food options.  the food is delicious. The employees are always in a good mood  only because a lot of us take lunch hour at the same times here. The location is usually neat and clean  this Subway is consistent and usually tastes good.  The place is always clean and the workers TRY to move you through as fast as possible." I was disappointed when I got back to the room to eat only to discover that the bread either old or left in the microwave to long." If you are looking for a decent sandwich in the area This subway is pretty clean and in a good place.  customer service is very slow and too crowded at times.  They try to hurry u up to chose but when u choose what u want they take forever on the rest of the stuff. it is a normal tipical subway but they do need more friendly people.  when the quality of the bread seemed to skyrocket. Now I've gone 3 times in a row and the bread has been really good every time. Very good for a subway" Give your business to Corner Bakery a few doors down for a MUCH more high quality product if looking for a sandwich on the go." It's just rather depressing that there's really no good place to get a decent slice in downtown Phoenix." "pizza is good and you can get 2 big slices with the lunch special "European soups made from scratch.  Their specials change daily which keeps me coming back.  Their prices are bargin for the fresh food you get.  Variety:  pizza Met the owner (Horatio). He's very friendly. From Romania. Family owned." Some of the best pizza in town. Fresh ingredients in both the pizza and the pasta.  I've tried different menu items and you can't go wrong with anything you order. The place is very clean and nicely decorated.  Fast service and friendly staff.  the crust thick the sauce and toppings are (good) average.  On both occasions I took a piece of pizza home for later.  There are more options on the menu and offer more than one special for lunch usually.  Even when super busy during the lunch hour I have found the service to be quick and friendly." Perhaps it's time for the younger gentleman to take over management of this restaurant." Great family business.  I've been coming for lunch for a year now.  They have fresh soups and specials that change daily...the variety and price keeps me coming back! Papa Christo's opens at 7am for breakfast but closes at 3 in the afternoon  and are only open Monday through Friday."  you can go here and have a tasty lunch.  A neat place."  Philly cheese steak and other random food items." "Nice ma and pa pizza joint "For $6 after tax I got a medium drink and 2 huge slices of fresh pizza and this has to be one of the best slices of cheese pizza I've ever eaten! You can taste the herbs I too got the 2 slice and a drink deal.  I had the pineapple and ham pizza slices.  The sauce had a nice tang to it and I got ham and pineapple in every bite.  A good lunch deal. If2DUhmWIvlu2JFc_rR-Bw Okay this place is a solid joint for a quick downtown lunch that won't cost you much. The pizza looks wonderful from the windows... I suspect they get a lot of customers who are walking by with the beautiful looking pizza. Sadly I can say that while the pizza isn't horrible it's not as good as it looks. It's alright pizza... and sometimes you are alright with alright pizza. They had a lot of other menu choices so when I have a chance I'll check them out. They also have a pretty good deal for a downtown place 2 slices and drink for $6 even which if you know anything about downtown is hard to beat. The staff was friendly as well. So I'll be going back in the future. If2DUhmWIvlu2JFc_rR-Bw  really. But I've had the breakfast muffin twice and both times it was beyond awesome! Just the right amount of grease to let you know it's good. And super cheap!"  pasta and salad was so so but the pizza was tasty. Friendly On rare occasions the owners are rude. But that's rare so maybe they were having a bad day."  they put two huge eggs on it and a lot of bacon but the container was filled with grease and liquid which made a soggy inedible mess.  The service is always friendly though so I keep giving it another try." Get your own eye opener!"  it is thick and doughy. But if you like double dough or double crust The service is always great I go once every week or so."  the pizza is giant puffy slices. I'm not a huge fan of this style of pizza Good soups. They have stuffed peppers on Thursdays. One of my favorite downtown lunches. Good place to grab a quick bite if you're Downtown Phoenix and want to have some yummy pizza." This pizza place is very affordable and convenient.. Two deep dish slices and a drink for 5.99! The people at Papa Christo's are so nice I had to give them 4 stars. They are so warm and endearing you feel like you walked into your mother's kitchen. I ordered the pizza special: Any 2 slices with a free medium drink for $5.99. GREAT deal. The pizza slices are thick and both were yummy today - I even ate the crust!  and they don't act like I have horns on my head when I ask them to remove some of the bread from the middle of the roll. The subway sandwich toasting machine is fast and nifty. I'm a fan."  someone is always cleaning something.  Their employees are friendly and the food under the glass is fresh looking and appetizing and in their own bins.  Sometimes you can go to a subway and the prep area is a wreck. Thats what makes this Subway so great. Everything is in it's place  the staff are incredibly stingy about giving you extras. I play a game with the staff where I say ""extra pickles please"". And they look at me for a moment Biggest downside is that the location occasionally draws some unpleasant crowds.  About a 25% chance there will a crazy person "I tend to not go to Subways because I think their bread tastes like cardboard but it's hard to ignore the convenience of having them in so many places. Was driving by this one and decided to give it a shot. I wasn't disappointed. I did have a ""buy one 6 inch get one free with a drink"" and it came to $6. Clean location  but even with about 8 people in front of me yesterday in line I only had to wait about 10 minutes.  Another plus is that even though they share a small parking lot with a lot of other businesses This is my favorite Subway in town! I often go with my little boy and they are so friendly and patient while he practices ordering. The service is the best at his Subway and i will drive by several others just to go here for the awesome service!  and the staff is mediocre attentive-wise. I can't really complain about the prices  no complaints. I was able to get in and out in less than 10 minutes during the lunch rush on a weekday. That's tricky to-do in downtown phoenix." Ordered 6 foot sandwich.  They were ready for usv. Half was turkey and half mixed meats . The bread was fresh . The lunch meat on the sandwich was sufficien t.  Average was 4.00 per person "They may have a clean establishment but they're very stingy when it comes to making their sandwiches. When it comes to making a 6 inch Subway sandwich you need three tomatoes not two. When you deliver cookies to your customers you should give them the cookies and not make them reach for it. Maybe it's the fact we are in uptown Phoenix Arizona but I was very unhappy about their customer service so be careful about coming to this location. Fuck it The inside of the restaurant was small but it was clean and the staff was friendly"  along with many of the downtown places.  I suggest calling in your order if you don't want to wait -OR- you can even use their website to order online.  Cool!!"  the salsa on the side is good as well.   It's a relatively quick simple option for me."  I never set foot in a Duck and Decanter again. It just felt like a clip joint that offered okay to good food." "This location is not as fun inside as the Camelback one -- that one feels like an old house with old school candy and toys etc to play with while you wait...but they do make great sandwiches Definitely recommend this joint for anyone craving a tasty sandwich made with care."  and also a fan of turning any sandwich into a salad.  My coworkers and I always go here when travelling to Phoenix on business."  especially when you add on the time to get there and some change for the parking meters. Might visit again if I happen to be in the area." "Their sandwiches are delicious.  I like the Camelback location much better as it offers meat and cheese plates in addition to their sandwiches.  The Central location is very fast paced.  Order ahead if at all possible.  This is a little on the pricey side "Wouldn't recommend this place for breakfast... Not bad but really nothing special and pretty overpriced. We ordered the full sized breakfast burritos with cheddar and black forest bacon. Bacon was chewy and tasted like it came out of a microwave and probably could've made something better at home. $21 for the burritos and 2 bottled waters. Seat yourself and pick up at the counter. Friendly service and clean but boring  Gloria and Dave - and rest of the gang.  People are not strangers there for long!" I recommend either the turkey with provolone on a butter croissant OR the pastrami with swiss on sour dough. Make sure to grab some pickles when you check out They do have free wireless and a decent amount of seating." "One of my favorite sandwich places since the early 80s...it's my NOONER stop any time I am downtown Phoenix  it was a really good salad and I enjoyed their different varieties of tea. I do think it seemed a bit wasteful to give everyone a brown paper sack to hold their food  the quality of their products make it a much better sandwich than a lot of the other options in the area. The best part of the build my own is the champagne mustard. It's kind of like a honey mustard but possibly more delicious. If you are downtown and looking for a sandwich this is definitely the best option for quality and taste." Skip the big chains across the street and shop this local AZ business." "I always enjoy days when I work downtown with clients because there are so many choices for Lunch. I love the Duck & Decanter on Camelback so decided to give the downtown location a try. Before I reached the door entrance "Their iced chai is really good - best one I've had.  Their classic Reuben sandwich is good.  They let you do a ""mini"" on the sandwich you want Been trying for 30 mins on and off to order a delivery. I get voice mail and nothing else. A great place for a quick lunch or an impromptu meeting.  The offer dine-in Great people and awesome food!! p.s. why is it so hard to spell prosciutto correctly?"  which is great -- especially if you don't have much time for lunch. But if you have a few minutes "This is the kind of place that I would visit all the time if I lived nearby. The concept is solid (order what you want and it's written on your brown paper bag The duck sandwich was not bad. Maybe a little over priced.  cookies and coffee/tea/soda. For lunch they pack it to go in a lunch sack. If you park in the parking garage of the building they are in they will validate for 2 hours!"  they sell cookies and sweet treats.  So that's good."  now my kids go too as well as my office and friends." "I've been going to this Duck location for the past several months and it never disappoints. I love that it is a family run business. All of the employees are very friendly and helpful. The sandwiches are excellent and they are not shy with the ingredients. They might seem a bit higher priced  and extensive menu items; we made reservations in advance with confidence that we chose a family owned business.  One student ordered the curry chicken and told everyone how excited she was to get good curry.  This is my 3rd visit and I am super satisfied."  but what I'm pointing out here is that the flavor and goodness of this sandwich is truly amazing. It really hits the spot! Oh yeah  with sour cream & onion chips and a green tea of the day. The folks here are super nice. The location is within walking distance of the USAirways Center and Chase Field. If you work downtown "Sandwiches and breakfast (7am - 7pm) at this location. All can be eaten here or taken in a bag to go. These folks are excellent at packing up their ""nooner"" sandwich bags for everyone at your downtown Phoenix lunch meeting. And everyone can get whatever meat and condiments on whatever bread they choose (albacore tuna salad is the #1 seller). Breakfast is sandwich style as well. Several fresh iced tea options (including prickly pear fruit on one day I was there)." "My longtime love affair with Duck and Decanter may finally be over! I went into the downtown location for a muffin. After waiting some time and being stared at by employees  so it didn't feel like a ""fresh"" sandwich. I would probably come back for lunch  and less turkey. An all-duck sandwich would have been ideal. The chocolate chip cookie was fantastic. The tea was also fantastic. I think it was raspberry mint green  and came on an onion bun. It was supposed to be a hot sandwich which means piping hot meat and melted cheese in my mind. I ordered the mini and this sad Sandwich was $6.95. The meat was tasty but they do not provide a lot of protein. I should have biked straight home from bikram yoga where I would have saved a total of $9.13 and filled myself up with my yummy home cooking. Never again will I go to this overpriced and over hyped spot." I love the Duck!  I'm not sure what to say other than it is a staple in my rotation of lunch spots.  Their reuben is so delicious and I love the pickles they give with the meal.  the turkey sandwich I got was huge Food is ok but can you spell S L O W?  During a busy lunch rush you would imagine that sandwiches could be made quickly. Waiting 15-20 minutes is ridiculous. And I beat the crowd!  Still waiting...finally got my sandwich and it was not what I ordered!  Plus $7 for a half sandwich??  and spicy brown mustard on French bread. Both sandwiches were super filling and we decided to pair them with the freshly brewed iced tea that they have there. I'm really impressed with the selection they have. They had 4 different iced tea options and all of them were amazing. This place is definitely the best sandwich spot I've ever been too. They also have a nice little selection of craft beers. I will definitely be back when I'm in the area." Love The Duck!! Great deli sandwiches! Service is good too!! Say hello to Gloria when you stop by!!  and so you don't want to walk all around it if you can avoid it. The I stopped in twice and the sandwiches were really good. One time I got a kind of curry chicken Great place for a quick Came here for the first time today. Order the Genoa with no tomatoes. Apparently they thought that meant I wanted nothing on the sandwich but meat and cheese. Very disappointed and will not be back.  two different kinds of cheese and the bleu turkey salad - so amazing!  This was such a nice way to wind down the week and enjoy a few tastes of different things." I was looking for a good breakfast before my workout.  I was going to go this place called potbelly but I just kept thinking you are what you eat. So I came here and got a 3 egg and chess sandwich and adding the spicy pickled vegie mix. It was perfect size for one person and super affordable. Here I defiantly didn't feel like I was getting ripped off or going to be sick after I ate.  Plus the guy at the counter was super nice. That always helps. Great location and busy at lunch. Saw many locals in here and they seem to be regulars.  about 9 dollars for a filling sandwich. I loved the cranberry sauce and cream cheese-the contrast between the two was definitely the best part of the sandwich! There is also a little shop in the store with interesting knick knacks and goods. Complimentary pickles and salt water taffy were awesome and a nice touch. Definitely recommend for lunch I had lunch here while I was at work. I had the Vermont sandwich which was okay. My favorite part? The pickles.  and called to let them know their chicken curry is tainted. They offered to make me another one. No thanks. Disgusting." Only negitive is the hours: 9am-4pm"  we went during lunch hour on a weekday and it was so busy that I didn't get as much meat...so it wasn't as good as the first time.  I will be back though  a bit chaotic and is apparently cooled by wall-mounted fans. Yet I can see myself going here on a regular basis. So  peppers ... just cheese and steak.  And it's heaven."  maybe on a Saturday and get a cheesesteak with mushrooms.  A rogue mushroom found it's way into my cheesesteak and it was awesome!  Now I gotta see what it would be like with a whole bunch of them!" My only complaint is that this place is just so small.  There is so little room to eat or even stand.  They would benefit from a walk-up window for to-go orders."  so be sure to stick to the real deal and grab a coupon from the website."  and free refills on drinks. Check out their website at http://www.bestofphillyaz.com for a discount coupon They messed up one of our orders and made a new sandwich and also wrapped up the ""mistake"" for us to take with us."  look no further; this is the place.  The sandwich almost melts in your mouth... holy cow! It was delicious.  The fries are just your standard run of the mill fries shame and lamenting  ""what man would want me now""?"  all in all a good experience and I would return.  I've never been to Philadelphia to try the 'real' thing maybe that'll be my next foodie vacation!"  but it gets four here in Phoenix for at least doing it the right way. My negative is they skimp on the meat. As others have said  this place is not really health but every once in a while you need a gut-bomb."  I gave it a try...  MAN!! First bite exploded in my mouth!! Never thought Philly steak could be this good!!  Meat is so soft and tender "My BF swears by this place. He says its the closest he's had to the cheesesteaks in Philly. Well I've never been to Philly and if their famous cheesesteaks are like these  but the meat was underseasoned and there wasn't enough for the size of the roll (10 inch) I needed more onions than they gave me  but you HAVE to try their gyros. AMAZING. Just remember your number if you call in for takeout...they don't take your name. Bombsteak!"  I've been coming for years and the same family has been here since I can remember which means their food is just as good today. Cheese steaks are great and make sure you get the grilled peppers!" great people run this place. it is clean and the food is always great.  but I'm not sure I'd try them....I'm just there for the cheese steak and that is all....yum!"  but not ""Philly's Best"". ;)"  but still good. Note that it's very tiny inside - be prepared to squeeze through. They sell Tastykakes at the register  it didn't have much meat on it!! Especially for $6.59 for a ten incher. I felt like I had eaten a six inch sub with double bread. If I ever come back I guess I'd have to spring for double meat. They did however have ""Tasty Cakes"" just like back East. You can't beet a good ""Butterscotch Krimpet""!" The owner and his staff are awesome  with an open honest mind.. You will enjoy the wonderful owners and food...Bet That!"  so this was the first time I have eaten at Best Of Philly. I will for sure eat there next trip! The Gyros was amazing! And the mushroom steak sub was too die for! Thanks to the nice people working Took away one star for how cramped it is inside. They even encourage you to share tables with strangers." "I have driven by this place on Central Avenue for years and never stopped in.  Decided today to grab a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised...the cheeseteak was quite good and   nothing was said to him.I felt like the kitchen guy was border line yelling at me as if I was going to steal all the napkins and ketchup packets from the  other paying customers... who would do such a thing??? lol. Anyways Best Philly cheesesteak in town! Went there for lunch today 3/2/13.  Business hours posted said they closed at 4PM on Saturday's.  Then why the hell were they close at 350PM ?  I will never visit this establisment again. I treat myself to this every once in a while as an indulgence.  Food is fabulous. Best Philly Cheese steak in Arizona.  Always fresh ingredients and they ship in specialty items in from Pennsylvania.  generic steak patties instead of the fresh sliced prime rib.  I didn't see any of the novelty items (ie.. TastyCakes) and I think they fired their cook as the owner was manning the grill.  Too sad!"  nothing spectacular.  While not at the top of my list I make a special trip to see these guys whenever down in PHX. Well worth the trip!" Verdict...take it to go." The steak tasted good.  Had a nice juice to it and was tender enough.  I wish they put enough of it to fill the bun.  The toppings also were a bit on the light side.  If you are going to charge 7 bucks for a cheesesteak you should be generous with the toppings." I can't decide which is better the Philly cheesesteak or the onion rings...both are delicious! If i worked in Phoenix I would eat here all the time. "I think this is the most underrated lunch spot in central Phoenix.  Authentic  Philly food.  Can get busy at noon  ""Bomb Steak."" It was filling but nothing to write home about. I would stop by again if I was in the area and wanted something quick." "I've been coming for cheese steaks for a while now and wanted to write a review after my last visit.  I think this place has the best cheese steaks in the valley.  When I get a craving for a cheese steak Definitely will be recommending this place!! Will certainly be making a return visit! A+++"  hardly any cheese on it! If in the area may have again but NO special trips there! Had a philly at Freddy's a day or so ago and it was much better!" Great food and the owner is so personable.  You don't find that often.  I'll be going back there to try more than the amazing Philly cheese steak I had today Got the gyro. It was good but very sloppy. Salad had huge pieces of lettuce. Next time I go I  not mess around and get the Philly. Bathrooms are behind building outside. I will review when I get a Philly. One of only two places in the Phoenix area that can make an excellent Philly Cheesesteak like I get in Philly. Sandwiches are a good size & the price point is reasonable I would have rather saved the $6 and gone to the sandwich shop down the street." My favorite place for cheese steak. Been coming here for years. It is truly a mom and pop place so I love giving back to local versus paying a national franchise. The food is amazing. Great cheese steaks. Only problem is that the owner cooks the food and hair from is arms always end up in my order. I've been there 3 times and it hasn't failed yet. He's an older fellow. Worth it if he's not there.  but that's exactly what makes this place special. You might be tempted to get a Philly sub  it should be called a 'Philly-Style' Cheese Steak!  I rationalize this statement under the same pretense just as I have reviewed and written about the traditional 'Cuban Sandwich'.  Despite Best of Philly's derivation Ehhhh not good and not bad. Very underwhelmed... The empty parking lot should have been a sign. Steak sandwich was bland but the bread was good. Having best of philly right next to work is not good  not as good as fore father's in Twmpe but they're still sooo good and I love seeing the owners working hard! Cheesesteaks are some of the best in town. Grew up in South Jersey & I like the white American cheese & rolls. I come here all the time. Little hole in the wall shop. Some of the best philly cheese steaks in az frendly staff and for a good price for my first time here I would definitely comeback. Stopped in for lunch while in town on business.  Great food at a great price!  Super friendly service too!  quick little take out place. Not the best but not the worst. Wish it had a little more meat in it. Prob would not go back again because there is lots of places to pick from in this area." I've had cheesesteaks from other places in Phoenix and in my opinion this is my favorite place for cheesesteaks." "Hours are the only negative part about this joint. Food is damn good and will keep you coming back for more. Get the full subs tho I got the chicken tenders and they were awful. They tasted like the chicken patties you get in a school lunch. The French fries were soggy. The Philly was average but needed more meat. I do not plan on coming back.  bread was perfect balance of soft vs sturdy enough to not fall apart. no complaints here!" Well I must say this was the first time I had ever eaten at Schlotzsky's Deli although I have heard of it before.  I loved it.  There was wonderful taste to the food.  I ordered a pastrami on rye and I haven't had that well tasting of a sandwich in years.  I'm not one for sandwich's in general.  I have eaten at other fast food sandwich shops and find this by far better then any other place.  The price is a little more then most of the fast food sandwich shops but well worth it.  Flavor and quality of food alone.  This is not processed meat . I ate at this Schlotzsky and the one in Scottsdale where I had a wonderful salad filled with meat and cheese.  I highly recommend. Very rude service. Poor choices of sides (e.g. no french fries)  but if you go here anytime soon I highly recommend the Sedona Chick. So yummy!" "Not sure why this location has received so many bad reviews! I used to work directly across the street from this location and would go here for lunch AT LEAST 2 times a week. I still make it down there occasionally since i no longer work in phoenix. The owner and his wife are always so sweet and chatty  and this has been seen and reported on by other Yelp reviewers (hence the poor review rating overall).  I didn't have this experience Complaints to the headquarters go unanswered. So I assume Schlotzsky's does not care about customers."  pickles and sauce. The coworkers that eat the sandwiches are always pleased with the product and I don't have anything but good things to say." "I am a huge fan of Schlotzsky's sandwiches but the price and caloric intake are a bit much to take in on a frequent basis. I have been to this location several times because it is close to my job but have experienced mixed emotions with the staff. Some are extremely friendly (like the lady who calls out your sandwich order) and some are a little rude. The older man who works there  the preparer Hedi (sp) said it was Peter. I told Peter that I felt I was disrespected because he wouldn't let me eat there. Peter said he had problems with people staying ""at least 45 minutes"" after closing and thinks that ""other Black people think that he (Peter) talks rude to them."" When I told him I would make a complaint  and unfortunately still looking for a convenient and tasty lunch spot." "I have been coming to this Schlotzsky's for 6 years. The old man is the rudest a**hole you will EVER meet! Half the time he helps me and when he does he talks to me like I am a 5 year old and is EXTREMELY condescending. Even while taking my money he was being sarcastic and rude. When confronting him about the way he spoke with me and how he does it EVERY time I come in I'm going to miss that place and that older lady.  Hope you both are well." "This is a great place for lunch.  Everytime we go we always see firefighters and police which means that it is good and cheap!  I found the food very fresh and the hummas was great.  Almost eveyrthing is homemade.  I did try the chicken sandwhich and found the chicken kinda dry *I totally just said ""#2""."   a convenient location for where I was working - myself and colleagues had around fifteen meals here in the space of a week  It should also be mentioned that they have the best Greek salad in town. It's delicious! (just get it without the onions  closed on the weekends. No fun for those of us who live in the area. But other than the short hours  2 super-quick large meals and huge sodas for $15 works for me!" i would certainly be here more...if not for the hours of operation.  this downtown area needs to pick up on the weekends so places like this will have a reason to be open on the weekenders. alas..i don't' think that will happen anytime soon. till then Athenian. i love your lunch."  I always feel safe with all of the cops who eat there!" If you are out and about in the downtown area during the week or Saturday  but no worries since any item offered here would be fulfiiling enough!"  but being that it's so far from home I wouldn't make an un needed trip to dine here."  great prices and the owners wife was undeniable friendly.  Seriously one of the genuinely nicest people I have ever met.   I started out with the Turkey Pita.  Delicious. Yet she urged me to be more creative.   Love it all now including the staff.   There isn't a day where it isn't hussle and bussle in the place Staff is really nice.  We'll be back without a doubt."  which must have suffered a precipitous decline in quality if even Dallas G (and his notoriously low standards) ever liked it." I remember liking this place in my past life. Today  but judging by how delicious they are I don't doubt that everything else is as good. I love that they have a great selection of hot sauce. You walk out fully satisfied and mentally ready to comeback soon. I don't give it 5 stars because it's not flawless. i.e. their iced tea tastes like water... So go with the soda Instead and you're good. Oh and the lady that runs the place is just lovely."  you won't find a better lunch experience - tasty food and friendly atmosphere. Stacy & George treat you like family (extra points if you're a Cubs/Bears/Bulls/Blackhawks fan - in that order)"  and pretty much just seemed like something I'd find in my cafeteria at work. The quality was crap and it was $6.45. I could go to Cyprus Pita Grill and get a really good gyros for the same money." I didn't want to give it too many stars because 1. my side of potato salad was room temperature and scary and 2. to be fair  so it seemed appropriate to hang out and watch the ""exciting"" 0-0 match-up. If we can get some fountain sodas up in there Great for hangovers during the world cup.  Quite tasty but nowhere near the best.  I won't go back. I'm going to stick to George's Famous Gyros on McKellips in Tempe where not only are they not Cubs fans but they use real gyro meat." ***Parking*** I found it super easy to park on the East side of Central on Garfield and pop a quarter in the meter to just walk across  it is definately my #1 pick!  She gets the steak or chicken picado and I always get the veggi pita.  I crave this place.  I wish there were more locations!"  but kind of hard to get to because its right next to the light rail.  The price is good too.  Will definitely go back as it looks like they have a good selection of greek and Chicago style items."  but it also wasn't good.  Come here if you like enormous portions of alright food for not too much money."  so-so the next lunch trip.  The tzaki was a highlight.   My friend got the vegetarian pita and fresh fruit--she loved it and the fruit was fresh and the serving really good for a side.  We got there a bit before noon and had no problem ordering The only complaint is that it can be pretty slow sometimes but the food makes up for it!" "I love this place. I'm so glad I finally stopped in. Huge seating area. Great prices. Huge portions. I got a gyro with feta and it was darn good. Was it the best gyro in town? No. But it was very respectable. The pita bread had a nice chewy crustiness to it. The meat was seasoned and moist glad there is Greek food spot close to my job since it is not that common in this area  and the potato salad it came with seemed to be made with lots and lots of mustard and very little mayonnaise. The service was friendly and I will probably return to try something else as I saw they have breakfast specials but it has not become my most beloved of places."  i.e. 3 pm.  However they have a very interesting take on Greek food and they aren't too pricey.  Definitely worth trying and worth the occasional lunch trip.  Also parking can be tricky to find  it would be to open for dinner and fix your soda fountain. But I am one happy customer! Lightrail accessible and parking in rear." I'll be back and I'm looking forward to trying many more menu items." Never get enough of the Gyro!" "This place it hit or miss for me. I have always ordered the feta gyro and either fries or a small Greek salad. Why is the soda machine always broken? Makes me wonder what else is broken and not fixed in the kitchen. I ate here for the 5th or 6th time on Thursday. The gyro is excellent "My favorite lunch spot. Fresh food Food is fresh and delicious. Atmosphere is comfortable and welcoming. I loved it.  heavier on the green bell peppers.  Will try another sandwich if I come back." Big plus for me was the huge hot sauce selection." **One key thing to note: I do not recommend adding chicken to your salad.  It's not the greatest quality chicken.  If you do go here "I LOVE Athenian Express. The vegetarian pita with hummus is SOOOO good!! There are tons of vegetarian options This place is awesome when you want good food and dont have much time. When I am in a pinch I will order the falafel to go. It is filling and yummy!  I have also had the gyro and side salad on previous visits. Highly recommended!! try king gyros on 43rd/tbird. little out of the way My baby turned me on to this place.  I love it so much. Such a good place to eat "The best lunch in Downtown Phoenix. I always get the gyro picado with feta cheese. But great salads the offer a healthy Having gotten delivery from here a few times when I worked downtown I found that they had a diverse menu and prices where reasonable for the amount of food you got. The Gyro's where good but the Stuffed Avocado was EPIC. It is my go to item here.  it's one of the best options at my office. I have never been super impressed - but I've never been disappointed  but the food is definitely yum and fresh. The Greek salad and hummus are my favorite. Oh and the cashiers are very very nice!!"  but the food is pretty average. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here LOVE this place! I eat here on a monthly basis and always have great services and food. It's affordable and quick! Definitely worth checking this place out! The vegetarian pita with hummus is really good. They sautee the vegetables and always put plenty of hummus on the pita. I always get a side of fruit with it because the fruit is always fresh and a good selection. Most places just do melons for fruit cups  I stopped in this place today for lunch (to-go might I add) and ended up waiting almost 40 mins for chicken souvlaki and fries...I told them my lunch was over by the time they handed me my to-go bag no apology  but I always enjoy the food.  Try ordering the hummus too!  I just wish they stayed open late at night."  bland and the restaurant has the decor of a double-wide. Never again 2 stars because the service was wonderful and I saw a salad that I wished I had ordered....." "This place is great! Use to eat at it maybe 4 times a week! I use to work at the record store next door and me and the guys would always order breakfast & lunch. George Service is the best. Everyone is super friendly. Love love love the Authentic Greek Salad..... The veggies are just so fresh and the feta is so creamy!!! One of the best lunch places downtown. I love the quirkiness of the restaurant. The only reason it is not five stars is the bread is usually hard around the edges.  But don't let that keep you away..... When I want to go Greek I go to Athenian Express!!!!! This place is totes amazeballs. I love everything from the hummus to the falafel...they have patio seating so I prefer to go to the restaurant and sit outside. Very CA casual and peaceful. Def make a point to visit. I recommend Athenians Express! :)" "Athenian Cafe (nee Express) is now closed until further notice. This is really a shame as it was my go-to place "The space formerly occupied by Athenian Express is for lease. Barring divine intervention AND DON""T CALL ME MAAM YOU IDIOT!  And get your teeth cleaned! That yucky yellow stuff is called tartar and it can be removed."  made our sandwiches exactly as we wanted them and they were great.  We will definately mention this to their GM "I like this Subway.  It's newly remodeled and if you go after 12:30 you beat the lunch rush.  I wish they could do something about the bums infesting the area. It can be a little bit of a deterrent when females go in alone."  I am finding myself avoiding it every day during lunch time. Why? the employees frequently pick on me for the specific instructions I have on my sandwich. It seems as though asking for a little avocado is being noted as ""picky"". I am constantly picked on each time I go in there with constant ""oh im sorry did you want cheese on this side or that?""  doesnt subway have some kind of backup plan? The first time it happened I just blew it off. But it happened today and I complained on subway.com. It can be especially frustrating if you find it closed when it should be open on the last day your coupon is good for. They oughta give you a raincheck or something."  sometimes it happens but the hickeys where fresh...all I could think of the whole time he was making my sandwich is he had his hands up some girls coochie less then 24 hours ago  mind you that there are 8 people in line ready to order. NEVER AGAIN WILL THIS PLACE ERAN MY BUSINESS. Every time I place an order it's for at least 10-15 subs... that sounds like a loss of profit to me!  GO TO JIMMY JOHNS!!!! They mange to take their orders in and actually make them!" I had a great experience here. I walked in and was promptly greeted. The staff was extremely friendly and very quick.  but why make the newest person on the team (and if he isn't the newest he is just the slowest) run the bread/start station?  There were clearly faster workers further down the line who would regularly go out to the dining room and clean up.  Also I stopped in for a 6 inch club to bring to work. No wait- no complaints. I'll be back. ITyAEjIw9ekv0wXpGHQF1Q Eat fresh? Not here. I had the tuna today and it was gross. Their salads are so plain. "Absolutely love this subway. Staff are nice and friendly. There has never a time I have been dissatisfied with their food and service. And they actually give you generous amounts of what ever you ask them Walked in here 5/9/16 at 8:30 and customer service was great by some young lady with glasses and some guy with a beard. This place was very clean and organized. To bad Jared Fogale fuck subway up. This place is great for eatin' cheap and a tasty slice of pizza."  if you're reading this: You're way better than pizza. Honestly  come for lunch.  I'm always a fan of pizza by the slice places  and melty cheese....  YUM!  Not like NY pie I'm sure I'll be back for a cheap quick lunch."  a good place to stop in for a quick slice for lunch." I LOVE this place! You can keep your corporate cookie cutter sub shops. Give me one that is family owned and recognize you when you come in!  crispy with some old fashioned over burns like I want it. It's clean and the clientele were all normal people just like me. The owner seemed to know people by name and by eating here I'm supporting the local economy and a small family owned business. Very affordable combos starting at around $5." This place has yummy pizza and salads! Haven't tried the subs but they look delish! You will not be disappointed :) Cheesy hot pizza by the slice made just for you! Friendly staff :) And yes . . . This place is definately on my return list." Sweetest counter owners/ladies. Best pizza. Fast friendly service. Just a little hole in the wall sort of place. Awesome food. Great cheap slices of pizza and subs. Not too greasy and a chewy crust.  it's certainly better than any pizza chain. And the service is always friendly! It's obvious that Phoenix House has been around for a reason. Even more impressive when you consider they are only open Monday though Friday from 10-4."  with TVs playing sports situated around the room. This is a good place to go for a pizza party with your baseball team. I ended up getting a large Pepperoni with black olives It is a fairly large restaurant.  The serving staff are all quite young.   They have always been friendly and attentive since the first time I went there. Their food is pretty good and plenty of it for reasonable prices. It is a larger restaurant than you'd expect.  Maybe that is why we went there and were seated right away there on a Friday night after finding a forty five minute wait at five other places.  It may not be a gourmet place but I can't complain.  It fills me up. Their pizza is good if you heat it up the next day.  it has an upbeat atmosphere and I have never had to wait for a table at this location.."  and minestrone soup. We were very happy with the delivery time and food. Would buy from again!" That is why they will be around long after the trendy PIzza places that surround them go out of business." This place is close to work and I'm sure we'll be back sometime soon." JN2qXIuDXnV2d8WnSqd28A  the last time I had it was over xmas break and it was still bangin so keep it up table near the corner.  Give it a try."  SONY is the place to go when I'm in Phoenix. Each friend or family member I've taken there falls in love with the pizza. I've been to just about every location  and it's obvious someone cares about how the product tastes. If the owner reads this- thumbs up.)" Be sure to look in those cheesy coupon packets that come in the mail - Streets of NY typically has good coupons which help. They're a tad expensive but so worth it. I think the 18"" Hawaiian (don't judge us) is $23." "I come to phoenix for business every three months and I have to say that I really do look forward to eating here. Sometimes i may order out or dine in Check out my gluten free blog too: www.GlutenFreeAZ.com" Seriously? Shut up. This place blows. Wouldn't last 4 minutes in NY. I'll bet the Vegas store doesn't last either.  This place insults the pizza. Last visit was over a year ago and I said I wouldnt go back.  Stopped in Friday as a last resort and was pleasantly surprised.  We just had a regular pepperoni pizza and some wings.  They must have changed something with their pizza because I don't remember it tasting that good.  The wings were excellent and perfectly cooked.  Also you can't beat a 25oz Blue Moon for $5.50.  we'll be back. The pizza was good the wings were not so great overall it was ok... JN2qXIuDXnV2d8WnSqd28A Highly Recommend this location to anyone!"  it had a lot of flavor and was rich.  My bf had their meatball sub which again was a huge portion and he liked it a lot.  Next time we come back we will have to try their pizza!  Great job and keeping up with the times Streets of NY!"  pizza was just ok. The manager stood next to the bar the entire time playing on his phone. I never plan to visit this location again and wouldn't recommend it to anyone!"  and really enjoyed it.  My friend had the Chicken Parm sandwich; she is from Long Island; and really loved the sandwich...My other friend tried the fried chicken; ""Broaster Chicken""; it was extremely good - I have a new fried chicken take out place."  no reason for praise or punishment for anything Streets of New York does. But that chicken? Worth it."  obviously frozen and processed swimming in some sauce that was as tick as ketchup with a taste to match. We waited a long time between refilled and when they asked how my food was I told them it was gross. She left it at the table and brought the check about ten minutes later. With the wings and ravioli included! We wont be going back...to any of this chain and I dont recommend it. If you want a NY slice and some yummy wings go to pats pizza plus. Its a dive half the price and twice as good." Seriously though I had better pizza at a gas station for 2 bux! You should be ashamed of yourself" I've yet to have anything at this place I'd consider sub-par or average. Not to mention the fact that the atmosphere is very soothing and quiet every time we've went." I can't speak to anything else on the menu. Their garlic knots This is a no-nonsense pizza delivery place.  Always relable and always good. I probably would have been better off waiting until Tuesday to visit Spinato's (which TRULY is good pizza) or went to the Groceries and bought a Digiorno pizza." It was my last evening in Phoenix on business and I just wanted to relax.  ordered a pizza for delivery and it arrived hot and it was very good.  Would recommend you try!  will be an option for days when I just don't feel like cooking or leaving the house." My name is Matthew and i Ordered 2 cheese pizzas w/extra sauce. Was excited I received an email couponcoupon for a $10 pizza. Went to pick it up on way from work...and after I had a discussion with some of the employees about the coupon and number of pizzas I was  allowed by the manager James to have it honored. The staff before him said I could only have one pizza. So James settles it which was cool of him. Then I get home find out I have 2 pizzas w/o pizza sauce and only cheese. So I guess the lady that took down my order over the phone was confused. Why would anyone want only xtra cheese and  no pizza sauce?So I call James back to let him know what happen and he agreed to credit my ATM card. So least to say dinner was ruined for my kids/family. Now we are off to my son's baseball game starving. I now will wait patiently for my refund to post on my bank account. Oh what fun! They just lost my business. NOT COOL!"  I ordered directly from the STNY website & clearly ordered delivery. You need to have a qualified programmer re-evaluate your online ordering system. For now About 7 years of service for me." JN2qXIuDXnV2d8WnSqd28A Best pizza in down town!  but dry and a bit crumbly (not sure why so many pizza places in AZ have this 'problem' - especially when claiming to be ""New York"" pizza). Of the places I've had pizza in Manhattan (mostly the Original Ray's  one comes to mind immediately: SLOW. Took several minutes for staff to notice my entry (the ""seat yourself"" sign was out). Took several more minutes to get menus and drink orders in. Took over 10 minutes to get the server's attention to place the order for appetizers and main course. Took another 15 minutes for appetizers and FIRST drink refills. Main course another 15 minutes later SANS ONE ENTRE  and spicy pepperoni slices. Definitely will call them again; looking forward to dining in too! The place is adorably traditional from the outside. More? Yes please!!!!"  may be the first time I've ever asked for my money back. Soggy The guy running the place was very friendly as well! That always adds a star in my book. I'll go back on my next trip to Phoenix." Sandwich tasted good but was a bit too salty."  definitely stop in and have lunch at this Streets location.  I've been to a few other locations throughout the valley but none of them measure up to the consistency This ""pizza snob"" will not be returning for these pies..." If I could I'd give zero stars! I ordered 2.5 hours ago and the food just barely got here. The pizza had been sitting out for so long it was barely Luke warm and the cheese had gotten a hard like plasticity feel and taste to it. With all the time they took to get here you'd think they could at least give me more then 1 packet of ketchup for my fries (asked for xtra). To top things off the driver was extremely rude and tried to step in my house to grab the food when I called his work to discuss his behavior. Very disappointed and will NEVER ORDER AGAIN! Oh and to top if off they gave me 79cent soda from frys for my coke that I paid 2.50 for. This place sucks and had I known I could post pics on here I would posted a picture of it. My good friend was with me who just happens to be a cook at a fine dining restaurant in the area and choose toaster strudels over the crap presented so rudely at my door! #7 (the best of everything) is about the best sandwich ever."  when our waitress finally did show up we were ready to order but she ask us if we wanted to put in a drink order?  Really???  So we did put in an order for 2 glasses of wine and asked for water as well.  About 10 minutes later we received our wine (very small pour indeed) and no water?  As we were waiting for our food order (I'll get to that train wreck in just a minute) we noticed that the other two occupied tables were having issues with their orders and all we could hear was the waitress consistently apologizing I ordered from this store this evening while General Manager Jimmy was on duty and my order was incorrect.  The french fries were not fresh and they neglected to send my 2nd order of macaroni salad.  I called to advise them of their error and was passed off to Jimmy who did not offer to compensate me for my trouble. He would be glad to send me what I paid for but would have to pay for my antipasto salad which i requested in place of my error in ordering the gluten free salad. This is the second time i have had a problem at this store.  This will be the last time i place an order with any Streets of New York. All in all.. we won't be back.. and I'll be sure to warn my friends.."  and cleanliness. The staff Jimmy and Austin were both friendly and helpful and customer oriented. The few times I've been in though the female servers were standing around chatting about their personal things loudly and not tending to tables as quickly as they should I will definitely be ordering from here again." "Decided to try a new place for pizza delivery ... And sorry I made that choice. Ordered a margarita pizza and kids mac and cheese. Dry - both the pizza and Mac and cheese. I might give it a try again and order something else but first The service was fast. The little bread appetizers was a plus. I liked their ranch and marinara sauce. I did not like the soup. The pizza was good. The people there are friendly. I need to remember to give a review every single time we go. Of all the times The search continues for an excellent central Phoenix pizza delivery spot!" We stopped in last night after driving around trying to find a place. Pizza was like microwaveable. We ordered appetizers first. We then ordered our meals which all came out separate. I ordered garlic bread with my pasta it came out 20 min before my dinner. Pasta was cold cheese wasn't even melted on top. Wings were good. Pizza was hard and yuck! Staff was ok. Never again!  was excellent. I also had a slice of pizza that wasn't bad. I would have thought that the manager (I assume) would have stepped in to speed up the service. All in all Worst place ever. Ordered once and got really old chicken and fries. Plus half of the order was missing. Driv4er came back with some very old fries. Decided to try them again one more time. Got my delivery and the order was completely wrong ( the chicken was dried out and very old AGAIN!). Tried contacting restaurant and corporate office regarding my experiences and they refuse to get back with me. Dont waste your money here. Their food is old and disgusting!!!!! "The pizza was very decent. The wings were gross. The sauce was weird and definitely not traditional hot wing sauce.  The wings were dry and overlooked.  Good service  don't even bother with ""special instructions"".... It won't happen. And also for the record the XL slices are not that big. A more accurate description would be a small to medium slice... In my case it didn't matter because my slices went into the trash."  the girl on the phone couldn't even tell us where our food was or when it would be here. Really? So is it coming or not coming..... To eat or not to eat .... That is the question."  ordered 2 half orders of sandwiches with 6 wings. Both orders of wings were burnt. Last time we eat wings there Pizza was very good !!  My son who live local recommended ! I would have rated higher but parking lot had no lights so when 2 women pickup pizza not totally comfortable . Plus all workers were dressed Goth and we really did not feel comfortable . But pizza was good .  he returned from the bathroom and we waited for more minutes. After being told to take a seat you think they would know we were there. An associate and what we can only guess was the manager on duty made eye contact with us and never came over. After 15 yrs I cannot support this kind of company. I won't be returning. We left I have a gluten intolerance and found this place on findmeglutenfree.com.  They have gluten-free items marked on the menu which makes ordering much easier for people like me. I shared a GF pizza and wings with my boyfriend which we both enjoyed.  He had the free garlic knots which he said were just OK.  it's nothing spectacular but they do have a great vegetarian pizza!"  but the service was extremely poor. Food took forever to come out. Taste was just fair. The server was understanding and apologized a few times and acknowledged that the kitchen staff has been extremely slow. Wings were cold. Definitely will not be returning." Food is really good but the service we got from our server tonight was awful we needed refills and had dirty plates on the table. At first we thought she was just slow because she's pregnant but it was because she was more interested in her cell phone.  and turkey and swiss on a croissant.  Yum!"  it took an hour. The food was cold. I had soggy French Toast. They had a container that was yellow like butter but looked like oil. The chai tea was lukewarm but tasted okay. The hash browns were shredded potatoes "We've been ordering from them for years. They also recognize my voice when I call and are always polite. I must say that they have some of the best food in town. The main cook "Came to this cool little place tucked into a medical plaza right on 7 street and the I-10. A friend of mine recommended it do I had to stop by. They have a pretty large menu for breakfast and lunch and they deliver as well but I just stopped in and had a ""steak and everything"" which is a Philly sandwich and man was it great. The bun was soft and fresh and the meat was flavorful. The menu was so large and there was so much I wanted to try Bottom line: Menu is expansive. Burger and fries were average. Delivery is fairly priced and quick." "I just revisited Bitter Creek after many years away.  It was a favorite of my parents for as long as I can remember.  I remember them raving about the Philly cheese steak on numerous occasions and was fortunate to enjoy it often as a child.  I just went back and was happy to see all of my childhood memories still intact on the menu AND MORE!  I took several co workers with me and all of them raved about the food on the way back to the office.  Im excited to see that the great restaurant where I could once only order a great cheese steak has a huge variety of must try entrees.  The staff was great Super clean restaurant with great healthy options.  2 cookies and a drink.  The order was ready when I arrived and the owner was pleasant and sincere.  I will definitely order from them again soon.  Maybe even today?  It's after lunch and I haven't eaten yet...." Was there 11/27 with a groupon. Ordered the Philly Cheese Steak. It was unremarkable. The meat was salty and tasteless. The cheese ended up adhered to the paper wrap. A good cook knowing his business would be aware of this issue. The bread was average. If it was not for the groupon they would have gotten the sandwhch back. I took most of it home and fed it to my dogs. In the world of food its real hard to screw things up when others do it right. For this reason I give it two thumbs down and a no to return dining. I would recomend this place." It's kind of hidden in an office complex.  Had it for lunch.  Chicken Caesar Salad.  It was good.  Chicken was fresh and cooked to perfection.  Husband had the Italian Sandwich and liked it except that the pepperocini was sliced up and put into the sandwich.  He prefers it on the side.  I would eat here again.  and the food is terrible. My three year old can make a better sandwich. Will never order again." Stopped in before a doctors visit and was very pleased. Victor is the new owner and he seems to be doing a wonderful job. I had a ham and green chile burrito that was delicious and was very affordable. Thanks for the wonderful food. Great food and great service! I had the Philly cheesesteak and it was really good. The owner offer up a side of chipotle Mayo that added a great kick! I'll be back for sure.  not Swedish. They were Umlaut-laden names so I got confused."  quiet place. It's always nice to dine-in and enjoy the quiet atmosphere and feel like you're not in the big city for a short time. It may be hard to spot the store in that little strip mall  and all agreed you can get a similar sandwich at grocery stores and preferred even the likes of Sack's to this place. There is just nothing inventive about the sandwiches or anything that stands out here other then the friendly Mom and Pop ownership and sweet vintage sign." UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew  the best service around and just being in there you can feel the love and tradition of a family owned and operated business." As I was eating I had a yen for a Celery Soda to go with this classic sandwich but I've only been able to get them at Chompie's in the valley.  There are loads of interesting European cookies to get packages of as dessert so grab a couple of friends when you go but carpool as the lot is smallish.  I guess they stopped giving pickles with sandwiches  especially because they carry Lutefisk."  you can get out of their unscathed for a mere ten bucks. it's community seating inside so be prepared to go cozy." PS in the summer time you can get a fresh squeezed 32 ounce lemonade for a dollar. It is FANTASTIC.  And the iced tea is delicious and always fresh." I'm getting hungry just thinking about the place!"  so you can start sorting things in your head.  The first time I went in I ordered whatever struck my fancy first  I have to stop in for lunch...or breakfast (tasty breakfast egg sandwiches). Cheese 'N Stuff is a real treat and never disappoints."  but the sandwiches make up for all of that."  and the atmosphere was really cool. Just wondering what the difference is between pickles and cucumbers in brine. (50 cents  a gazillion choices of sandwiches and the like (I suggest looking at their web page and narrowing down your choice before going in)  Reasonable prices Easily one of the best sandwich shops around. Family owned and operated for the last 60 years. A great selection of subs and sides and even a few imported goodies. If you like sandwiches you owe it to yourself to check it out.  they run out of Yoo-Hoo's half the time." Dam I wish I would have known this place was here sooner. Really good sandwiches. They use Boars Head meat which I am a huge fan of. They have so many different sandwiches it took me a while to figure out what I wanted. The menu is kinda all over the place. There is a menu board but its old and fadeed but they have white papers with all the sandwiches hung up all over the wall. The staff  are very friendly and I'm sure this place has many regulars. Inside its a tight squeeze with limited seating. The macaroni salad is great as is the potatoe salad. I love the sicilian sub. The italian dressing on it is so really good and I think thats why I like this sub so much. My other fav is the club on wheat. Oh yeah I think Ill go there agin today. Sanwhiches range from $5.95-6.95.  an excellent location on Central & Camelback (near Dutch Bros!) I can't wait to bring the hubby back for him to try." The lack of atmosphere doesn't bother me; my one gripe with this place is how early they close.  There have been many times I haven't gotten moving early enough and haven't been able to get there before they close NOTE: Parking is sparse. Park across the street near the Applebees." Don't think elegant dining if you plan to eat here.  The inside is just some tables with tablecloths and very limited seating (almost picnic table style)." Brie/ Boar's Head Turkey/ Lettuce/ Tomato on Sourdough Bread." I lived in the neighborhood for a good year before trying this place. Shame on me! This is mom and pop at it's finest. Great portions of high quality meat and yummy breads. Price is such a good deal for what you get and it's always super fast service. My man and I usually split one sandwich and side and are happy full when done. I love the selection of Boar's Head meats as well as I can't find them at the Fry's down the street.  is that they have more stuff than cheese. I was really hoping for more cheese. A more accurate name would be Stuff 'n Cheese. Please Definately worth a try if you like deli sandwiches on the go." "Felt like I was home in NJ/NY at a deli The food meh and made with what seemed like bagged bread. You can look at my photos to see what I got. I think they speak for themselves." Cheese and stuff might be the.cutest little sandwich place on the planet. I love the Blazin Chicken!  Sandwich's are always fresh and tasty!  everyone.  We always ordered Beer Wurst Sandwitches with their famous Cheese Spread.  Try A dough boy  when I saw this place with a big banner that read ""delicatessen"" I was immediately pissed that I didn't know it was there and bought a sandwich at AJ's  which is their ""most popular"" sandwich and I know why. It was excellent and I highly recommend the restaurant." I've been going to this place for over 25 years and it is still a WONDERFUL (family-owned) place to get a sandwich!!! UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew This is my favorite deli in the valley.  Whenever I am in central Phoenix I work my schedule around making sure that I get to eat here.  They remember my name and ask about how my family is doing even when it's been months since my last visit.  The fact that you can see pictures of generations of family working behind the counter in one place really should mean something when trying to figure out why you should eat here instead of subway or some other massive chain.  I always get the new yorker.  This is the place everyone craves in their community for lunch and it exists! I can't wait to come back and try the Turkonberry or the Wild Turkey sandwiches. Both sound amazing!" UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew  do it.  Hard to go wrong here and I've tried all of the sandwiches.  Very good value.   Call ahead or prepare for a wait.  Tight on seating.  I prefer it during off hours to avoid the masses.  Skip the national chains and try this place if you're not yet hooked." "You can drive by this place forever and not know they have the best sandwiches in Phoenix!!  All of the ingredients are super fresh.  Biting in the bread is like biting into a little heaven cloud.  So soft and delicious it's almost not fair that other places have to compete.  I'm not a big fan of deli sides (potato salad  nice bread with Boar's head Buffaloed chicken.  Yes I can't rave enough about this place! Try it "Change your name. I went to cheese 'n stuff to buy cheese and the choices were laughable. It's not even a cheese shop. If your interested in purchasing cheese go to Duck & Decanter *Quick service too.  Got in "Shame on me for not having known about this wonderful little gem.  We tried to have lunch on a Monday and the place was packed.  Too bad we were in a hurry or we would have stayed.  So on friday I stopped in later in the afternoon.  The place was quiet and the young gal behind the counter was sweet and helpful.  I ordered a sandwich and german potato salad to go and am very pleased.  The sandwich was a good size  but the price for that would have bumped well into a $$ rating."  and friendly people. I work around the corner. . I will definitely be back." Really into this spot. Reminds me of a classic NYC deli. Sandwiches are tasty and the space is cozy.  The service is really friendly.. I recommend the tall lean Texan. "I have driven by this place for close to 10 years and have never stopped in...but wanted to.  A few weeks ago I came by and ordered a turkey sandwich to go.  The staff is so friendly  I'm putting it on my regular rotation."  and miss east coast deli's "Y-U-M! I can't wait to go back to this little gem. Try the ""Tyler"" it was delicious. They have so many menu options  dining area a little tight but who cares. Portions are right on for the quality you get. This isn't a subway   but menu is hard to read. ..a bunch of pages posted on the wall.  I like that is family owned the Sicilian Sub is fantastic Subs are tasty but small and expensive! Potato salad didn't  taste yammi  for me! Place by itself tiny! Cheese n' Stuff is one of the best businesses in the Valley.  They deserve your patronage." "Not the easiest place to find and very small - best as a takeout sandwich shop - but THE best sandwiches. Reminds me of a Jewish deli in New York "Hands down best sandwich shop in Phoenix! The sweetest family owned business; been around for over 60 years Amazing sandwiches! Stan and his family rock. The menu is not traditional and that is what make this place unique and better! I always get the Tyler but I've  had every sandwich and they all are delicious. Been coming here for 12 years. The place is an old deli and the feeling is very homey!! Give them a try! It's worth it. A Phoenix original!! This place reminds me of the east coast mom and pop delis I grew up with. It has a huge selection of sandwiches and subs so there's definitely something for everybody. I'll go out of my way for a sandwich here. Definitely gonna be my regular spot for a quick delicious sandwich."  cheese and toppings combinations in the entire city of Phoenix. Over 1 million sandwiches served. Friendliest family owned staff and the patrons were just as amazing. The only place I will go for a sandwich now. Whatever sandwich you can imagine... they have it. Must visit." This place makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside- what's better than an old school family owned and operated deli that serves up high quality sandwiches at great prices. I have been coming here for years and will continue to do so for years to come! "The best deli in central phx! Stan and his daughter run the place and are making sandwiches everyday! They use boars head meat and cheese so you know it's going to be great! Try the Tyler or the doughboy I have been enjoying Cheese 'n Stuff for 45 years.  Every sandwich is just delicious.  the cole slaw is incredible.  The bread selection and rolls are fresh every time.  I very good selection of Cold drinks.  Christmas cookies are lucky if they last a week at my house. They make great sandwiches  customize.  The prices are reasonable  and staff friendly  Golden Rule and Stinkweed's parking lot) or prepare to fight for a spot in front of it."  unique grocery items and awesome people! Stan and Crystal are great and they have our order memorized. The Bizmark on Rye no cheese (stupid lactose intolerance) is amazing. Try to eat it at least once a week. my wife has been eating the #5 since she was a little girl!" Stopping in after Sweet Salvage with my husband and two friends we were both surprised and pleased with the wide selection of sandwiches and the excellent service. What a great way to cap off a day of shopping! "I lived on the East Coast (Rhode Island) for about 20 years and this place reminds me of the very best mom and pop deli's that seemed to be on every other corner. Wonderful good solid sandwiches and sides. What you see is what you get. Great quality "Forget your chains! Cheese and Stuff is the real deal! They've got the best sandwiches in town and Stan is a master craftsman! The Lebanon bologna sandwich is to die for  that's how much I love the stuff!  I stopped by Cheese 'n Stuff to find some nice wedges for a cheese plate.  The father daughter duo working the counter were seasoned pro's at working long line that forms around lunchtime.  I also ordered a sandwich for lunch and it was packed with meat and cheese I love cheese'n stuff. Any sandwich I've had here has been really good. You get treated like family here. Many sandwiches to choose from but my favorite is the dough boy. You can get a sandwich made to order as well. They also have a nice selection of meats and cheeses that can be purchased by the lb "I ordered the number 10 make it a meal that includes macaroni salad and a drink. I enjoyed my sub but the macaroni salad was a little sweet for my liking. Total can out to $9.04 which also included a glass of iced tea (that is delicious). I might be back UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew "Freshest Cold Cuts in Phoenix sandwiches and Subs made right unlike crappy chains... Friendly  I have been wanting to stop in and try it for a long time.  I could have saved the trip.  The first thing I noticed when I walked into the place was the smell.  Not sure if it was one of the food items One of the best in town.  Slower service but worth the wait.  A must for Uptown locals!"  fresh  and tasty meats and reasonable  price. Staff is friendly"  german potato salad and chips. Thats about it. One of the deli cases actually just had chips in it. The shelves had a few boxes of little cookies from other countries but was otherwise their back stock of coke and water. 3 long community tables with fold out chairs were about all that fit in this small place. Its on its 67th anniversary and totally looks like it. Staff was nice...ish. We were the only people in there and when we walked in neither the younger lady or the older man said anything til we said Hi. Then Pretty Good.  Nice little dive along Camelback.  The Pale ale was desent... i tried the other beers and some were better than others.  As far as the food i tried the southwest soup that was Excellent and a chicken salad that was fresh.  Also there was a very eclectic crowd when i went there.  I had to order another bowl to take home (it was great right outta the refrig!" Fresh and locally brewed beer and bar food. Not expensive. It is a pretty good local place to hang out! Happy hour prices are good too.  but I'll choose it over a culinary adventure almost anyday!"  I'd probably be a regular for beers and Kobe burgers." But what matters is the beer and the porter and cream ale are both splendid if a bit  too sharp initially.  The server are pleasant and the place has a small  and you'll have fun conversations. They staff actually know their beers and have strong opinions. And they're just as friendly as the drinkers. And you can actually talk to them without shouting over music that's way too loud (hear that  but my boyfriend loves micro brews and the food here is always fresh and very good.  I like trying their daily specials which I have never been disappointed with or I get the fish and chips or the Shepperd's pie.  For an appetizer try the green chile artichoke dip it is to die for:)  The service is also always very good."  the Kobe beef burger is awesome. I did order the steak and shrimp here once and it was very good as well. This is one of my favorite places to do day drinking when I get the chance. The outdoor patio in the middle should be very nice to sit at and enjoy one of their finely crafted brews in the next couple of months. The mural on the back is awesome too."  that's just what I wanted to top off what had become a very bland and unenthusiastic experience." Nice looking place ... food wasn't bad ... just something I didn't like ... not sure what ... sorry for the horrible review.  and with my brother after ASU (he's an alum) lost to Oregon are the first that come to mind. The classic rock and the atmosphere and the beer (don't forget the beer) seem to breath new life into me during such trying circumstances. I guess just by being a pillar of originality in the desert."  at least the steak fries and beer are good. My advice? Go a block east to Rosie McCaffrey's and actually have a good time worth remembering."  was surprisingly quiet given its proximity to the road.  It was just the right noise level for either eaves dropping or reading.  The food all smelled really pretty good as far as bar food goes and the nacho plate we milked for an hour and a half was made with real cheese.  The beers were also pretty decent and  I can make out faint notes of Janis Joplin or the Doors. I'm told that the patio speakers are as loud as they can get. Too bad."  which had to have been the best burger I have ever had.  Others in my party that night got the onion rings  some good and some not so good. I like hoppy beers but their  IPA was waaaay too hoppy for my tastes.   I didn't eat anything this time but the menu offerings looked fine.  I would like to try the Kobe burger Sonora is a place we will likely come back to. It has a good vibe." Sunday and Monday's are $3.00 pint nights with the purchase of the logo glass so I intend to put it to good use. Great way to kick-off the week!" I love this spot for happy hour. The beer prices are great as well as select apps. I am very fond of just about any stout or porter that sonora brews as far as the others I can't say. I have friends that like some of the other selections they have. A decent micro is hard to find in the southwest but this guy has been at it for a while and does a good job. The food has always been good. They have your typical bar menu as well as some better food choices. The patio is great as well. I have also found the service to be no worse than good!  Phoenix and the state of AZ as whole still haven't made a huge splash with microbrews.  Four Peaks certainly gives us a spot on the map and hopefully Sonora Brewhouse will garner some attention too 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag "Main reason to go to Sonora - the Kobe burger!  By far the best burger in town.  I usually go for lunch since its close to my office and have never been disappointed by the food.  Great service P.S. BEST ONION RINGS IN TOWN!"  enough said: I've been going here often (perhaps too often) for years for a good reason." "Atmosphere is wonderful. Outside patio dining with powerful misters. 70's / 80's music pumped in for effect. Staff is very friendly  awesome!  Who doesn't enjoy a good brewery really?  It is rather small so if you are looking to go somewhere quiet and intimate this isn't the place.  If you want good beer and good bar food with good friends and friendly staff then you are good to go.  I am a fan of their Hefeweizen and they have the best onion rings in town!  I hear they are known for their Kobe beef burgers and homemade root beer.  I can attest to the root beer  we were there for the hand crafted bier!  Will definitely return whenever in Phoenix." There were a lot of other options on the menu that sounded like they might be on the ""delicious"" side. If you are like us  it didn't get better.  The food was meh...service was not so great (there were moments of ""is she ever coming back???"").  I'd say  local restaurants but this place is all wrong. Plus the staff doesn't seem to care much for their jobs so they must not care much for good tips!"  and desert is their bread pudding (takes 2 to eat it).  I compliment my meal with what ever is in the cask for the evening and finish with their IPA (it's a good balanced IPA for IPA fans).  For more of a desert finish  I was also enticed by the fact that they were offering a Happy Hour from 3-6 even on a Sunday (it seemed that most places here in AZ don't offer Happy Hour Specials on Sunday).  I was slightly disappointed when I found out that it wasn't a real happy hour I will be going back again and again for their great beer."  the place is alright. I hope there are better offerings in the area. But if not If you like IPAs...this is the place to go.  The cask IPA is a mouthful of heaven."  and compliments the other establishments popping up around Central and Camelback very nicely. Unfortunately  so I'd rather round up to four. This place isn't a three-star joint Good stuff.  Haven't had too much of the food.  Onion rings are delicious.  All beers delicious.  Good joint to grab a growler for the drive home...I mean for when you get home.  but when it takes 25 min to order it in the first place and another 20 to get it I don't care how good it is. At that point I'm never coming back. Add to that the loudmouthed waitress bantering with one of the cooks about the ""dirty Mexican girls"" he's brought in there (its a small place and she yelled it from across the room) its safe to say I'll never step foot in there again. The service and the staff were inexcusable on to the food. i tasted my sisters fish and chips and the homemade chips were soggy from the fish. the halibut was delicious although sister had to pull off all the breading  but the rest of their beers had no body at all.  I was very disappopinted.  Atmosphere was very lame for a Thursday night."  great food and great beer. The cask conditioned beer is wonderful as are the fish and chips." "Hum...me likes cold beer...the beer here is NOT cold!! Food is ok  but you need to go back to the drawing board and create some good  but bring plenty of friends -- the place can be empty on a Saturday afternoon. It's also a worthy addition to your light-rail pub crawl anyways..they added Sweet Potato fries to the menu and they were pretty good. they crinkle cut them..i think it adds more to the experience."  but should. The beer is excellent and the service was top notch. Really I would give this place a 4 1/2. Boyfriend and I both had burgers It's an alright place if you're not going for the beer." (disclaimer in no way am I saying that because she was blond it made her bad - it is the only way for me to identify the waitress It shouldn't be this hard to find a place that wants to sell me something  I would like to come back for a few beers and food.  I would also like to do the brewery tour."  the waitress took an exceptionally long time to return our cards and receipts to us.  My companion saw she was just standing around in the back not doing anything.  The place was pretty empty  the cask conditioned and strong ales change regularly. Recently they had 4 different kinds of IPA. Central Phoenix highlight - must visit. Order off of the chalk board - seasonal ales are the highlight here."  but also remembered what kind of dressing I liked on the side to dip my fries in!  THAT'S personalized service!  Five stars I still wish I could find 3 Floyd's on tap out here. Maybe even Crooked Tree IPA- those are still my favorites  and hopefully you can get a taste of the Risky Red while it lasts."  brewery vibe. I wish they'd do a little something more with the patio but overall no complaints. My husband is super picky about beers and really likes SunUp so I guess they're good. It's perfect for a bars-on-bikes stop when you're looking for something casual and good old fashioned fat kid bar food."  I'll go back for the awesome beer and maybe just a simple cheeseburger."  but I feel that that's understandable. There is always a great special beer on tap that I become a fan of and then am saddened when the keg is emptied. And....I finally found great food here! It took me a while I would probably go back one more time and give them another whirl." "I had there light rail creme ale BBQ chicken wings and to beer& what else to wash it down accept the light rail creme ale brew. That is def my fave light beer. The wings were flavorful  Justin ordered the IPA? i think and I got their Vanilla stout. They were all delicious. My stout was especially good as the vanilla taste was merely a mild hint which gave it a great background flavor and left a lingering sweetness that was refreshing rather than sickeningly fruity/sweet. It was a classic stout whose femme-y name belies it's body and drinkability; certainly not a lady drink imo. My compatriots order the light rail cream ale wings and i order the ""beer bread"" w/ queso dip. The appetizers were  but I'm not expecting much. I love the cozy patio and great beer. Support local breweries and come here. As long as you stick to the beer  sadly disappointed. No one helped us when we walked in (they weren't busy) and our server kept forgetting about us to chat with dudes at the bar. When she messed up on our food she wasn't very graceful about it... and we still had to pay full price. It also took almost two hours  I love coming to SunUp. Always a good experience." They do have a kids menu but it is not published. The beer is good. There are football games on the TV. The burgers are huge. The pulled pork sandwich is good. Also  buy a growler and get it filled with your favorite beer." Order off the chalf-board for seasonals and freshest beers.  Best craft-ale in Phoenix & gives Four Peaks a run for best in Valley. Awesome patio & tap room in the back.  Very good food and well priced. Not much to complain about the beer I also like the ambiance of the place. Cool setup in the brewers' den and the funky patio in between the brewers den and the main bar area. For giggles don't forget to check out the murals on the patio wall and also on the back wall of the parking area." Tucked away at Camelback & 3rd is the Sun Up Brewing Company. Armed with a need for some food & adult beverage we made our way inside this cozy pub packed with people. With all the great dishes on the menu it was very hard to choose. But when we finally did the food was great (not your regular pub fare) and all the beers were wonderful...especially the Vanilla Porter. I will definitely be back for another round of food and drinks!  hit up Papago or Four Peaks instead and save your money (and beer belly) for something tastier!" I guess because our group was more than 10 people so there was one order that was taking forever to arrive 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag A nice brewhouse in central Phoenix if you aren't in the mood for driving out to one of the Four Peaks." Great Burgers. Great staff.... Great ambiance.... Great beer "SunUp Brewing Co has the PERFECT french fries.  They are the perfect blend of crispy and soft batter fried yummy goodness.  For this alone they deserve 4 stars.  In addition to the fries  this is one of the best breweries in AZ The service was great and there's plenty of space 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag  the Green Chile Pork is amazing and my Mom refuses to order anything other than Beer Battered Fish & Chips." "Like it but kinda miss the old Sonoran Brew Pub that used to be here.  Solid pub food.  It is a good pick when Rosie's is just too crowded and you want a place that is a (little) quieter.  The back patio is great when you have a mess of drunken friends that want to get together and don't want or can't censor their conersations.  The staff is nice  if you are avoiding SunUp because you remember that there used to be something called  the Sonora Brewhouse in that same space.... You're in luck!! The brewmaster "If you like craft beer this is your place.  Quench the heat here  I have only had the nachos and they were average/tasty.  The waitresses are always friendly and helpful.  The restaurant is comfortable and they also have a nice out door patio.  The beer sampler is a good way to start your beer quest!" The SunUp Brewing Co.. I have wanted to come here for a bit really friendly staff. But I come to a brewery for good beer and did not find it here.The Sampler was ok I ended up enjoying one beer there called the cherry bomb it's a 9.6% bomb of goodness I could see it not being a session beer way too easy to drink.  but not outstanding. The hummus was the best I've ever had. And I'm not a huge hummus lover.. just able to tolerate it. However  it was ok but not really great. It is the type of beer that never seems to have quite enough of something..... just a little off of good. Better than some others I have had though."  I ordered wine.  But the food here was so surpirsingly good that I am still writing a review.  I ordered the crispy shrimp tacos  especially the bison burger! The prices are slightly steeper than most other breweries I've dined at in the area "Barleywine!  Finally!  We've missed you....one growler  and reuben sandwhiches.  It all looked amazing.  Now i'm going to be in a food coma for the rest of the afternoon but it's ok i'm a happy camper!  :)" "Still loving the food!  The crispy shrimp taco's are my fav.  The shrimp are huge For the beer... I'll be back." I have been going to this establishment for years and I still love it. The food is fair bar type food. Although they have changed ownership and brew masters they still make good beer. I have to say though the former brew master had a wider array of beer and was a better brew master. The new brew master is really good at IPA's which is good for him since they are what is in demand at this time. I so miss your pot belly porter and your midnight porter. The atmosphere is relaxed and it's a bit brighter inside than I expected."  beer is well done...service just needs to be more friendly...one guy had a dirty mouth on him  it was a great first experience!"  I love the buffalo burger. Mostly though I go for the beer. There is a ton of seating inside and out and the service is usually prompt and efficient." "Cool place! The beer we tried was good my fav was the hefeweizen. The green chili pork with tortillas was really good and I have been back many times for it. The food prices are good and the burgers are good  try Sun Up - you won't be disappointed."  too.  My roasted turkey sandwich was very tasty and he enjoyed the IPA pulled pork.  My wife had the green chile burger last week and she said it was nice and satisfying.  Great place to stop for a beer and some food in central Phoenix.  The place is smaller and has a cozy feel." I came here for a first date with some one and just missed happy hour.But i did like this place and enjoyed their beer!!I wish i could have tasted  the vanilla porter but the were out.Will return soon!!  great music! Brought our 1 1/2 year old for dinner. Loud enough so it downs him out but not too loud. Thoroughly enjoyed ourselves  but Four Peaks steals my heart!" 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag  several good interpretations of standard beer types.  The food (steak wrap) was very tasty as well.  The only problem is that the the waitress decided to take her sweet time waiting on us in the patio area which left for a very hungry Vanilla porter and root beer pretty tasty. Rest of the beers below par.  For the price food wasn't that great either. Wouldn't come back here again "I went there today for lunch if not thinking about being saint patrick's day.  The place was fairly busy but Mollie made room for us for us to bar.  The patrons were friendly it was a nice atmosphere.  My friend had pulled pork sandwich which he always likes and I had the fish and chips.  At $14.00 the fish is a little expensive but was served with a nice size piece of fish and the good serving of fries.  The breading on the fish is a little thick but has a nice taste and I would happily have it again.  It was a good lunch I would come here again to sample more of the beer and for dessert or a Happy Hour-priced appetizer but not for lunch or dinner again."  relaxed and welcoming. I really liked the set up of this place. It was comforting and cozy. We ordered the sampler and were content. The Stout really stood out. I wish they bottled. Well next time in AZ for Spring Training." 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag  the salad tasted exactly like the prepackaged southwestern salad you can get at the supermarket.  I'm not all together sure that they didn't just give me the salad straight from the bag." "Cool Brewery!  Cruising down the street a little brewery popped out of nowhere.  It was a hot afternoon and a nice cold local brewed beer sounded like it would hit the spot.  Stopped in and right away I felt at home.  The waitress had a huge smile and greeted us and let us know we could sit anywhere we wanted  but probably not surprisingly it was incredibly salty. I'm not sure it's possible for a sandwich of smoked salmon and sauerkraut not to be salty but I was only able to eat half  if you are with a group they don't seem to like splitting checks so having cash is best."  very good. Husband had the shrimp slider which were very good. Service is very chill Would definitely suggest the Camelback Club I'm looking forward to going back to try something else from the beer selection."  finely crafted beer! Good food and friendly staff." Good pub food and tasty beer. Try the garlic Parmesan fries! "Very happy that there is a local brewery in walking distance of my new house. Can't believe more people don't go to this place. The atmosphere and beer are amazing "2nd favorite brewpub in AZ after Oak Creek in Sedona. Very solid  the wraps are tasty and the Buffalo Burger is one of my favorites. Oh.. not to forget that the Green Chili Pork is awesome as well. If you have never been.. go now. I mean..just get in your car..or on your Vespa..or hop the light rail..or ride the bus..I don't care..just get there. If you like craft beer and good food. GO!" "Cute little brewing company with yummy food and good beers. Not your typical brewery We stumbled upon SunUp after visiting the Herd w/ friends from Philly.  They know and love good food and beers like we do  we will probably go back some time." Came here on saturday before a diamond backs game.  My friend and I sat outside and ordered the beer sampler...we essentially tried every beer on tap.  I was very impressed with the cherry wheat beer as it had a really good balance.  I would definitely come back...easy to get to from downtown using the light rail...The only negative was that they seemed slightly under staffed and service at times was slow.  January and Jamie are the best!  Any beer on Casket is the best!  Great place to meet the locals too!"  each only did a section of the table but service was very bad. From our three drinks ordered Average beer... Great food.  and plenty of choices. Their brewer is out of town but we still enjoyed all the great beer they had to offer. The food was good pub fare and the root beer was some of the best I've ever tasted. Inside is cozy I would personally never come back here for food.  Maybe just some beers."  but you could also tell they keep their lines and tap really clean. All I tasted was beer; it was served in a slightly chilled glass. Thanks I didn't try the food." "Sunup usually has some great ales on CASK! Which are still somewhat hard to find in the valley. Their food selection is very good Keep up the good work SunUp!"  so I found the selection was ample enough to satisfy my beer wanderlust. The atmosphere was my favorite element of SunUp... it seems to be a great gathering place and yet it is intimate enough to serve as a decent place to take a date. Even better if your date digs beer It was a cool evening and we sat on the patio. The only downside was that there was not enough heaters to make it enjoyable.   Overall it was a good place to hang out with some friends."  and secondly because it just seems like a cool place to hang out. The main thing that kept them from another star was the awful smell in the ladies room. My hubby said it was even worse in the mens. Gross. I hope it is not a permanent thing." 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag  I have yet to eat at SunUp.  I just really like that this is a nice place to kick back and have a cold one.  The services is consistently quick and friendly Only thing that would make this place better is cushy patio chairs and bikinis."  but nothing I would go out of my way for."  because I haven't had the balls to order it. I found another gem on the menu called the parmesan fries. Holy lord! Very good. The wings were also solid. Still no hefe on tap- hopefully they'll bring back that gold goodness soon. Hint hint!" "so glad Yelp led us here on our way home to CA. Shared the Classic Reuben and kettle chips plus bread pudding with whiskey sauce for dessert; very good! I chose Amber Ale to dink then tried pub tastes of Oatmeal Stout and Vanilla Porter.  The Amber was by far the best tasting. I love dark beers "I wanted to drop by and do my part to support our local brewing establishment. I'm glad I did. Always an interesting selection of beers with the occasional cask condition variety. Bottom line  but the root beer float was the best thing I had even if I only got one scoop of ice cream...last time was the last time." Sun Up runs a lot of specials like Chili dog Monday (Chili dog and beer for $6)  but it won't do you much good. They don't seem to update it ever - so its useless to see what they might have on cask  I tried it and didn't like it. No big deal. I was ready to try something else. That was before she completely ignored our table for 20 mins. She seemed like she was more interested in cleaning and talking to some guys at the bar. When she finally brought our bill we paid and didn't leave a tip  but I encourage those who like craft beer to check it out. You may find something you like."  the service was extremely disappointing. I understand that with coupons at restaurants servers don't always get tipped on the price before discount. I used to be a server and restaurant manager and have seen that happen a lot. The server was very robotic and not friendly at all. She set down our drinks and food like we were in her way and troubling her. The appetizers were fair for pub food. The pretzels were pretty tasty actually! We really enjoyed the beer sampler that we each got as well! My favorites were the hefeweizen and vanilla porter. Everyone else that worked there seemed very pleasant and friendly except our server. We most likely wont be going there again due to the service. Hopefully the 40% tip that my boyfriend left will help get that server's attitude turned around towards future diners!" Had an amber ale and a Kobe beef burger.  Both were delicious!  This place has a great atmosphere and the staff were very friendly.  This place will definitely be on my regulars list.  which was definitely good and packed to the brim. The others in my group enjoyed the chicken tenders  the Mac & cheese with green chiles - both delicious! Accompanied by the heifeweisen for a very satisfying lunch."  but it is perfect for lunch in the nicer weather."  calamari and pretzel bites were also good.  The cheese for the pretzels was gross.  The best items were the green chile artichoke dip and the home brewed rootbeer." I'll definitely try this place again in hopes that they rotate their beer selection and include some seasonal offerings."  we showed up needing two things: (1) something to eat; and (2) a cold beer. We found them both at the SunUp Brewing Company. The menu is primarily pub food - burgers  then what is there to do? Very disappointed in their service. Ps I've bartended before and never seen someone grab the ticket and then dunk it on top of the drink they have going out.  I witnessed this time and time again. She would grab and hold the ticket Me and my friends checked this place out because of a Groupon which got us a flight and logo pint glass. The location is kind of obscure being not in the greatest of Camelback areas but the brewery itself is very nice. We had some nice outside seating and ordered only beer and apps. The little food we tried was great and definitely going to go back for dinner soon. The beers I enjoyed the most were the Amber and the Vanilla Porter. They also had a seasonal Stout that was also surprisingly delicious. Great for a nice dinner with craft beer. Cask drawn IPA.....good stuff! The food here was fantastic and so was the service!  and the waitress was very friendly. They do a great burger and chips. The root beer is worth a try 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag Rescinded comment as this place did themselves in on my last visit. Only came in for beer sampler flight. Prompt service from friendly bartender.  Really nice cream ale and vanilla porter.  I hate IPAs and even sort of liked theirs. Nachos were ok. Their chicken strips & onion ring are horrible too much beer breading. They said their mac&cheese with green chili's was great - ugh sorry it was not. Maybe go with a sandwich or burger and have better luck." 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag The service was super friendly. Very good food and beer. Thanks to SunUp Brewing Company Guys just quit the stupid beer games and sell pints.  .."  it has grown so much over the last couple of years. SunUp is right in the middle of it all. With a wonderful selection of beers brewed right on property its really hard to go wrong. If you not sure which one to get you can always try a sampler and pick any 4. The food is really good as well  the seasonal brews were pretty good. They had a cask red ipa with simcoe and cascade hops that I found delicious.  The bar service was good.  The wings were decent Wings were flavorful and plentiful. Lots of good flavor with just the right amount of heat. The turkey burger was decent but could have used a little more flavor." Servers are all really friendly. There's plenty of parking and the patio is nicely shaded. Lots of indoor seating as well if you want to enjoy the AC. I wouldn't mind stopping in again."  I come to find out the owner is crazy for yelpers! So if you don't minda smaller size bar and a not too bad central location Best brewery I've been to in the United States! I like the fact that there was a wide variety of beer. Something for everybody. But it was also some of the best beer  but I enjoyed them all.  My fav was the Lightrail Cream Amber!   A must try in Phoenix!!" "I worked down the block from this joint for years and kept forgetting to stop by the place until I briefly spoke with Uwe at another beer event and was inspired by his jolly nature to get my ass in there and try his beer.  My expectations weren't high for the place overall We have driven past this place several times. We never really drink so breweries are never high on our list to visit.  The inside is very very nice and inviting. the staff very friendly and fairly quick service.  we arrived at an off time between lunch and dinner and saw how quickly the place started to fill up as we finished are dinners.  we had the light rail cream ale and the vanilla porter.  pretty good.  the prices were really good as well. Seems like it would be a great place to hang out with friends.  also very clean.  we will be back again soon Service was great. Loved the BlackBerry Pear Cider. The seasonal double IPA was delicious too. Wait for special guest Black Pat and your time will be amazeballs. The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly." IbMuFKwVk2uCX4fKTsKtfA "I'll start off by saying Sun Up had amazing food and great beer. The problem lies with the horrible service. There were open tables that needed to be cleaned which caused a bottleneck at the door. We sat at a high top in the bar area and were completely neglected by the bar tender/waitress. We watched tables that sat down at least 20 minutes after us get there food first. We flagged down a waitress to get a status on our food and were told our food takes longer to cook (burger and shrimp tacos)  which are brewed in house and they had all the answers and knew what they were talking about. I am a craft brewer too and was testing them with some of my questions and they were spot on with the answers. I will 100% be back there in the future! Awesome beer and food!" I recommend ordering the wings and a seasonal beer. Sit at the bar and chat up January or Emily. I don't think you'll regret it... I almost forgot Mollie is awesome." I'm sure I'll go back to give it another try  and at least I have the proof I need. *** See note above: This situation has been satisfactorily resolved and the dispute cancelled with my bank." Stopped for the first time today. Quaint little brewpub. Very friendly and evident this place has a local following. Great happy hour prices on appetizers. Beer was ok... Average is a good word for it... I would  truly recommend SunUp if for nothing else  the folks there and the customers were so nice . The food and beer is amazing.   Top that off with a killer wait staff and bartender Jeannette!  The husband and I love this place!!! "This place is so good!!! Their seasonal beers are bomb and my favorite dish Is the grilled shrimp taco! Great service I had the pretzels which were tasty. Other food looked really good. Will definitely be going back again." 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag Cheers! And come try if you haven't already I won't be going back.  I""ve worked in the restaurant business before for 4 years.  Never has any restaurant I've eaten at or worked for not went out of their way to make up for an error on their part.  No free beer on the house The food was really good - especially for brewery/bar fare. I went with the chicken ceasar wrap and my coworker went with the green chili dip. Both were great I love this spot. There is an awesome living social deal going on right now too. The seasonal pale ale they have right now is amazing. The wings are so good. I got the honey hot. I'm going back again this week. I am also considering having my next birthday in the adjacent brew house. So much better than my last visit. Service was awesome and so was there food. I'm glad I gave this place another chance I will definitely come back to eat here again. My wife and I really enjoyed our lunch at the anniversary party and had a decent band. I would like to see some more variety with their crafted beers   Had half of my aunts philly steak and it was delicious.  Stuck with the seasonal beer all night and it was really smooth and really good.  overall  friendly service. Love their bread pudding :). Definitely check 'em out! We come down as often as we can ... it's our fav hang out :)"  the pasta was over cooked. The sauce was more like a butter sauce and hardly resembled red pepper anything. The green chili mac led me to the same disappointment  the hummus plate was a meal in itself.   The menu looks to have something for just about everyone.  My burger was cooked to order and very tasty as was the cole slaw.  We didn't have the fries or onion rings  I heard they have a new manager so I went back to try out. Service is great now." Atmosphere: Good.  I like the beer garden." I'm looking for solid drinkable beer at great prices with a friendly staff and a simple but satisfying menu.  And hey  don't waste your time here. The cask conditioned IPA tastes like dish water. Food was average. Meh."  let me reiterate that this is one of those times that I wish there were half stars in the rating system.  It is definitely better than a 3 but I am not quite ready to give it a 4.  I do have to say that it really all comes down to the purpose of your visit here.  Its a brewery.  As a brewery it was so fun and we really enjoyed our server  which by the way is awesome! Our server Chris was even more awesome. We had so much fun sipping our brews & sharing great stories & experiences. We would def recommend. Ask for Chris!" The large variety of beer that is brewed onsite was also very good!" "We stopped in to pick up a growler for the Super Bowl.  The beer was good (we had their amber) but the service was downright surly.   Especially for a brewery "Been awhile since we've been here but still top notch beer. I think the food has gone down a little though Came here for Sunday beers. Local atmosphere. We could tell there were a lot of regulars there. The waitress could have been a little more friendly. I got the 4 sampler of beers because they had too many IPAs to chose from and my boyfriend had the triple IPA. Beers were good. We also ordered the chili fries for $6. We were expecting something a little larger but they're were very tasty and worth the $6. My only issue is the bathrooms. Definitely could use a little air freshener or two.  poor food. Came here on a Sunday for happy hour the calamari I ordered was cold and it took me twenty minutes to get my beer. When I reminded our waitress she said oh I think she's changing the keg.. Okay that's fine but I would like to be told that before all my other friends have their drinks and I'm just waiting. Won't be back here." "This is a must-stop for every craft brew fan visiting Phoenix.  Located near downtown in a small lot. Broad spectrum of brews including several cask brews and firkin draws. Great menu and friendly  although what really disappointed me and my guests was the service. Our server seemed to really want to be somewhere else the entire time. She was not friendly Whenever I know I'm going to be in the area I always have my growler ready for a pour. I've been twice and don't remember anything about the food to blow your mind away but their beers are tasty!  with a group of 8.  We were a little put off by how small the establishment was. Then they guided us to another building that they opened early to accommodate our large group. Chris our waiter/bartender was amazing. He gave us amazing suggestions and tasters without us asking. All the food we ordered was great. We really enjoyed the bourbon barrel aged porter. Happy hour is from 3-6 and all appetizers are $5! We will be back!"  a bit slow but had an enjoyable visit and seeing the onsite brew side was a cool plus!"  and chicken buffet with a private bar. My guests were very satisfied with the food. The craft beer is a plus too! ;)" "Unbelievably HORRIBLE service.  Never again!!  My husband and I have been to this restaurant twice now within a few years.  Our first experience was ruined by a very rude waitress.  We stayed away from the place.  Recently we thought we would give it another go.  We were greeted warmly by the bartender and asked to seat ourselves.  It was early evening The cherry hef and the vanilla porter were A-ok.  Were they my favorite? No. Were they bad? Not at all.  Would I consider buying this stuff in a pony keg for our place? probably not.  They have a decent happy hour in which if we were close by I would rather stop here than going to a place like hazelwoods or dillys deli.  But since St.Francis is across the street I would personally choose them over this.  Had a manmosa yesterday for my bday which was awesome thats probably one drink I would definitely stop in for.  is the truly bad customer service. I don't care if you make minimum wage or six figures; if your job is to take orders and serve people I thought I should have 2 paragraphs Finding good food and beer on tap in Phoenix is not difficult.  Finding great grinds and great brew is why I'm writing this review. I'm an IPA drinker by nature and this place did not disappoint. Check out the Sweet & Spicy BBQ Pork Sandwich with melted cheddar cheese on a honey roll.  Mmmmm good.  bring drinks and our bill.  All of this with only 6 people in the restaurant and 4 wait staff.  Will give them one more chance." I really only go to a brewery for beer but this place was so unpretentious and welcoming I'll drink whatever they bring me." Ignore the 'wait to be seated' sign and grab a table or head to the outside patio. Love love this place. If you come in fairly often (1-2 times a month like me) they remember your meal and drink preferences.   Service is always spot on and I've never had a bad meal here. Wish they'd bring back the salmon Reuben though. That was my addiction!! Bottom line:  I believe I'll go back to have an Ale and shoot the breeze I recommend coming here for their green chili I would definitely go back and if you live in this area and are into craft beer you must make this a regular stop."  but i know i will finally dive in and order it at some point." "SunUp was a great stop on my beer hop thru Arizona.  If I lived nearby this would probably be my spot.  Other breweries I visited also had good beer but something about this place was really cool and enjoyable.  I felt really comfortable here.  The parking was plentiful  but like the rest of the menu overpriced. We went for happy hour and ordered bruschetta ($5 on HH) and nachos ($8 no meat). The bruschetta looked and tasted like they dumped pasta sauce on bread and the $8 nachos was really small! Probably 10 tortilla chips.  Hope they realize their errors before they lose the rest of their customers.  Can't afford to feed my man on those prices..."  but the chilli cheese fries lacked the essential component. ..chilli! There was barely any on the fries  and sometimes I have so much fun I catch a mighty buzz from day drinking. While I wish that Uwe guy would bust out with more imperial reds and coffee stouts more often Great Porter selection for the beer drinker who has taste. Great food as well. Excellent for happy hours too!  but I think it's worth it. It's a smaller place and not quite as noisy as some of the breweries in the area can be. I would definitely recommend it!"  non-chain spots like SunUp.  This place has really good service & craft beers." "Great place to enjoy lunch with a brew...or two...or 4. Had the Trooper Pulled Pork sandwich with Mac and Cheese. Their Mac and Cheese is EXCELLENT with three different cheeses and smoky flavor.  Wife had a homemade veggie burger with grilled onions and Chipotle mayo. She got hers with kettle chips. Try a sample of beer while you are here as one choice seems to never be enough here! Always with a rotating selection Just had the most fabulous dinner. The entrees were spectacular. Had the salmon. 13 dollars what a steel the flavor was incredible.  The mushroom soup was to die for.  Had the flight of beers. Talk about flavor.  My favorite being the muscles from Brussels. Best beer I have ever had.  Traveled all over Europe including Prague and this one by far beats all of the others hands down.  Service was fast and the waitress was very nice and friendly.  This is my new weekly hangout. Loved it!!!  always try to support small AZ based business. You'll feel better about yourself when your head hits the pillow...." .Ended up here again and the beet was not as rewarding as usual for me but the food was solid.  I can't imagine coming here and not having the mac and cheese on my plate!  and a friendly staff do the job for me."  but the mac n cheese tasted like creamy beer with no cheese taste. It wasn't noted that it was beer mac n cheese either. My friend ordered a salad which she said wasn't worth the price and was mediocre. Our appetizer (artichoke dip) was great but was very small for the price. Unfortunately we both left hungry. Our waitress was nice but it was clear she was ready to go home. We won't be returning. ):"  not the wired mayonnaise mixed with cheese bullshit. Otherwise we love the shit out of this place."  with the exception of their fries - they were spot on.  It just kind of has a feel like it's someone's hobby rather than passion if that makes sense.  There are some amazing breweries here in the area so the competition is incredibly stiff "The food is great. Love the burger and the shepherds pie is amazing!  Beers rotate frequently. Today is an amazing bourbon aged barley wine  if you pull into the first driveway it's the brewery building with brew kettles in it.  You can park here and walk over or turn right back onto Camelback and go into the main restaurant parking area." "Great local pub.  Beers are fresh and perfectly presented.  Try the cask varieties for the ultimate craft experience.  Green chili pork with tortillas rocks.  This is a place to sit down  and I'll update my review afterwards. Maybe Nikki was just having a bad day."  she said she had a booth or we could sit across the patio at the other bar. We chose to try to sit at the other bar. There was an open table so we sat there. After awhile the bar tender/waiter said we might be better off sitting back at the other building as he didn't know when he could take our order. He did have a big table but o guess getting someone to help him wasn't an option. So back to the other side of the restaurant we went. The sign says to wait to be seated so we stood at the sign waiting......and waiting.....several waitresses walked by us and didn't even look at us or acknowledge us. We divided to leave and took our business elsewhere." This is my favorite neighborhood brewery. Order a beer flight. Find your favorite or perhaps just a new favorite. I'm partial to the cask ales. Oh and the house burger never disappoints. And don't forget to order a growler to take home your favorite brew. The beers here were really good. The vanilla porter and hefe were my favorite. Enjoyed the patio. The food menu could had more options but was good. Id go back for beer mostly. So much better tonight! Mary Sue was our server and she was great. Nice sense of humor and played along with our jokes. The food was great as was the beer. Very friendly and accommodating and the beer sampler option was very cool. Thanks for upping your game!  as well as multiple vegetarian options. Trivia on Monday nights is a lot of fun Overall the experience was fine for what it is....a brewery with bar food and it tasted fine.  It won't be the place you want to take your out of town friends to impress them  she didn't know there was a desert menu ! My drink was empty the entire time . My husband hates his food but didn't want to say something because he knew it would take forever to get our food ! We kept asking for a beer we ordered but never received . We still never got the beer even after we asked another waitress but were charged for it ! I'm speechless !"  on the road. We get inside and we find a a row of old men drinking with no music on in the main bar area. This contributes to the odd factor. We go outside and order our food. From that point on the ambiance changed dramatically. I ordered my usual chicken tenders and fries and it came to me perfectly. I was shocked to say the least. I was NOT expecting that. SunUp became great. The fries stacked up to many other top fry producers in my opinion. My milk was refreshing as well. SunUp is a local bar. There is no doubt about that. SunUp was still a good time and I would recommend it to others." I would not seek the place out but would not turn down an offer to go again." Beer is good. Food is good. Atmosphere is good. Need to know more? Think I am I liar? Try it for yourself.  is there great service. I wish I still remembered our server's name because she definitely deserves positive feed back. She was fun I'd go again to give it another chance perhaps it was just an off night...but I wouldn't go out of my way to get there."  she was available without  being annoying. Great way to try beers and have a small snack on the patio. I would recommend outside seating."  but the beers and food made up for it. Their food is pretty good and the Parmesan fries are awesome. They could use another server or two on a Saturday afternoon with a full bar though."  really liked the vanilla porter.  Food was good as well.  Our server was Jeanette Fantastic club sandwich and great beer - I am now a believer."  beer was great and food was good too. Our waitress was good and after checking on us several time At the end I was thanked for coming in. I recommend this place if you are a beer drinker. They have a large list of options."  the food was ok. Nothing special on  at least the lunch menu that would make me go back. The atmosphere was a laid back local brewery which I did like very much. My kind of spot "We come here often and always have great service. The beers are often rotated and the quality of the beers are unmistakably good. The food is phenomenal as well Quaint little place! Beer was good especially the White Russian which was the bomb the other 3 beers in my flight were also good. Didn't try the food since I can't eat and drink at the same time! Will definitely go back! Tell me. When was the last time you got good fish and garlic chips with slaw at a gay friendly place with one of the patrons in high heels? Oh and the horizon Hefeweizen is goodness? Enough said.  we liked Great Dane's. It's a little old gem and I'm sure we'll visit it again whenever we're feeling naughty and craving wieners! HOT DOGS YOU PERVS! Go check it out. You'll see what I mean." This is a small establishment and at times can be kind of crowded and other times there isn't but one customer." FW2Z4ll4zSOEDAJX9-wBZA  juiciness on the inside. The tuna salad-stuffed tomato was also tasty as was the potato salad. Nothing cut tinge edge or creative here - just good I've been coming here for about 15-20 years.  I used to alternate between here and Mr. Mort's until Mr. Mort died.  Now I eat all my hot dogs here.  Hildy is just the best.  The dogs are authentic (and I am from Chicago).  My health concious kids will only eat the turkey sandwiches which are not bad.  I've had the Italian beef several times and it is excellent.  The fries are cooked just right.    My only criticism would be that the drinks are loaded with crushed ice.  I think you can get free refills but I have always been too embarrassed to ask.  The outdoor seating (3 tables) is dog friendly too! FW2Z4ll4zSOEDAJX9-wBZA FW2Z4ll4zSOEDAJX9-wBZA Yummy hot dogs. Love the potato salad! The highlight of the visit is Maria and Nancy  nothing special. No reason to return. Rude and poor value." We're heading out this weekend to celebrate her birthday.  Great Dane's is the fare of the day!    Happy Birthday Small and family owned and always has people in there so they must be doing something right!!! Would always keep them in mind if your in the area and need good cheap quick food!!"  you know the ones.  This is an authentic unpretentious joint that deserves your business.  Great to take the kids to and like I said the prices are very fair They have awesome Foot Long Hot Dogs!"  my hat is off to Great Dane's for doing what my mother and grandmother were never able to do: eat a hot dog and enjoy it!" For now though it's a decent place to get a hot dog I love their daily lunch special 2 Hot Dogs Food is prepared by a husband and wife that take great pride in what they o"  and Great Dane's is the perfect place for a hot dog fix.  The interior leaves much to be desired  made to order with many choices. Love this central PHX favorite. Hate that it makes you add extra text to post. This is a great little place clean and yummy." I was in and out in less than 20 minutes and spent less than $7.  Nice place to pop into if you want to go old school for a change."  the girl working the counter was more interested in having a conversation with her girlfriend that was there waiting on food. The conversation was totally inappropriate and forced us to eat outside. They only have a few hot dogs to choose from and there's nothing special about them. My boyfriend ordered the coney cheese dog and they served him a short fat dog with cheese sauce all over the bun and a side of watery meat sauce. It looked terrible and they ended up remaking it with the appropriate dog and the meat and cheese in the bun rather than all on the outside of it. I had higher expectations from this place and will not be going back  sausage.  The don't over do it with the toppings so enjoy it all.."  and raised the prices. He will eventually save himself out if a business. Poor value The potato salad is the old-fashioned mayo kind like mom used to make. If it ain't broke  just good enough to fill an empty stomach. Somehow it was just average but definitely good stuff."  Sonic has better tasting hotdogs and buns. Also his lemonade offered with special (says machine is broken  And the toppings are extremely good as well.  The restaurant might seem a little ghetto but it is well worth going to."  thinking I wouldn't notice.  Talk about ruining a good sandwich!  What a disappointment!  I used to go here for years when I was a kid. Not like it used to be...or maybe it was a lazy staff in the back.  Could have just gotten some new bread & new meat." "Good hole in the wall place.  Friendly staff and clean surroundings.  Excellent chili dogs.  Would come back to support local business.  Really wished they offered Coke products "It's one of those days- wandering aimlessly looking for a simple quick lunch that's not ""fast food"". Spotted this little place as I drove by and thought I'd give it a try. Went simple since this is my first time and got the 2 hotdog special. They were really good. So were the fries that came with. Staff are really nice. I will come back to try their other dogs!" "I live within walking distance and find myself here a couple times a month! I keep my hot dog basic (ketchup & red onion) but the chili dog is good They also usually have nice lunch specials as well. Like today for example the special was 2 hotdogs with French fries or chips and a 16oz drink for 5.99$ very reasonable for quality beef hot dogs with a proper hotdog bun. Everything is always made fresh so you can always call in your order ahead of time if you don't want to wait. All in all its a fun clean friendly place give them a try."  I'm not from Chicago but I try to get CHI dogs anywhere I can. The Great Dane is an excellent offering when you are in Uptown Phoenix. The service has always been friendly and the food right on the mark."  and the lady at the counter is as sweet as could be. Super glad I skipped the trendy place down the street in favor of grabbing lunch here!" Great food great specials great service. The Italian beef is awesome and so is the fish sandwich Ordered the tuna sandwich for lunch with a side of potato salad. Both tasted really fresh.  and enjoy your meal amongst the sun-faded pictures of dogs on the walls. No TV's and Arizona Gold oldies radio is always playing. Thanks for keeping it real fries and a drink for around 6 bucks.  The dogs can be steamed or grilled depending on your preferences.  Usually I get kraut and mustard.  The photos are a good representation if you decide to do a dog with everything!  There menu also consists of a variety of other food items FW2Z4ll4zSOEDAJX9-wBZA Wanted a hot dog before heading out to a Spring Training game.  We refuse to go to Chicago Hamburger Company even though it is close to our house so headed here after a bit of a  search.  Husband's hot dog was good & my polish dog was good.  Came back a week later because I remember seeing  a pastrami sandwich on the menu.  OMG - the pastrami was great!  Potato salad is also a hit.  Husband got a Chicago dog this time.  Less than $12.00 for my pastrami & his Chicago dog and drink and the food was good.  They also open at 10:00 for those of us that have early lunches.  There are also quite a few other things on the menu that I would like to try if I can bring myself to not order that wonderful pastrami sandwich.  Menu has a good variety and the staff was also friendly both times we were in. "I'm Great Dane's new neighbor across the street at Xavier Home. I can't figure out what's better I've been coming here for over 18 years now!  Never disappointed! This place has been here since 1978ish - pretty sure it's all original decor from day one and that's what makes it unique- food is always good and the iced tea is excellent. The gals that work there are wonderful.  so it's hot and fresh. The Bulldog hotdog is the bomb! All sandwiches and hotdogs come with a side I'm a member of an exclusive Hot Dog club and we visit great establishments every month. This has just been selected as our home restaurant and so for what it's worth pickle wedge and other stuff u can pick i got everything minus sauerkraut. My wife got the other daily special which was the italian sausage sandwich both were $5.99 a piece. It was good but they could have cut the sausage in slices instead of cutting it in half length wise. the casing makes it difficult to eat. That's the only real negative on the food. The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is it was hot in there! Not a fan of eating somewhere thats as hot as my food. Overall nice place friendly staff and food cooked to order. We highly recommend it!"  I don't know if it's all the time  which they did not apply obviously since my bill was almost $16.00 and they were cursing and were rude and were complaining about how they did not have time to mess around because they had a party platter order they had to prepare. Very disappointing  but for the most part the rest of the staff is pretty good. The food is how can you say I love Subway and not all of them still have the seafood salad. This one does and that's the only sandwich I get and I get it often so it's nice when  I'm remembered. I just wish they had a frequent visit card.  is so rude it's pathetic. It's not the costumers fault your life decisions ended you up at subway." I'm glad that Subway has stuck around."  and get your order right every time. One of their employees during the lunch shift seems to keep it all together. He manages the other employees well  Go right at 11 or after 12:30 to avoid the crazy lunch rush."  this one is better than most than I have been to. I frequent this Subway quite often as it is the closest Subway to my office. The candor from the ""sandwich artists"" is always refreshing. You can tell most of them actually enjoy their jobs. Once I found a piece of plastic in my sandwich. You know when you open a bag of turkey and the edges of the bag are all tough to break open? A sliver of that ended up in my sandwich. The manager was quick to act and ended up making it a non-issue for me. I appreciated how he took charge and took care of it. Just another reason why I go back."  sit down and BAM! In my sandwich is a HUGE grasshopper just jammed in there with the head popping out! I didn't freak out outwardly just calmly walked over to the cashier and showed her my sandwich. She joked that it's just a ""little extra protein"" but would make me a new sandwich. News flash...this is AMERICA  and the sandwiches are very good.  Not your plain The place is pretty good for escaping a bad day.  You can sit upstairs with your sandwich and a book and sip iced tea until you're ready to go out and face the world again.  I also went on a pretty reasonable date there once.  We sat outside on the upper porch and talked until the place was closing."  and if you go during the lunch hour any day of the week (including weekends) No worries - The Duck is always good."  though the lunch line can be a little menacing (don't expect a quick meal)." This is a great place to grab a handmade sandwitch and snoop threw the store while you wait!"  but that's probably best since I would be here all the time for a sammie and some wine come happy hour. Is it 4 pm yet?" "I have been coming here since I was a little kid.  I have always loved Duck and Decanter... can't believe it has taken me this long to write a review.    I usually always get the same thing... albacore tuna on ciabatta bread with avocado and sharp cheddar.  It is the best!  This time I decided to try something new... I got one of their specialty sandwiches called the Genoa.  It had Genoa salami   artisanal cheeses and more! I was amused that they take your lunch order on a brown bag and put your lunch in it. Had an excellent roast beef sandwich and sat out front (note for summer: they only have outdoor seating). Clean -They do not deliver." This is an awesome lunch stop for those on a budget and they happen to stock a respectable beer selection to boot.  Mmmm They also have the BEST horseradish in the world.  If you like hot  but I nice place to  eat."  and the sometimes ""airy"" staff behind the counters.  But all in all though we had a great time and will definitely be going again soon." A note to those parking here. The spots for customers is between the office building and the parking structure just south of the building." The cheese plate will leave you speechless along with a great vino."  and we all ordered drinks from the supremely affable bartender. There's probably 100 different types of beers/wines here...I didn't have time to browse all the gourmet groceries...it was an ideal marriage of tasty food and atmosphere this last day of April. I guess I'll go inside next time I'm here; it's about to get so hot! Edit: they tell me they have misters too The location is a bit hidden and the patios somewhat awkward. Parking is disappointing. But this is compared to the pre-freeway  it had a strange taste to it - like it was watery or something. the pickle was not very good either. if this review were just for the sandwich it would be four stars. the lackluster potato salad and pickle aren't enough to stop me from coming back to the duck to savor the wide variety of other treats this place has to offer The Duck will forever be a place I like to enjoy sitting outside with either an iced tea or a glass of wine with friends n  family and nosh on some yummy food."  this in it self is kind of unusual as I can more than likely wait until the end of the day before I have to eat. Plus the fact I have enough fat on me to last a few months I would not be starving to death any time soon if I missed a meal or three. So I asked Bruce  today that changed.  I had the brie/prosciutto sandwich and I the fiesta salad. Both were great and I thought a great price for what you got.  The sandwich was very big. The salad was huge with a huge scoop of chili and a lot of avocado.  Very This is not a place for those individuals looking for a fancy dancy sandwich. This is a place to have fun And if you can figure out what city the place reminds you of  hearty bread and I love that pine nuts are in the veggie. One of the best lunch spots ever!" Sitting outside at night with a wonderful sandwich in this strangely out of place shop is an opportunity not to be missed.  But take care to go there when you have some time to really savor the place.  Like the wine I still have been here many times and will come back.  I like the atmosphere here and makes me feel like I'm not in Phoenix.  I recommend this place  best in the valley...but prices are still too high!  Yet  sandwich shop and gathering of just plain great folks. Oh yeah and Beverly Kidd was great fun to be with and eat with.. she also seemed to like the Chocolate Surprise cake I got for her.... opppss was that suppose to be kept quite?" Overall four stars.  Pretty good happy hour specials and a nice setting.  Bet this would be a pretty great place to go in the evenings when it's a tad warmer." When I am in town again I want to return to try another yumfest sandwich. I love em!!" HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A I am so happy to go someplace and get EXACTLY what i want and order.  Cucumbers?  Sure!  Many and fresh.  Avocado?  Sure!  Lots and fresh.  Turkey?  Lots and fresh.  Iced tea?  Which flavor?  And a pickle and a mint in the bag.  Super. jOs47GO0b7iPsbYZe-lLSQ Friendly staff and an interesting selection of gourmet items Nice place to catch up with your girlfriends over glasses (and more glasses) of wine. Patio Platter on the Patio...must I say more?  must either beat the lunch crowd or postpone your visit until after the lunch hour This is not your average place to grab a bite to eat--highly recommend!!" The service was very friendly but I took a long while to get our sandwiches.  There must have been a large order ahead of us or something because there weren't many people in the place.  I couldn't imagine going here on a weekday during the  lunch rush because the line would likely be out the door and would take forever to get your food.  Luckily for me I went on a hot Sunday afternoon." It is a very unique place and I have never had a bad experience." They also have good fresh pastas you can get for sides and cake and pie slices for desert." "Have enjoyed this spot for years but what has happened to Camelback store? Sandwiches and friendly staff still good as ever but during two-three visits over past year Excellent sandwiches.  Avocado on toasted sourdough was the best.  Must have had two whole avocados on the sandwich! My overall recommendation: just go across the parking lot to Einstein's."  prompt service. Clean tables. Great atmosphere!  The only real problem is your wallet is going to be much """The Duck"" has been a regular haunt for me as long as I can remember. Even as a child I loved going to the Duck & Decanter. The sandwiches are absolutely delish as well as original. If you're not feeling adventurous though  call ahead and place an order to pick up because it can get pretty busy during lunch time. They also deliver!" I love this place so much. Delicious and fun to be at.  I will and eat some where else first."  cuter restaurant.  It holds a lot of tcotchkes and imported items.  The sandwiches are pricey but delicious and come with a pickle.  Worth a visit.  (the downtown location doesn't have nearly as much charm)  Stick with ordered custom sandwiches and not the sandwich trays which are just your typical roast beef HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A  it doesn't. I can make the same sandwiches are home. Honestly.. they're pretty standard. Way overpriced and the gift shop is so crammed with stuff it's overwhelming and annoying." I can't forget the nice wine menu here as well.  What a great place to go on the weekends and relax." Cheese lovers delight!!!"  to handmade cards and organic rices. Great place overall and I just can't wait to introduce someone to it so they can enjoy it as much as I have."  but there were a ton of veggies. I didn't feel like I was gipped at all. Most sandwich places will give you the flattest sandwich possible. But this one was large and in charge. I got full half way through and still ate the whole thing because of how good it tasted. I think the value for a sandwich like this is just about the same as every other sandwich shop I have had that has a vegetarian option. It was $7  you'll get a tasty sandwich and the upstairs area is a nice quiet place to talk with your friends during a meal.  If you're looking for a bargain Comeon...get over yourself D&D." I am partial to the swiss cheese because I have not been able to find cheese like that anywhere else  perfect for a luncheon with friends. The iced coffee is good and so are their sandwiches." Tasty local grub. Not cheap but fresh and delicious. "I have such mixed flippie floppie feelings for D&D. I absolutely LOVE the selection of loose teas (black currant is number one good). The market area has a ton of neat little knickknacks When I go I usually order the Avacado Sandwich or the Briesciutto."  that place needs a serious dusting. Yuck." Toast the bread and shoot the breeze for a great experience!"  check out the cool (unique!) stuff they carry!  A great place to pick up souveniers for visitors or a gift for a friend.  The patio (in nice weather) is very nice with wonderful mature trees I cant wait to go back!"  and you can sit either outside or upstairs if you want to 'dine-in'."  the sandwiches are not cheap and they don't give you much for your $."  it didn't last very long and wasn't nearly as good as it was in the restaurant."  but this one is better.  That one caters more to those that need something to go quickly!" I have been here a ton of times and the sandwiches are always great. The have a lovely little market as well and the patio is the best. On Sunday afternoons they have live music on the patio. I stopped by here for the Local First event and it was really impressive!  There was a beer tasting going on on the patio of the bar and samples of cheese and tea provided for free."  so we couldn't also get lunch on the spot and had to go elsewhere for a full meal. I like this event as a way to try food samples and explore potential places to visit in the future."  but I'm sure its good too. I know this place has been around for a long time and I have no idea what it tasted like before Tuna pita pockets are the best. Great place for food!!!!! I've never been disappointed here. "Went here for a friends birthday. They have a nice outside patio. That you can reserve. Great options for sandwiches & wine. I absolutely love these types of places where it's a deli but also a great little shop with crazy jams  it was awkward and a bit uncomfortable inside.  There is no flow.  The dry goods were exceptionally overpriced ($5.39 for a box of Carr's crackers?!).  I decided to order a little lunch and explore.  There is no love lost between customers and employees here.  I ordered a sandwich and the order taker assumed I was done.  I then asked for a side and he offered if I would like a drink.  He provided me with a large styrofoam cup.  If I hadn't already explored the interior before ordering  so be sure to check the hours before you stop by."  some deli meat and some dijon mustard at any grocery store and make a comparable sandwich?  I am a long time Phoenix resident  an eclectic wine offering and top-notch service make this place my new favorite Valley staple. Great for events! Keep them in mind for your baby shower/bar mitzvah/engagement party etc."  but did so with a sad heart. Everything looked wonderful. My friend and I had a great lunch and leisurely talked for hours. No wait staff came to give us dirty looks or cleared our plates as we took our last bites. It was a good experience and I will definitely come again. Next time I will eat some sweets I have been coming to the Duck for over 20 years and highly recommend it. Watch out for the weekly lunch rush though. It gets extremely busy and problematic if you have somewhere to be." "The cheese selection is very large and reasonably priced for the kinds of cheese available. That is not to say that duck and decanter is cheap. I prefer the staff at the north central location over this location. Duck and Decanter almost has a monopoly on unique cheeses ENJOY EVERYONE!!!!!!!" Duck and Decanter is truly a great place to get a great quality sandwich and spend some quality time with the family." "I love the happy hour on Fridays with live music. Usually take friends here and always have a great time. Very well staffed  you should definitely stop by Duck & Decanter. This is one of the best sandwich places in Phoenix!" This place had me grinning ear to ear like a fool.  Makes me happy and i can't wait to go back!" Food quality was ok - the bread was nothing to write home about (and is that not what makes a sammie?) - veggies were fresh and deli meat was meh.  Sorry - I wanted to love it -"  had more great sandwiches.  It's so easy to get a really layered and yummy vegetarian sandwich with great side treats.  And the meat-a-tarians in the family loved their sandwiches too!" This is no ordinary deli. My mom and my grandfather & I used to have lunch here all the time when I was a little girl. I'm glad to see that it's still the same and just as good as I remember it to be. It has a certain homey feeling to it. The sandwiches are amazing! The smoked turkey is still my favorite.  The outside patio is the best place to enjoy your lunch when the weather is lovely.  This is a real Phoenix treasure. You need to try it. Enough said. "This is one of the best places to get a deli sandwich. They are nice and piled high on the freshest bread. You get to choose what goes on your sandwich. There are a lot of side items to choose from as well like potato salad   we will give it another shot.  I want to buy some goodies in there."  as well as a generous helping of salad also with a dill pickle on the side and a taffy in a brown paper bag. Totaling a little over $4.50. Then I made my way over to the bar area and got a 12oz craft beer for their happy hour special of $3.00. So I basically got a generous quality lunch that left me stuffed and satisfied for $8.41 total. I was very impressed with everything and very much look forward to going back and eating there again." "It's sort of sad to live in Arizona your whole life and then out of nowhere get asked to meet someone at ""duck and decanter"" and... Not knowing what they're talking about. I'm pretty sure my friends almost disowned me when they found out I was a ""duck and decanter VIRGIN!"" Yeah yeah. I came here on a Sunday and instantly fell in love with all the knickknacks and large variety of rootbeer. This place is now a staple when I want to meet someone in that area of town. Oh Veggie Sandwich = Vegetarian heaven!  SO fresh and I actually ate the entire sandwich and that is RARE!  Tea is fresh and I loved everything about this place!  one of my new favorites! One of my favorite places now!  Excellent albacore tuna and a wonderful selection of wine. Could offer high end wines at a more appealing price and may sell more  looks like mostly local companies. I bought a bottle jalapeno and onion barbecue sauce which turned out to be delicious. I'd like to think I'll do some of my shopping here if I ever get around to cooking my own food."  don't forget to sign up on their website for the kids club - the kids get to pick an item out of the Treasure Chest on each visit.  Just another cheap little trinket to step on late at night or get lost in the couch "Last time I visited Duck & Decanter I was very disappointed. I have been visiting this place since high school and it has always been great but for some reason this time everything was off. My sandwich bread was hard and inedible We found another new go-to-spot for lunch!" Really Fresh ingredients. I went with the Duckling which had a very unique but pleasantly great taste. I will absolutely go back. There are too many places in this area to mess up that bad on a simple sandwich order to go back and try it again." This is a wonderful deli. It's the only place I've found that has edible gluten-free bread. The food is always delicious and the staff gives good small town friendly service. They truly appreciate their customers and take pride in their work. There are several more options that are fantastic but too many to name. Come check this place out and sit upstairs to see some local art or come on in when they have live music (Fridays I think). This is a great place to take out of towners."  and a great deli counter selection! They have a wine cellar with a great selection (not a HUGE selection) of hand picked great wine. Seating is outdoor  I love you too. I was just trying to be a big man in front of my friends. Your sandwiches are great."  the name is unusual. The restaurant is tucked away and has trees surrounding the building. It almost feels like you're away from Arizona. The place is set up like a deli but also like a small store and a coffee bar and an art gallery and a patio space...super unique. I love the selection of foods and beverages. Ordering is simple (that is when you know what you want) and you have a chance to browse through the aisles as you wait for your order. They also have a loft space upstairs to enjoy your food but there's seating downstairs and outside on multiple patios. Perfect place for a weekday lunch or a brunch with your friends." "Food was good but won't be going there again. My friend and I had our 3 little kids with us (two of them only a year old). The babies were a bit fussy but not being out of control  imported treats and gift ideas I find in the little shop. You can't go wrong with the Duck "I was very shocked to see that my review from yesterday had been hidden! What is the point of this website if people can't write their opinion? Obviously whoever is in charge of this restaurant's yelp site didn't want people to see how POORLY my children and I were treated at this establishment. A friend of mine and our 3 little boys (two of them babies) came into eat yesterday when a manager came to us and told us we needed to quiet it down. It was quite ridiculous and offensive  but friends tell me that the beer selection is also stellar. Staff is always friendly. Can't wait for the summer to be over and to enjoy a leisurely afternoon on their patio again." My favorite sandwich in the world. Been eating here since I was 2 and I will never get tired or sick of it. Duck and decanter holds a special place in my heart. There is nothing bad about this place :). Omg this place is so cute I love it so much. There place makes me feel like I'm out at California in the red woods or something eating amazing sandwiches. I had there ham egg and cheese sandwich was like the best ever I so am coming back I love it love it love it.  enjoy music on the patio as you nosh and share a drink. Highly recommend the roast beef on marble rye or any of their pocket pitas."  but the Duck's overall mellow environment somehow soothes me to the point that I find myself actually enjoying the presence of the mini-humans. And if I enjoy anywhere enough to actually consider motherhood  live music...add a glass of wine and it's casual and super relaxed :-)" This place has the best sandwiches. And they've been consistently great every time I have eaten here in the past 25 years.  vegetation or flowers. Felt like we were sitting on a concrete slab in the shopping center parking lot.  Also looked a bit trashy with several dirty tables left unattended. Ambiance a big Zero.  After about 25 mins of waiting outside at the table the rest of my party came out with brown paper bags and drink cups.  In that amount of time we could of had a fabulous sit down and served lunch at one of the many great cafs in the neighborhood. They said it was busy ordering the food and only two persons working behind the line taking orders.  On a busy Sunday afternoon this is unacceptable. I ordered a BLT on sourdough bread with a side of coleslaw.  For almost $8.00 per sandwich they could afford to be a little less chinsy with them. The sourdough bread was just cheap white bread that you can buy at the grocery for 99 cents per loaf.  There were exactly 2 slices of over cooked bacon with a piece of brown wilted lettuce on mayo.  The only ingredient they were generous with was the whole tomato that was sliced and piled on the sandwich to make it appear that it was a heartier sandwich.  I didn't order a big fat tomato and mayo sandwich. Shame on you Duck and Decenter.  My side of coleslaw was practically inedible.  Coleslaw swimming in watered down slaw sauce (more like mayonnaise and warm milk) was not at all tasty.  Another person in my party ordered an over priced spinach salad with barely any spinach.  She never told them when ordering yo hold the spinach. Really people!!!! Also she had to wait another 25 mins to get her ice tea because she was told that they had run out. Couldn't they have told her when she ordered it and let her make a different drink choice.  While eating our less than acceptable meal a man was playing the guitar and singing.  He sounded okay but his volume was way way to loud. We literally could not even coo in ate with each other being at least 50 feet away from him.  This total experience at the Duck and Decanter left a bitter taste in my mouth and not just from the awful food. We will never be back.  They can keep their lousy service  so loud and somewhat abrasive when the singer talked to the audience. I couldn't hear or talk to the person sitting right next to me.   This was the 29th and a Sunday brunch.  Disappointed  it made up in taste! This tightly rolled burrito was bursting with flavor and the crispy delicious bacon was a constant exclamation point throughout the burrito. Easily one of my top 3 best breakfast burritos I have ever had. Ever. I look forward to grinding through another one of those bad-boys out on that awesome patio in the near near future." HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A  but I really can't wait to go back and try it again.  Once I've had the option to try other things and get a better feel for the place  the outdoor space was very family friendly and multi-generational. If you're in the neighborhood check it out!"  which was delicious and satisfying. We liked the shop inside and had fun looking at everything and smelling the different teas and coffees sold there. I also really liked how they were pet friendly with biscuits and water bowls outside. We cannot wait to go back!" Great place for lunch!  There is a cool market with wines and foods that are a true treat.  This place is old Phoenix but still hitting it out of the park for lunch.  I would love to come back off of the clock to have wine and access tot ehir menu off the cloce.  I look forward to my next trip back. I've only had lunch here but now that Pugize's is closed this is the only place I order a sandwich! It's veggies seem more fresh and crisp and as always the meats are great! I love their selection of tea. In the winter I love to sit outside. They have a very nice patio. This is just a nice place to have lunch!  one visit does not make a complete story.  Heat does crazy things to people and it was a CRAZY hot day.  Overall  the wine bar/pub area is kind of a locals secret getaway with a huge wine cellar and some tasty beers on tap--especially during fall patio time.  If you're ready for a sandwich that is a cut above your standard deli chain  it is classic Phoenix! The sandwiches are artfully made to your exact specifications and I love how you can taste every ingredient in every bite. That is their standard of tasty quality! My fave is Where's the Beef with a portion of turkey Was a bummer to see that my hot food was microwaved in front of me.  Aside from that their cold sandwiches and wraps are tasty  the selection and service is wonderful!"  and great food too.  The Mexicana coffee here is my personal favorite.  Breakfast burritos are good too.  This location seems to have a lot of competition in the area (McDonalds Very delicious sandwich. Great Wine Collection and they have live music on the weekends. I will definitely be back. Oh - and they put your sandwich in a bag that has ""the nooner"" printed on it.  Ha.  Nooner." Love the honey glazed ham pocket sandwich. It's a must try. They also have a great selection of teas to choose from. I personally love the cherry and blueberry.  but you can order ahead for pickup.  Its great to see this valley gem thrive and still stay true to its roots as long as it has.  Hopefully Randy's family will continue the business long enough for me to take my own kids here one day." HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A  regular sandwich prices around around 7-8 (still cheap) So far I've had the honey ham on sourdough and the mini genoa salami sandwhich. The sourdough bread here is super soft and wonderful with a nice chewy crust. Defintely recommend it!"  everyone is in the holiday spirit and couldn't ask for a better time. In my opinion they have one of the best reuben's in town." Highly recommend to all!"  I moved and am now super close! Now I can go all the time! They have free wifi that works fast! Coffee drinks I still need to try and lots to look at while waiting for my sandwich. What sandwich is my favorite? The Hot One! It has succulent shredded beef and horse radish. I give them 5 quacks! (Or stars). Love the Duck!" Yep this Duck & Decanter is becoming a favorite of mine. I'm sure I'll be back in no time." HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A One of my favorites! Every time I land in Phoenix I head straight to the place. Smokey Forest Ham on Croissant #todiefor Honest sandwiches with fresh ingredients. The duck sandwich with spring salad was fantastic. There is a lovely patio and plenty of indoor seating as well. The price is a bit high for a sandwich though.  lettuce and cheese. The cheese and bread were quite good and everything else was average. The amount of ham/meat compared to the amount of every other ingredients was sub-par.  All in all Stopped by to try it out after hearing about it from a friend. I tried the Trail Blazer on a wheat wrap with turkey. I was excited by the trail mix and it didn't disappoint. I usually hate cream cheese but I loved this wrap! Definitely would recommend the variety of teas they have i got the Pomegranate Mojito tea that they had ready and it s perfect for this hot day. The best made order sandwiches in town. My personal favorite is albacore on multigrain bread. Delicious food and drinks. This place is always busy so it takes a while to get your food. But it's worth the wait. The Avocado sandwich is yummy for my fellow vegetarians! They also have a gluten free bread option. And you can have as many pickle spears as you'd like which I Iove! The tea selection is great too! HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A Great sandwiches and lots of choices for the iced tea enthusiast. My favorite sandwich is the tuna albacore on dark rye. Delicious! Also: Patio is dog friendly." "One of my favorite places in the whole city. The prices are a little high This place is awesome! One Hell of a sandwich shop...... Not scared to pile the meat high.... And all the free pickle spears that you can eat..... I reached my breaking point and called asking to speak with a manager. I gave her an in-depth explanation of the situation just as mentioned above and asked if it'd be possible to be refunded for today's food and was told that she'd need to look more seriously into the matter and call me back the next day to let me know what she'd be able to do for me. I'm still waiting to hear from her I got a turkey and cheese sammi and soup. It was amazing. I'll for sure be going back to have more :) Great food & laid back atmosphere. The Fiery Italian(cold) & The D.A.M. Sandwich(hot) are delicious! Good selections of teas & sweet treats. "The food is really good and they have lots of options available for you to customize your order.  The prices are high compared to other sandwich shops which will deter me from visiting frequently. Overall it is a good experience "I had the the chicken curry in a croissant. Very yummy. They also carry Grapefruit with Tupelo Honey candies in a tin Thanks guys for being so great." "I'm a little late for National Sandwich Day but this literally IS my favorite sandwich place in the Valley! It has been around for YEARS and is truly a Phoenix gem. (I have been coming here since I was a little girl!) From their amazing bread to imported meats and cheeses Tried it again. Still not good. Great service! Cute store. Sandwich just not good. I tried the tuna on white rye. First of all not sure why he recommended that for a to go and eat in the car option. Not easy... But the flavors were just not there. Oh well. "I come here way too often (at least once a week) and have only ever gotten one thing - the curry chicken salad. It is seriously the best thing ever. It's a lot more than just a restaurant  and even a coffee bar. They also sell a lot of local products. The staff is some of the nicest people ever. They also have an amazing selection of desserts and more than enough seating. You have to check out their cheese plate... It's great for sharing with a group of friends. The quality of the products they have  the ability to order a sandwich EXACTLY like I want it and that they have both wine and live music. Upstairs is a nice variety of seating where it is quiet enough to hold a small meeting or read or just enjoy conversation with a friend. The large windows let in plenty of day light and the nature photos on the walls are just spectacular. If you have a need for a kitchen gadget or a small gift  i really enjoy the people who work there. I have been working near by for the past year and every time i go in i am greeted by everyone! Everyone is so warm and welcoming! It keeps me coming back and taking my friends. Once they messed up an order and the next time i went in they had a free sandwich waiting for me! Everyone knows my name and i feel more than just a customer. On that note  but not worth the price. Be prepared to also be judged by a snarky vegan employee for ordering meat on your sandwich. Also  and we were able to reserve the smaller patio for the whole family to have a private lunch. It was very personal  visiting with friends and listening to great live music. (Music on the weekends and sometimes Friday evenings). This is my all time favorite place. I feel like I have spent nearly half my life here... When I lived out of town for a time and would either do a walk or just wanted to celebrate a good day with friends I sad that Duck wasn't right down the street. Check out the downtown location as well!" "Overpriced - go to Trader Joe's across the street if you're looking for any deli. I love walking into new places and this one was packed even though it was right after lunch. The sandwiches are good  but since I've cut GMO out of my nutrition the only choice is two kinds of chips .so im hungry Genoa salami sandwich was incredible- make sure to keep on that herb butter spread. Totally amazing! Definitely stop by! I will be a regular at this wonderful place :)"  but it felt more like I was eating a jelly sandwich because it was too sweet. I could only finish half my sandwich and tossed the rest. I loved the outdoor patio and the fact that they're dog friendly They have a huge variety  of sandwiches.  Some very unusual.  Their meats and bread are very fresh . I like their french bread . Stay away from their fruit bowl but they do have good soups I have been coming here for 20 plus years and this is the best sandwich place in town! You have to try where is the beef! I love love love this sandwich. Everything is always fresh and their service is extremely efficient. Thank you for many years amazing dining experiences I love a good sandwich shop! I really love Basha's deli and have been getting their sandwiches for lunch almost everyday when I lived out in Pinal County. I can hardly find a Bashas here around Phoenix but was waiting for a friend getting her oil change done on Camelback and seen this sandwich shop close by. We decided to check this place out for lunch wanting something light and this is one of the best spots we've been to for sandwiches! You get to pick what kind of bread you want along with meat. I went with the smoked turkey and added sprouts and avocado. My sandwich was so delicious! I'm glad I know a good place for a sandwich now! "I forgot how much I love Duck & Decanter until I visited today with a coworker!  I enjoyed a mini Sonoran chicken sandwich in a wheat wrap and an orange vanilla Italian cream soda - so very tasty!  I can't wait to come back and pick-up some items for a picnic with my hubby and the pup! Hidden location in the Biltmore area  and amazing hospitality.  This place is an Arizona landmark.  I hope my kids can bring their kids here some day." I ordered the chicken salad sandwich that comes and it was super delicious and huge. I crave that sandwich often now. Craving a home made sandwich for lunch  and poor customer service. We won't be returning." The food is absolutely incredible and the staff is very friendly. The shop has some great items to make your food taste better.  the shop.  I have been going to the Duck since I was a kid and the next generation of the family is keeping it going beautifully!" These sandwiches make my head explode.  And I don't even really like sandwiches.  Their creations are so unique and so full of flavor that you don't even feel like you're eating a sandwich.  When I eat them I see unicorns and rainbows and....okay not really but they are seriously good.  So far the Hot One is my favorite....tender brisket is some kind of amazing marinade and the horseradish really makes the sandwich.  The Vermont Treat is also very good.  I ended up with cheese spread smeared all over my face and I didn't care because I was in sandwich heaven.  My other fav is the Dutch Treat.  This one is not for everyone but it's loaded with flavor.  The relish and that champagne mustard.....ohhhh drool.  There is also a cool little market where you can buy all kinds of interesting imported goods and a wine bar area.  Check it out people!  This place is fantastic. "Great spot. Fantastic sandwhiches. Friendly service. Nice wine and beer selectiom. Family owned. They have a great selection of coffees and teas "pretty good pizza place... i get take out from here alot... the ""pies"" are large and you can get anything on them... the salads are also good... i have never eaten in the restaurant but it is normally busy when i am there...  kinda expensive for pizza but i have not found a place i like better (la grande does not count!)" When I go back to visit in Phoenix a stop at NYPD is always on the agenda." Also high on the list are the garlic and cheesy knots.  My only complaints are that they serve Pepsi instead of Coke and that the ziti sauce can be a bit peppery sometimes."  perfect for shoving pizza down your throat."  but I have not ordered one yet do to the 20-30 minute prep time. The prices are reasonably cheap  but apparently the fact that they import their water from Brooklyn is a big deal.  Kinda pretentious if you ask me yummy yum yummy pizza! I have been going here for years. Great place to  sit and gab with the girls around a hot pie and a cold pitcher. Great ambiance and very relaxed. Great pizza and desert!! Totally reminds me of getting a slice in NYC.  It's even better cold the next morning!" I give it my 2nd highest 'sausage and pepperoni' rating Great pizza - great calazone's - don't care for the garlic cheese knots. I have tried on occasion to stray from the pizza and have always been disappointed. NYPD is excellent for pizza This is anything but NY pizza...average at best and way to expensive!....If you want REAL NY piazza got to Bounos in Mesa (gautalupe & dobson)..It may be a hole in the wall but has the BEST piazza in the valley...take it from a person who grew up on NY piazza! Tell them Jenny from the block sent you." My manager says ""MMMMMMMMMM"""  I would have preferred hitting up Streets of New York! By the way did I mention I don't like police. Except a friend of mine who just graduated the academy. Congratulations! Now keep me safe from other police." It's my favorite.  Truly."  it definitely would have been a 4 star experience.  I'll definitely go back  I probably wouldn't go back...it just really wasn't all that impressive." i tend to be pretty picky about pizza and wasn't expecting much from this place. so i was shocked how good the pizza was here! would go back for sure! great service!!!!!!!!!!!!  along with Happy Hour specials makes this a great place!!  This will be somewhere we will frequent!!  Thanks NYPD!!!"  and they even gave us a gift bag when we left! It had coupons and a magnet! I used to order from a Chinese delivery place solely because they gave you little trinkets with your order  and I'm skeptical that any pizza served by the slice and individually topped can be palatable. Ok I admit I'm wrong! I'm stuck up about these things. NYPD has great pizza I can walk in order two slices however I want them I am giving this place 5 stars but as a disclaimer I've only had their pizza. My fiancee and I have gotten pizza from this location a couple of times and every time it's hot and Delicious. This location is very convenient for pickup or they have a patio if you're feeling social. We usually get the Vinny's favorite where you can choose up to 5 different toppings. We get a new combination of toppings each time and are never disappointed. I would highly recommend trying ricotta cheese and eggplant on your pizza. We will be back for sure!  but anything I eat usually ends up being messy and in my book: messy=good. I'm a fan!"  I've been to other NYPD Pizza locations with much better results; I think this episode was the result of a new or poorly trained server."  but only if I were in the area." "Yelp pointed me to this place while on a business trip-- looking for good pizza in the area.  Kind of a mixed result.  The restaurant is located in a strip mall Not a well known location so its not as busy as some NYPDs I've been to. Just as good as the others though. Probably the fastest I've ever gotten my Calzone. I'd definitely go again. "Decent pizza for a chain.  We ordered a side of meatballs which were just ok.  There was too much bread crumbs and not enough spices.  We ordered the ""thin crust"" which isn't what you normally expect.  The ""thin crust"" was really just the standard pizza crust.  Would come back but definitely not very memorable."  so order a small if it's just for one person. Wings are very tasty. I'd recommend it."  but the food is good!  There is an option for a 5 topping pizza for $17.00.  Their beer selection is average  even going so far as to include their cell number.  I admit that I feel strange posting such a negative statement amid all the 4 and 5 star reviews "Pretty good chain pizza.  Service was good too once I got the waitresses attention.  I must say that there is nothing special about this particular restaurant/location.  I had a small side salad with vinagrette dressing.  Very tasty.  Followed by the ""Meateaters"" pizza for one (10"").  The pizza was really just average.  Nothing to write home about.  And they're not cheap by any means." Yummy food and nice guys making it "1st time at NYPD last night. Our son has been talking about it and my husband loves NY style Pizza so we went. They welcomed us like we were the most important customers. Courteous (Oh and their garlic knots are ridiculous too)" First time eating here and they were very busy. The service was good not fast and not slow. Really good flavorful pizza not a bad price  but if you catch a lunch special or something its not too bad. Ive been coming to this place for years and its good every time." Possibly better than actual New York pizza  well worth it. My brother just had his wisdom teeth pulled two days ago and has been eating oatmeal and pudding for these past two days. I holla lets do some NYPD for lunch! my brother jumps up with this smile on his face "Have been here several times for many years...Just never wrote a review...Had a craving for a pizza with sausage & pepperoni; and NYPD Pizza just fufilled that craving...Love the pizza  but this past visit wasn't the best for me." great pizza i always get the brooklyn and am satisfied everytime. the only thing i think they can work on is their delivery times maybe. not sure why but it takes them a minimum of an hour to get the pizza to my apt even though i live only a couple blocks away.  and subway-esque signage. Only thing I haven't liked here is the lemonade  I can see myself coming back here as a customer.  Keep up the good work NYPD!"  great staff and i can bring my dog."  they were baking the pizzas on the roof! hehe!  I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the pizza  I will definitely head back again. I hear they deliver too!" I love this Pizza place!!!!!I had the white pizza and it is amazing!!!The only set back is its kinda pricey compared to other pizza joints but it is worth it for the quality of the pizza!!!  this is true NYC style pizza.  I had two slices of the cheese for lunch today  the waitresses were very friendly and welcoming. I would go back again in a heartbeat  there was another group like ours  warming up that pizza in the oven gave it that slight extra crunch that made it really good "Great pizza mainly because the crust is so good.  Get clam and onion Good Fast chain of pizza places Not great not anything special but really its hard to find good pizza in the valley still on the hunt.  I don't think a chain place is going to make the cut. "I wish they had a location closer to me! I've always done the take out but now I guess they deliver too! The pizza is crisp and has the perfect amount of cheese. I like that they have updated their website. They have a 10"" pizza which is great for a night in alone. Prices are spot on. Staff friendly." A staple for pizza night or if you want a good Italian dinner at home without slaving over it for hours. The cheesecake was actually the best part of it; next time  gargonzola and pepperoni. Gargonzola is not listed as an addtl topping but you may order it. That combination is so delicious." "We stopped in late on a Friday night. We were seated immediately and our drink order taken. Our server was friendly and we never had to ask for drink refills and she stopped by regularly to check on us &  Even though they were closing in an hour You have got to love NYPD in my opinion it is far and away the closest thing in the valley to be sitting in the Bronx..... The bombers were even on the TV for lunch...... And the fact that Josh (mgr) gave me a new T-shirt doesn't hurt..... But seriously if you haven't ever been to an NYPD go... their all great but this one is by far my favorite..... Til next time  and great fast and friendly service..."  but follow through with it and make that 30 dollar pie blow my taste buds out of the water!"  just the way we like em! The pizza was tasty! The crust was nice and crispy. We will definitely try this place again." I must say I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered a 10-inch pizza with breaded eggplant and artichokes.  It was soooo good!  This pizza definitely reminded me of home!  Shoutout to my Yelp friend Ebony W.  It was her check-in that sparked my curiosity to try this spot :)  Ooh and they have locations throughout the valley.  I will have to try the Scottsdale location next! Pizza is very good!  Patio is nice and well shaded.  They will allow pets on the patio if well behaved!  he said he would just drop the pizza at my house and charge my credit card if I didn't show up.   When I did show up and had a beer with friends while waiting he had the audacity to make a comment that if our intoxication became a problem he would have to ask us to leave."  right?  My girlfriend and I are often disappointed each time we try a new place that doesn't quite live up to NYPD Second try ordering online. Ordered this time despite the difficulty communicating with everyone who answered the phone. $22 before tip is pretty steep for a med pizza. Hope it's good. Fingers crossed. Will update when food arrives. The server was exceptionally friendly and helpful - but the service was the high point of the experience." "NYPD pizza is overall good pizza in Phoenix. I have been to several of the locations and they are fairly consistent. They have pizza by the slice TqHTtjPANCBKGsjGBjDoQQ  or otherwise obnoxious. All of which is why I really like the place. Usually during the course of a game I'll order a pasta or sandwich and a couple beers and the bill will be less than $20 so that's pretty good." Well I guess you can't have it all though so I will just stick with what I have found at NYPD."  one that I can see myself coming back to. I recently ordered the small Brooklyn pizza with some cheesy garlic knots. The crust was cooked nicely I have never been disappointed in an NYPD Pizza and will always go back for a slice or two!" "I was contacted by NYPD management who took the time to assist in resolving my previous issues.  It's still a bit pricey  atmosphere and food!  I recommend the Sicilian (thicker crust)" "Love this place! We first discovered it in TN and thought it was only over there. Luckily it's all over the valley I recommend this place to anyone I run into looking for a good pizza joint!" Been to other locations and had wonderful experience there. So I figured I would go here but it was a bad experience way to demanding for me to order as soon as we sat down so we got up and left.  but the food quality seemed to be slipping. Something different was off with each experience. It eventualy got to a point where we questioned why we spent the extra money on quality that was getting to be less than ideal. We reserved ourselves to finding another pizza joint in the neighborhood. Tried a few other places  I order from them all the time. Quick delivery. Decent prices. And DELICIOUS food. You HAVE to try the garlic knots. Girls who take your orders are always very nice." Really disappointing." Be aware that it takes about 30 minutes to get your pizza. They don't cut corners here. Get some appetizers if you can't wait that long. Salad is a good choice. I personally don't want the cheesy  I pretty much love NYPD Pizza. Calzones are my favorite. I've been ordering the Frank Sinatra with various fillings for years. Absolutely adore the Ricotta and I was extremely happy when they introduced the small size...which is still big enough for 2 meals. I do enjoy the pizza but in my personal opinion Needless to say... I won't be eating here again and neither will my friends."  and the pizza is consistently good.   Don't waste your time with other pizza delivery.  NYPD really is the best around Biltmore/Arcadia for delivered pizza."  the service was great and quick. This was my first time eating here and its great pizza with great ranch dressing. We had pepperoni and cheese slices with a salad. The salad was big enough to share so that was nice. I would definitely order from here and get delivery or just go and eat here again. They had some renovations going on during our trip there but it was still really clean and nice inside."  I have a reference point.  I love the oil that drips down in the middle of the pizza when it's folded...Yummmmmm! That's surely the money maker and that's why I keep coming back. Service is always on point  yet elegant.  The customer service was fantastic - from the hostess to the waitress and the food was terrific.  I couldn't have been more pleased with how everything looked and the entire dining experience.  We will definitely remain loyal patrons.  Nice job NYPD!" I'm dreaming of my next visit!" P.s.  The two gentlemen that sat down behind us were legit old school Italian guys ON CAMELBACK! Speaking Italian throughout dinner.   Not a bad endorsement right there!"  one of my regular spots. They definitely go out of their way to please you.  Thank you"  but what was the point of giving me the number if they weren't even going to use it?"  but only through delivery." Overall NYPD is one of our go to restaurants for pizza and if you stay away from the mojitos and cannolis  2 stars. They forgot my order which really grinds my gears. The price is a solid 4 stars too. For airport food I didn't have to take out a loans to get a slice and a water. It was just $6 and change. If you're in Terminal 4 in the B gate area "Came here on a vacation and have never tasted a better pizza. Service was absolutely incredible. A bit pricey The hubby and I are currently in the process of moving to Phoenix so trying to find some of the things that we love back home pizzas one of them we are both in the service industry husband is a restaurant manager we both believe that good service is just as important as good food. NYPD pizza has both I looked at a few other pizza restaurants before ordering from here. The other places got good food marks but bad service reviews we are currently staying in a hotel in unfamiliar with the area in the process of ordering online by the way very convenient and easy I called the restaurant to ask a question about an item Leo answered the phone very friendly great service after placing my order within a few minutes the manager from the restaurant called me because he was unsure about an ad on that I had and wanted to confirm he had it correct. to me that goes above and beyond instead of just assuming you called me to check it out the food was delivered within the 60 minute time frame I was given the driver was very friendly and most importantly had change we ordered pizza salad zucchini sticks and cannolis all in all after tip $42 yes a little pricey but great service and amazing food. you definitely get what you pay for here very much pleased and looking forward to ordering again thank you in YPD pizza for a great experience in Phoenix  I enjoyed the experience and will eat there again." I ordered delivery from here and it was delicious! The pizza came on time and the delivery man was very professional. He opened the box and showed me the pizza before I accepted it. The pizza crust was crispy and the sauce was delicious. I added fresh basil to the pizza and it was fresh and delicious! We luv the cannolis/kisses & we've had the tiramisu in the past which was AWESOME 2 (but not offered on menu anymore)? We have yet 2 try the limoncello cake but will save that in anticip8ion 4 our next visit. NYPD ROCKS & really hope they keep these Veg~head/Gluten~Free faves of ours so we can continue our business w/ this establishment!!!" Great food and fast delivery service. Prices are decent. There's not Mich more to write about. Two thumbs up! Very friendly staff! Customer service is above and beyond! And of course the pizza is fantastic! Best in Phoenix!! Will definitely go back!!  but the service and management is what really impressed me. I had one of those rare experiences where the staff went over the top and created an experience we will not forget. Very friendly greeting and excellent service. When the pizza was delivered we asked for Tabasco sauce. The waiter said he would check. The waiter came back and informed us they were out of Tabasco  and I have no doubt he'll make it soon - great personality and motived to boot.  Wish I had caught his name. I'll make sure to do so during our next visit." We won't be coming back."  after having a salad & the penne pasta!! We had Alicia as a server and she was very nice & attentive!! When we said it was our first time there & we were from CA "Best replication if nyc pizza in phoenix hands down.  Greasy Not sure of the couple of negative reviews on here but apparently they have nothing better to do than whine. Speaking of  really nice atmosphere and the staff is great.  We'll definitely be back." Great tasting pizza with huge slices.  I'll pass on the pasta.  I've been here on the two separate occasions.  First time had the Wall Street Pizza based on suggestion from staff.  Staff is friendly and appreciative.  Pizza was delicious and slices were huge.  Didn't wait long either.  Second visit had a pasta dish with penne and meatballs.  Lots of cheese but the sauce and meatballs lacked flavor.  They also have fast carry out. I finally found my ZA takeout place.  Score!!  very slow. There are more employees than customers while we were there "Probably the best pizza and wings in the city.  Definitely worth the trip and while it's a little pricier if your a dominoes fan  ordered after waiting to be seated and got their food before us. I guess if you seat yourself and put your own order in they no longer consider you a good customer or something because it sure felt like no body cared about our experience. Only way we got a drink refill was to flag down the waitress.  Bad experience service wise but its what we have grown accustomed to at this location. Take my advice and just order delivery." "What has happened to this place??  New management?  I came on here to see if there are any other disappointed customers recently.  My office has ordered from here numerous times for years. We know it takes over an hour for delivery so that is why we call in shortly after they open.  Last time we ordered it took 2.5 hrs for our food. They gave us a 50% discount. We were never gonna order again.  However "Pretty great pizza but when I pay for double pepperoni on a pizza that feeds ""2-3"" and it runs me about $20..I'd love to see more than 2 pepperonis per slice." The service is good. There was no wait and the food came out pretty fast." I ordered a sausage pizza. It was delivered on time . However the pizza was cold and  I struggled on eat the dough even with a knife.  Very disappointed.  We order from them quite frequently Good pizza.  Stopped here for takeout with friends.  Had a salad which was very fresh and delicious.  Pizza was tasty and hot upon pick up.  A little out of the way for a regular pizza for us but definitely a good place to go for a pie!  and our waitress Casey was very sweet and outgoing. I highly recommend this location. Will definitely be coming back soon!" "It was a good date night place to try but it was ""talked up"" too much in ads and the radio. It is moderately priced for mediocre food. Pizza is good if you are wanting something different than the normal delivery. We are hoping a different location will be better and match the reviews we heard." Do you really think this is going the be the best pizza?  Um No but it is better than the crap you order from Papa John's  I just had hope. I didn't take them up on their offer to rectify the issues  I use to frequent their chandler location. Make sure to order their large artichoke dip.. I always order their veggie pizza. They can use a little more cheese on the pizza. Service is good  spicy but not umbearable. Pizza just the way i liked it.  Thanks for a very pleasant evening." This is our go-to place for great food and great service.  Their pizza and gluten-free pizzas are the best in town.  The Italian wedding soup and their seasonal salads are delicious.  Thank you Samson for providing excellent service on our most recent visit.  We'll be back soon!  spent most of my life in NY/NJ  with the exception of using cornmeal and the pie's being smaller then what you would get in NY and slightly more expensive "Definitely one of the best restaurants in Phoenix with regard to serving a true New York style pizza.   Friendly staff and relaxing atmosphere.  Manager Brittany handled very professionally a small  faux - pas with my order "I love this little joint! It is a very cozy atmosphere and the food is great. I always get a calzone "Very Good! Had the Margherita pizza and salad. Pizza was great we had the best service from ashly!!!!! best service we've had in a long long time" NYPD Pizza was way better our second time around. I would definitely recommend going and would go again. Just tried to order. Unfortuatly the highly populated area of 85251 is out of the deliver radius of ANY location this restaurant has to offer. Just plain old NY style pizza and hot wings are very good.  I don't care for anything else on the menu so stick to these two things.  The Italian dishes are not good at all! I ordered a 5 large pizzas two separate occasions and was told it would be 90 mins for delivery. Both times the pizza was delivered not before the meeting intended for Every time I've ever been here for lunch or with a friend the service has been timely and friendly. I've order simple slices to go and full pizzas. The mix drinks are yum! I usually try whatever drink my server recommends and I'm never disappointed. Love the remodel and booths that have been put in.  you can get a slice and salad to go in under 5 minutes! Delish!"  and a bowl of spaghetti  and meatballs . The pizza was phenomenal !! It's one of my new favs  my daughter and bf loved their spaghetti and meatballs . They both raved about the marinara sauce . If your in central Phoenix and looking for some Italian food be sure to check out NYPD  pizza" One of my favorite pizza spots. I don't dine in often (when we did the service was meh). Carryout is the way to go! Delicious pizza without the annoyance of inattentive staff.  loved the ziti. My wife returned the pasta and got a slice of pizza. The waitress/hostess was very nice. The manager came over and removed the pasta from the check.  For desert we had the cheesecake and some cannoli. Again  which they did. I did or said nothing wrong. There are too many Pizza shops in this town for them to think that they can treat people depending on how they feel. I will never give these people my business and will recommend the same to the people that I know. I have never written a review but this prompted me to because a patron should be treated with respect."  so I immediately call.  The manager said he would refund the card we paid with for the cost of the food forgotten. (chicken on a salad).  So.....not make it right and bring the chicken?  So now my friend has some iceberg lettuce for lunch?  But **free** iceberg lettuce.  I asked ""that's what we do?""  And yes  staff was awkward and weird. NOT TRUE NEW YORK PIZZA. This is a chain of restaurants so that should say something. This place sucks save your money and go to Ray's pizza or Isa Pizza or even Barrows pizza ." Definitely would recommend to my friends!"  but it's not poor enough to override the strengths of the establishment. Pros vs cons . . . pros win!" The atmosphere is very chill and New York like. Service was excellent and I am definitely going back." I love the food here. It is delicious and really hits the spot when your craving some good pizza. I had never Sat down to eat. Always take out. But I decided to bring my daughter in and sit down and have dinner with her (she is 6)  As always the food was great. Our waitress fabien was fantastic! So accommodating! She was happy and so helpful. I will be back to dine in again with service like that. Well done! TqHTtjPANCBKGsjGBjDoQQ I went and had dinner in the restaurant! Amazing food! excellent pizza and great environment. New York style pizza and huge! No complaints and will eat here again The best Penne with Saysage.  Tory manager is awesome and Alicia the server fr Alaska is amazing! Their pizza is fantastic!  The service is solicitous and good.  They have a cute outside area plus abar where you can eat as a single as I often do.  The wings and salads are great tho i have received some wilted greens...hence the 4 star rating. Awesome. Food was great. Atmosphere was great. Our server Christian was amazing too. Will be for sure coming back to this place again.... Crispy margherita pizza. Very friendly staff. Way better than Oregano's! Too full to try the dessert but we'll try again next time. I pass 20 pizza places on my way here and never think of stopping. Delicious. Got a pizza for delivery tonight after a 90 minute wait our pizza was totally dried out.  We specified double sauce but it was like minus sauce.  When I called to let them know I was only given the choice to take another pizza or a free one next time.  Horrible choice since it was so bad I really just don't want one. The second one arrives and well this one has sauce that's for sure - but wait where are the toppings? It's like they forgot them now. We put it in the trash - called and asked Tory for money back and he said the best he could do is try another night. I WANT MY MONEY BACK - you ruined pizza night!" The customer service team at the Resturant was apologetic and offered a refund.  Now a satisfied consumer!  Thanks I'm so happy to have a great pizza place like this nearby and I plan to return in the future."  the best way to describe it is that It's like a cheaper knock off version of oreganos. Pizza we ordered well done because the menu told us to and it still came out soggy and the chopped salad was 98% just lettuce.  The boneless wings we ordered were good at least." good pizza but how the hell is your air going to break in the peak of summer you guys messed up there..how the hell am I suppose to enjoy my pizza if imy sweating a lot and then the food took an hour to come out..smh  they try to get me to pay at the store. The only way to pay when doing an online order is paying immediately. I don't know why they ask customers to pay at the store Side note to management..... our group (all ladies) did stop going to your restaurant for a brief time due to the homeless/disadvantaged people approaching us and begging for money every time we were in the parking lot.  It appears this unfortunate situation has been rectified as we saw security patrolling the lot and not a single person approached us for $$."  I placed my order then sat down across the way so they could see where I sat.  While waiting for my order the same cashier came up to me asking what I was doing in the restaurant sitting at a table. I told her ""I ordered a pizza from you a few minutes ago and waiting to eat it here"".  Eventually it was brought out to me in a ""to go"" box Ice Cold zucchini appetizer. Been here before it was good. But this ruined it for me. Makes me think none of it is fresh. Our server Natalie was great and apologized more than once and also took care of it. Limoncello cake it's really good.  zero water and zero waitress. Sad thing no one else was in the place except for one guy sitting at the bar drinking. Food maybe good but service sucks. Would not be coming here ever again."  delicious meal. The service is always excellent and friendly. The pizza is just the way I like it - thick  good service....a great spot for NY Pizza. Also they have a great selection of slices at lunch time. I recommend this spot for sure!"  was quick and excellent!!  Will definitely order again next time I'm in town!!" Four Stars. will return."  ABOUT IT   BECAUSE ONE OF MY CO-WORKERS TOLD ME  THAT THEY WERE TALKING ABOUT US. It was only 3 ppl at the bar drinking and only 4 of us eating maybe next time the kitchen staff needs to be a lil bit faster and keep your comments to your self. Food was really GOOD!! BUT KITCHEN SLOW"  horrible gluten free pizza. I don't want to judge this place too harshly on something that's not what the restaurant is all about but it's important for people seeking gluten free pizza to know. If I were them I wouldn't even carry this product at all. The dough is so flat and has a really weird after taste. Most places seem to use the same frozen rounds and they just don't cut it. I know GF will never replace pizza and there is only so much you can do but I really challenge this place to come up with a mix and bake fresh made pies. If I can do it in my home anyone can do it. The demand for GF alternatives is only growing and if you can have an edge on something like that it would set you apart from others. Maybe the owners should just try the GF crust and see what I mean. For having such amazing regular pizza they should at least try to put out a better quality product." This is based on the customer service of the location.  I have been to this location many times for pickup.  I received a burnt pizza and was told I would receive a discount on a future order.  When I went to redeem the next order I was told nothing but excuses as to why there would be no discount. Good work management team you saved the company $10.00. "Just moved here and I gotta tell you I was very disappointed in this place I ordered Margareta pizza I have been eating at NYPD for some time and it is always great.  The Food is wonderful and the staff is amazing.  For some time now a young man named Adem has been my server and is wonderful.  I eat most of my meals out and I can tell you he is the best.  Adem knows the menu inside and out so he can help with offering up vegetarian or Vegan items.  He greets you as you enter and is so fast at assisting you with a drink and a menu.  He checks back often and is so attentive that he knows just the right time to bring over the check.  Adem is a huge asset to NYPD.  I wanted to make sure someone knows how great he is.  I managed domestic and international customer service for a large international company for 37 years and have now retired.  If I was still working I would steal Adem away as his skills would be valued at any company.  Thanks Adem for always being the best....Ray "NYPD pizza was always my all time favorite pizza since it first started. I order their food for about a few years now and I can say that their pizzas especially are one of the best in the country in my opinion. That's just how good their food is too me. Prices are a little high but that doesn't stop me from ordering there weekly. You guys should really try their options they provide. You will not regret it "My favorite place in the valley for Calzones the size of your head! Their water filtration system Ph balances the water to be the same as New York City so the dough rises and tastes great. Finish off with their giant cookie and ice cream and walk away full 4. Keep the food portions consistent" "NYPD Pizza on Camelback is a bit out if my way but the Roast Beef sub is to die for! One of my clients brought me one of the subs. Now I go out of my way to order the number 3 on the menu. It's a roast beef sub and it's amazing! The service is  great "Last night we decided to get our pizza delivered instead of picking it up (normally we pick it up to make sure everything is right and all there) and I have to say the lady that delivered our pizzas was amazing. She was so sweet and thouggtful. She brought us ranch even though we didn't ask for them and lots of napkins and was just all around friendly. I did not catch her name but she had really bright red hair A little disappointed today..."  Ryan and of course our most favorite waitress in the world FABIENNE!! these people treat us like family and are always happy to see us come in! You cannot receive better customer service here than with them and of course the whole crew. They always make sure that everyone who comes in are all catered too!! They have many regulars/usuals and I can see why! Great place to eat! Our favorite food aside the pizza are the honey hot traditional wings they are the bomb.com! You must try Great desserts!! The service is usually slow but the food is on point. I usually get a calzone and finish it off with one of their amazing desserts especially the zippolies We sat and we're talking among ourselves. Our waitress came up and ask how we were doing. She took our order. She was very friendly.  I didn't think much of it. We ate and left.  As my husband went through  his battle  all he wanted was NYPD pizza. I promised him pizza when he was able to eat it. A month went by and we returned.  We got the same waitress. Again she was kind . I asked her for her name. Fabienne  she said but likes to go by Fabbi. We went back and she was not there but we stood anyway. The server that day was blah. We were going grocery shopping one day and I went in to see if she was there.  By chance she was so we decided  to stay. The day Fabbi no longer works there is the day we stop going. She is a great fabulous  person "Simple as this..... If you want some kick ass pizza and some bomb ass boneless wings that will make you rethink the best wings you've had  a PHX police officer was ambushed and died in the line of duty. I asked for the manager and told him we'd like to leave enough $ to cover his ticket along with gratuity. INSTEAD OF TAKING MY $  it would be excellent. Really disappointed!" "I just wanted to say thank you NYPD pizza for not only having great pizza but also having such a friendly and polite driver. She left us a thank you note on our Knotts with her name We would go back. I would recommend."  because the weather is hot Hot HOT! I received my salad and chicken wings 8 mins after I ordered! The lasagna came 10 mins later. Food was super good! I'm definitely coming back!!!"  and soda) all which was very good. They were kind enough to provide plates and plastic ware since we were at a hotel which I thought was convenient. Our lookout ended up falling asleep in the room while the rest of us went to the pool Ordered  pizza for delivery.  They got the address  wrong but still  got the pizza here 15 minutes  early. . They help set the order up and brought all utensils.  The pizza was good . Good  lend of cheese and meat. They have a great Hawaiian  pizza. Come on Sunday and then walk down to PetCo. (or is it Petsmart?) and visit the adoption dogs." "It was great to find a New York / Jewish style Deli in the middle of Phoenix on my last trip out there.  Miracle Mile doesn't hold back on their servings and prices albeit a tad high  but upon entering-go right for my favorite (the pastrami on french).   Other family members swear by the ""straw'.  I have been eating here for 30+ yrs. and the product has NEVER changed.  Truly amazing!  My husband  MM is a lot cleaner.  This cafeteria style deli is the best.  I always get the Pastrami.  The corned beef is good too." One thing that does sort of freak me out is when I get in line and it is my turn to order the guy taking the order always alerts his co-workers to look at me and they mutter in Spanish quickly and then smile and go back to business. It has happened every time I have been to this or any other location. I know why they are looking but they are so blatant it is strange. Oh and yeah some white guys understand Spanish too." I CAN'T wait to go back!   (Probably in between shopping 8 hrs at Last Chance)"  and a neighborhood following still holds strong after all these years.  Success clearly hasn't changed this family recipe."  it resembled a glorified cafeteria with plenty of seating YAY!! When it comes to deli you can't be a snob to decor - my true test is a pastrami and corned beef sandwich and they clearly received the thumbs up! While they only had potato knishes.....their selection of other goodies made up for it. I will be back. =0)"  just don't expect the Second Coming." What's good about this place is it has plenty of space the staff seems very attentive and it is clean and the sandwiches are delicious with pretty large portions. Not huge or anything but decent. I did think it was a little pricey considering I could get a bigger better sandwich at subway for about $3.00 cheaper. This place in not bad. Run of the mill a little pricey. But would not be opposed to going here again."  and centrally located makes this a great place to meet people for lunch.  My only complaint is it's very hard to find anything healthy and the price is a tad high for the quality/ambiance." fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg  yea once. I don't recommend it Bluck!"  big portions. Not sure about how healthy the food is - it seems a bit greasy / fatty. But there's definitely something here for everybody in your party 2FiNCj5rM3nF0qgaWf86Gg  try ""The New Yorker"".  It's similar to ""The Straw"" but with corned beef and coleslaw.  All sandwiches include fries and a pickle spear.  You can add everything from macaroni and cheese to steamed veggies on the side.  A typical lunch will set you back $10-$11  I go to Miracle Mile and order a straw sandwich on onion roll with a potato pancake and homemade apple sauce on the side.  It is a total guilty pleasure.   They've been in the Valley since 1949 and when I was a kid we used to go to the Christown location every weekend. My grandma used to always order the polish sausage  and my mom loved the hot brisket sandwich.  Even though it's not an authentic Jewish deli  or one of those 'other' meats you will walk away satisfied. I usually order the New Yorker on rye bread with a potato pancake and a Dr. Browns cream soda. Mmmmmm"  a ham sandwich on 2 day old bread and a fatten up you child kid's meal with milk and one adult small soda. Would have had a better sandwich and salad at Subway for a lot less. But I suppose if you try something else on the menu it might be worth the visit." fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg Since it is right near my office I fear I may be suckered into going here again "So I was reading an online discussion board about the best sandwiches in Phoenix and this place was suggested a few times.  I figured since it was pretty close to my hotel I'd give it a try for dinner one night.  I ordered a Veggie New Yorker.  My first mistake was ordering it on plain sourdough bread...you need a heavy duty roll to stand up to the sauce and the cole slaw they put on there.  I thought my sandwich was pretty tasty I have been coming to this Miracle Mile for tons of times..  Always love it.  It is clean My only dislike? The place looked and felt just like a school cafeteria. I'd rather not revisit jr high  I have to say I think my favorite thing might have been the pickle. For $11 bucks really  but you will certainly get a full stomach for around $10 The only redeeming factor in the meal was when I tried some of the Straw sandwich (pastrami  and its all pretty good. I'm a big fan of the matzo ball soup here and the sandwiches are all piled high with meat and cheese. It's a little pricey but worth it for the large selection. Is this a traditional back east deli? No MM has been notified and I am to receive a gift certificate for my 2.95. I was given the option of returning it but it's over a 40 min drive." my advice: go an extra mile to steer clear of this glorified cafeteria."  meaning potato pancakes are being cooked every weekend in every Polish church parking lot for miles around.  I've found a cure for my PA summertime homesickness: Miracle Mile Deli."  it was great. Service was fast. Price was average. I'd go again." It's also not particularly cheap.  My prison plate was $9.73 with the tax.  Not recommended."  so was happy to see a nice selection of salads to choose from. Ordered a grilled chicken salad that was simply divine. Large portions of chicken served over crisp lettuce and a balsamic dressing to die for. Very yummy and satisfying lunch. A great find in Phoenix!"  but $10 for a sandwich and drink definitely makes it not worth it. I would visit more often than 1 or 2 times a year if it were not so expensive. Yea The employees are always friendly and the place is always CLEAN!!! Whoever is doing the hiring there is doing an amazing job." fries.  the brisket was dry and the service was awful.  The ruben was awful." P.S. Make sure to check in on Foursquare..they've got tons of great specials for those who use the application!" http://www.facebook.com/miraclemiledeli"  provide the perfect marriage between great meat and great bread. Their brisket and pastrami sandwiches are so good that every time I bite into them Came here yesterday so I could get my car washed at Danny's while having lunch (this works out perfect to kill 2 birds with 1 stone).  I always get the New Yorker on rye and it never lets me down.  They have great coleslaw and thousand island dressing so the flavor with the pastrami and rye work out perfect.  I like that there are a thousand tables here and 2 lunch lines so they can really pump you through quickly.  You can tell the quality of the food is top notch and service is always great. "I've been eating at the Miracle Mile Delicatessens for over 45 yrs now. What makes these guys special is that the consistency is the same regardless the store or the decade. They are making the same fabulous Straw sandwiches & brisket of beef today that they were making in the 60's. Family owned & the pride shows. I'm looking forward to eating here for another 4 plus decades  and they have multiple valley locations.  yummy!" "Mmmmmm..a Combo please!  Pastrami and Corn beef together at last on a soft onion bun with Swiss cheese (or without)..best thing when you are craving MEAT! Yep fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg I am such a fan of this deli because they offer quality food at a very reasonable price. It has a real East Coast feel when you walk in and the staff is super friendly. I would recommend anything on the menu and don't forget the fries! I'm not going to run down everything I've eaten over the years; you know what deli's have to offer and this place is no exception.  Get your matzo/pastrami/corned beef/chicken soup on fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg  and the sandwich was just okay.  I say take your $13 and go to Texaz Grill!!!  WAY better food I was really impressed with the food here... I need to go back ASAP and get the stuffed Cabbage Rolls... Lots of great food to warm you up on these cold winter days." One of the best Delis in Phoenix !! "I've eaten the hot brisket of beef sandwiches on onion rolls at Miracle Mile for over thirty years. I no longer live in Phoenix but I must visit every vacation usually more than once. I first ate at Chris-Town and then Park Central and then Arrowhead and now Colonade. The brisket is as good today as it was in 1980.  I know the corned beef  so I can't comment on the rest of the menu but everything looks delicious here and I am sure it all is.  The pastrami and corned beef are amazing i've never had a bad experience here."  get it one an onion roll! This is a huge sandwich  this place is just an overpriced sandwich shop with bad service. Not sure what is special here  especially if you want an order to go. The sandwiches usually come with fires or sides like coleslaw or potato salad. Unfortunately  but I don't recall them serving it on a daily basis. Another excellent choice is their split pea soup. The nice thing about Miracle Mile is that they serve a specific menu of dinner entrees for each day of the week. Try their hot turkey dinner  airier feel than I remembered. But the service is just as fast  and the portions will leave you stuffed to the max!" Awesome food and great service.  Their reuben sandwich w/ fries is to die for!!! Best deli i have ever been to! Have been a loyal foodie fan since it's inception at the old christown mall. The newer location Rocks. Great food & Prices. The busers are awesome- you feel like you are being waited on by top notch servers and they arent even servers! just because its a deli doesnt mean the service experience is underrated.Please TIp  these awesome servers- they deserve it! It is my moms favorite deli also....we will continue to be loyal foodie fans of this awesome deli.FYI- Best Rueben Samy i have ever had! fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg "Miracle Mile is the best lunch in town!!!! I've been going here for 20 years. They put so much into each and every meal/sandwich. They will make any modification you want. Meatloaf Amazing sandwiches and probably the best servers/staff of any restaurant I've been to. Great choices and gourmet sandwiches available that comes with a handful of sides and a pickle. Condiments on every table and a tray of free water at the end of the counter. All smiles around. Such a great place. I can complain about the price but I just keep coming back anyway! It's that good! My favorite is the Pastrami and Swiss on marble rye and make sure you ask for the thousand island dressing!!!"  which were plenty.  The pricing was well within our budget.  I have been asked list them as ""keepers"" for future event catering.  We'll be seeing you again!" Had lunch here withRobyn N. and Rand H. I had the #1 straw  which consisted of pastrami on a bun with saurkruat and and mozzarella cheese and a potatoe pancake.well the potatoe pancake was only 3 stars and the sandwich was not bad but not as good as scotts generations. I like deli's and this one did not shine over the others I have been to.  with a smile and full of joy. Best place to come while dieting!"  most of the menu looks pretty appetizing. Since I live nearby now "Ate here as a kid when it was at Park Central Mall.  The sandwiches are just as good at this Collonade location.  I like the beef brisket and the fries are always yummy.  It's just good My only gripe is that the sandwich I ordered wasn't as requested the positive about this place is that your food is prepared VERY quickly. if you are looking for a quick lunch  but this place had a really extensive menu offering something for everyone.  I just stopped in for a snack I don't know how anyone could ever give this amazing place less than 5 Stars.  I had the New Yorker on an onion roll and potato pancakes.  I haven't been here for years because I live so far away but it is just as amazing as ever.  The pastrami was stacked high and the sweetness of the coleslaw and Thousand Island mixed with the fresh roll is absolute perfection.  The potato pancake was crispy on the outside and full of flavor!  The Restaurant is set up cafeteria style and they keep you moving.  The service and hospitality are quick and top notch. There is not much else to say - if you want cafeteria style deli and you want it done right - this is the place to get it."  soups and deserts to choose from.  I ordered the ""New Yorker"" Piled high with Hot Pastrami topped with homemade Cole slaw and Miracle Mile Dressing $9.79.  Sandwiches come with your choice of sides and a pickle. I cannot remember ever having better Pastrami.  Service was friendly as expected.  I will probably go back tomorrow.  :-)" Some thing are ok here. Some things sit in the heat bins way too long and get tough. Prices are a bit high for quality of food here. I guess this is probably one of the better delis in town if you can not make it to Cassellas in Scottsdale or NY Hero in Downtown Phoenix." wound be the first place I eat at." One of my favorite lunch locations"  all I can say is they have cabbage rolls !! There awesome ! Old school food nothing fancy just hearty classic stuff." The food was good but I just didn't like the atmosphere. It seems more like a cafeteria than a deli. Long live Miracle Mile Deli!"  whatever that is. Seemed to be the only thing my friends thought was. Missing. I didn't save room for dessert which I regret. That bread pudding and cheesecake looked fierce. When I go back (for more pickles) I will remedy that." Since I cannot have my mom's chicken soup when I am sick I will keep coming back." "Best pastrami sandwich in the valley. Go for the New Yorker. Enormous. Filling. Delicious. You will feel fantastic after this experience. Don't forget to get a Dr. Brown soda  if not the best in Phoenix." Unless you are fond of imitation cheese pass on the grill cheese sandwich. Everything else looked good."  unless someone takes me and orders something amazing for me." I recommend this place everyone and anyone! The best place to ever get a pastrami sandwich!" You don't stay in business as long as MM unless your doing something right."  and interior is going to fade away as the generation that supported it eventually passes on. If you're under 60 and not from the east coat  they actually solved the problem!  I love that.  Now they have some decent vegetarian items.   When I just get a gift certificate from some corporate PR flak  dessert and again service. They are always clean n friendly. I am in love with there turkey sandwich. They make it exactly how I want it . Sounds crazy but sometime restaurants over due the simplest things. All I can say is if you looking for a place to grab something savory this is the place to go. Did I mention the service? Lol"  the food was delicious and the place was clean. I would recommend this to family and friends." "WE LOVE MIRACLE MILE. Their hot pastrami sandwiches are the best. The fresh onion rolls are delicious with hot brisket. One of our favorite lunch outings. I would recommend to anyone who loves a good sandwich the best pastrami you'll find anywhere........another favorite of mine is their mac and cheese........I just wish they had a place closer to me again so I could go there more  and the bread is soft. They have awesome options. Best sandwiches ever! This is a must go to." OMG I haven't even been there yet and I love this place my husband Pete just won a year of free pastrami YUM! Plus it's right next to Last Chance. Double win."  or any deli-type fare. I have no idea what their fruit salad or their pancakes taste like and you shouldn't either. Order real deli food and I guarantee you will be satisfied!" Had the stuffed cabbage. delicious!!!!!!! Side of veggies and water. Will definitely be back. OH! And to Kyle S. Who has his taste buds set on Big Mac's and Dorito's. I am quite sure this fine establishment will be here way past your expiration date. So there is no need for you to return and ruin your youthful vibe to choke down a meal that was made in house instead of pressed and steamed at a factory overseas."  you just cannot beat a good deli and this place rocks. I was overwhelmed by the choices but the Rueben was calling. As you walk through he line you just point and ask and pick it up at the end. After biting into my sandwich I could understand why it was crowded. Good food and prices. Service is quick and with a smile. This is a must stop Make sure you have time for a wait as this place is always packed during lunch time.."  something new and great: chicken enchiladas! Never thought a deli could make such good chicken enchiladas Decided to stop in for lunch today since I wasn't totally sure what I was wanting and knew I'd find something here. I decided on 1/2 of a pastrami sandwich with mac & cheese (it was a special today) and fries since my 1/2 of my sandwich comes with two sides. It was still a bit to much food but that's ok. Service is always great and it is always very clean. The staff is always friendly as well. Will certainly keep this spot in mind again for lunch soon.  so I had an omelet.  You get 5 out of a too-short list of add-ins.  Wish there was more kinds of cheese.  But the ingredients were all fully mixed-in and quite tasty." I went in on a Friday around 10:45 and I was the only person in line.  So I guess I missed the lunch crowds everyone else is talking about!" Great place for lunch! Their pastrami sandwich on sour dough bread is one of the best in town.  it's creepy alright. Had the pastrami hash $10 for an infant sized portion. I don't know how this place is even around. It's a sad weird place frozen in time. Avoid at all costs. I've done the work for you now eat elsewhere."  and your memory of the hot pastrami on a kaiser roll will be the only thing worth remembering from your visit to Miracle Mile. You might also remember the time you assaulted that friendly New Yorker  always consistent! ! And...food looks like their pictures when served !!" "This is a place we visited after seeing it on Diners Drive Ins and Dives. It is a dive but the food was really good. I would suggest the pastrami sandwich Absolutely fantastic parking!" This place is legit! We ordered the New Yorker and the turkacado! Both were excellent! Not sure if they had a toasted bread option but that would be my only recommendation! This place knows what they are doing! Staff was friendly and service was so fast! We even checked in on yelp and got a free Mac and cheese which was delicious!! Definitely recommend this place!  I have been robbed. I was getting cat food at the adjacent store and tummy was rumbling so I stopped in to get a sandwich. I got the pastrami with slaw sans dressing on an onion bun with a side of mac and cheese. OMG! It was so delicious I actually called my husband at work to rave. Pastrami was super tender gratefully not completely stripped of the mandatory marbling I'm sure sets it apart from other pastrami I had historically steered clear of. Mac and cheese was the gooey traditional kind with a thick coat of cheese on top. Coleslaw was sweet "Plain sandwiches and too high a price. Maybe its because transplanted or formers new yorkers are used to paying 40 dollars for 3 average sized sandwiches and two fountain drinks. Maybe its the nostalgia of a delicatessen Huge portions but the food is amazing. My fav is the straw sandwich.  I sometimes get half sand w fries or fruit or pasta salad or  soup in the winter.  The veggie soup is amazing! So fresh w big chunks of veggies. fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg big portion and very satisfying. I also recommend the kaiser roll with your menu choice. We went with a crowd and everyone was satisfied." The place is packed at lunch and a little more expensive for a to-go sandwich than usual (about $10-12) but it's worth every penny." I am going to give them another try for lunch.  The owner was so helpful in his response.  Thanks." "They moved a few miles away. Good food. Not cheap. No parking and had to park on the street. It's a lot smaller than the other place  the service is superb. We're regulars now. Gotta try this place out!"  ownership that brings its people WITH when they move?  People like Gerardo who know u and remember u and Troy the manager who will help u do anything u need which would undoubtedly include cutting your meal if needed.  The food is amazing... Got to have good food AND service and they do.  Love us some Miracle Mile!" I have been to this restaurant several times with the last time being about 9 years ago. With that said I will say this place has definitely changed. I ate the stuffed cabbage and my wife ate the straw sandwich. The food was okay but not great as in the past. The new location on 16th street is small in comparison and parking is cramped. On busy days you will be hard pressed to get served in a timely fashion. Chances of me eating here again will be slim. "Hands down the best deli around!! I always get the brisket of beef on an onion bun. So tender and delicious!!! Now that I've written this "A true French cafe serving authentic French fare hidden in a cluster of tall office buildings.  Look no farther for pastries  the after dinner or before movie treats here are very good." Minus one star for the Malthusian disaster that is the Esplanade parking garage."  I entertained myself during my meal by reading through a french recipe magazine.  Marveilleux!" I really must return soon to sample more of the lunch fare."  there are some drawbacks. My frequent dining companion usually gets a sandwich Yet I keep coming back like a battered wife. Maybe it's the way the owner exclaims ""Bon Appetit!"" as he's serving your meal. And he means it. It's adorable." Highlight: Don't know what to get? Ask for a recommendation. You won't be sorry." "Not the best croissant I've had and the almondine was a bit tough.  The owners are very pleasant in that European way and make you feel welcome.  I'll have to try them for a Euro sandwich sometime since I seem to like them better than I liked their pastry.  Sometimes its not just about the food  sent me a very sweet message thanking me for the business and wishing me a happy holiday. You can't put a price on such good nature!" My mom loved her danish thing that she ate the next morning I want to go back and try an actual meal. But with certainty - it will always be a favorite spot for desert." UPDATE:  Catherine emailed to inform me that they fill their turnovers with ""superpomme  trekking around for lunch near my hotel. I went down a narrow unmarked alley that happened to have a string of shops wedged in between two soul-less office buildings. And there is this authentic french bistro Be sure to check out the quiche lorraine and to try one of the eclairs. The only thing that is painfully missing from this place is having a stock of Orangina in the fridge I left very disappointed with my dinner selection that day Au Petit Four makes me proud to be 1/4th french. Au revoir  so no surprise. I'm very impressed and can't wait to go back." Maybe I came on an off day because it looks like several other reviewers didn't have the freshness problem I did." "Au Petit Four makes amazing French pastries!  I used them for an office catering event Still on a quest for the proper French baguette." I have visited Au Petit Four twice and I love it!  It's very small and has wonderful service.  My favorite reason to visit is dessert!  They have marvelous french pastries!  Breakfast is delicious too!  1/2 a cold sandwich and soup. The soup was a minestrone and it was so fresh! The noodles were nice and firm and there were tons of vegetables and beans. For the sandwich I ordered the Prosciutto & Brie and it was awesome! For 2 lunch combos Their iced coffee is spectacular. The sugar free vanilla and Carmel is straight from France and it makes the perfect blend of refreshing coffee with a huge caffeinated kick. The staff is friendly and they have great seating to stay for awhile and do work. So in summary  warm and inviting with French artwork while music played in the background.  The owner and his wife basically run the show.  They were very friendly and attentive.  I will strive to come here as often as I can so I can fine tune my French.  I have a feeling I will make it through most of their menu! The smoked breast of duck sounded intriguing! j'adore duck!" A great French bakery without having to deal with the French pretension.  The sandwiches are good but the true joy comes from biting into one of their fresh pastries.  Well done Mr. Pierre Dufour.  and chocolate mousse and they are all very smooth and creamy. This place also serve breakfast and lunch menu  but they were out. The waiter suggested the Panini over the Parisian and a salad. The wife ordered the Weekend special only to find they were out of that too? It's the Weekend special on Friday! She settled on salad and Beef Borguignon. The salad was wilted and the dressing was so mild it was hard to tell what it was. My best guess was a quarter-teaspoon of Grey Poupon and 2 oz. of olive oil. Soon my sandwich arrived and it was a slice of lunch-meat and a half slice of Swiss on a grocery store sesame-seed hamburger bun. At that point I was done  stop by and pick up  a sinful treat and head to your movie..definitely worth the money..more than the popcorn!" "The scrambled eggs with croissant were good. Ambiance is non-existent. No french bakery feel at all. The products looked semi-appealing. Had a really hard time trying to find the damn place as it is hidden under a gargantuan office building. I would not by any means call this a ""great"" french bakery." "Pierre and his lovely wife are the very best! True french bakers! Their pastries and sandwiches are delicate and so beautifully made!  True works of art and one can tell they care! Such personable people! If you love true french cakes I really enjoyed this place!!" "they post daily lunch specials in the window...yesterday I had a ham croissant for $5 and it was fantastic! just the right amount of meat The dining experience was elevated by the attentiveness of the owners.  They were extremely friendly and genuinely concerned about my enjoyment of the meal. Oh  be sure to call because they have had to decrease their hours of operation. Also I would not recommend this place and certainly will not go back."  but we drove from Ahwatukee.  So not worth it.  Do not drive to this place.  Do not go out of your way for this place."  this is 2011 and either update your website or inform people if you close early because it is slow. We drove from Southern Scottsdale to Arcadia and it was a waste of time. Also  I could have eaten better at a cafeteria. The price is OUTRAGEOUS! Dinner came to $56 for a cafe?! Ridiculous. It's just not worth it  about three weeks after my initial visit I walked in and went straight to the pastry display. I purchased a couple of croissants and two of what the owner described as King's Torte (an Epiphany staple). Although it set me back almost $20.00  but just came by to tell us the total.  We were all pretty tired and didn't give too much thought of the amounts. I am extremely disappointed 10 items for $48.50 = Average $4.85 per item since we don't know the prices (non alcohol drinks and dessert)!  REALLY?????  I feel a little ripped off." I'm going to try something for breakfast tomorrow and will definitely try it again!" I really love this new location. It look cute and feel like I got lose into France. My favorite are chocolate croissant and black forest cake. To read the rest of Frenchie B.'s review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/au-petit-four-scottsdale#hrid:b6f4KzsK5ApkWZxLumt-SA"  that type of attitude is not needed from those who are related to the owners or who are the owners.   Very disappointing.  Desserts are worth more than Mc D's yes however the attitude is not worth my time  but seemed to be the only one to take care of just about everything except the actual cooking." I think this is a cute little French cafe to stop by for a quick lunch if you are in the area but I would definitely agree with Suzanne S. that it is not a destination restaurant at all.  There are a lot better options nearby." Bottom line: GREAT food  The service was friendly and attentive the lunch specials were good too ! The only disapointing thing is there is no soda fountain but other than that it's all good the pasties were very tasty and I look forward to going back soon."  so here's to the young woman who kills it in the service department! and to all the fresh delicious food!" "Au Petit Four a disappointment to say the least. We ordered Napolean pastry from them to serve at a party. When they were served we found the pastry had been burned. I took them back and indicated that that I was disappointed and that the pastry was not only burned but tasted that way. Rather than apologise we were given the excuse that the pastry wasn't burned they make it that way so the filling doesn't cause the pastry to get soggy. I have had numerous Napoleans and never one that had pastry dough that dark and tasted burned. They also indicated that they sold fifty that day in the cafe and no one complained. I saw the pasty case and there were not fifty left maybe six. I doubt very much if they even sold those. I guess they think that people in Arizona don't have sophisticated taste and they are the only ones that know anything. I have more faith in the people of Arizona and I think they would know the difference between something burned and not  true Frenchman. A very proud owner. Curbside appeal is non existent. The interior is inviting & charming. The pastry display is disappointing & a bit unkept The pastries here are awesome. They are the best in the valley. The owner is really friendly. I love the chocolate ganache and black forest . It is a little expensive but it is well worth the money !! Love this quaint little place. The owner is the sweetest Frenchmen I've met. I stopped in on a rainy morning and had a spinach quiche. Great little place. He told me on Saturday they have special dinners and a Dj. Will be back!! Owners are very nice and friendly. I didn't try much more but it is worth a stop just for that !" "Decided to try something new for our date night and OMG! What a wonderful surprise. Do not be discouraged by the way it looks. The food is amazing and cannot be more authentic. Both  which is sad to see considering the 3 breakfast places adjacent to it had a 30-40min waiting line. I really want Au Petit Four to succeed but they need to overhaul the quality of their food and the attentiveness of their staff. With no customers to make them busy Downside: not a great variety of options for vegetarians like me... but enough that you can repeatedly go back for those few dishes you specifically crave."  lunch and dinner. I thought the prices were pretty steep. The owners were very friendly." Will not go there ever again!"  This place is different-in a good way. If you want a place to enjoy food with your mates this is it. Enjoy food  looked and tasted like it was about 4 days old which surprised us they would serve and charge for that.  Probably won't go back since there are better options in the area  and got rock star parking. Only two of the dozen or so tables were occupied. Although I am not a big fan of the over-enthusiastic greeting Recently went into the ""new"" location and the food is still the same fantastic quality." Had lunch here today with group of 8 people from out of town.  The food was great and the atmosphere was fun and interesting.  Next time will HAVE to try the sweets! If you are in hurry please do not go here and then complain online. This place is so good and one of my favs in Scottsdale." Pierre and daughter were wonderful. The patisserie was superb. Best Pastry in Greater Phoenix As of this review I have not been in for food of a non sugar primary ingredient variety  and very accommodating. Was even offering us to call him for advice if we ever decided to go to France to help us and let us know where to go as it would be easier. The pesto chicken sandwich was good as well. My boyfriend had a sandwich in crepes - which also was shockingly good. They have a multitude of variety for their sandwiches but still light feeling. They give you a good deal of a portion size. They are quick as well. They have a bakery for some pastries - which I want to go back to and take a look at. All their water is bottled too Perhaps their desserts are amazing?" Go to Essence Bakery instead."  thankful and kind.  The food was amazing...ham and cheese crepe and my friends and I shared a napoleon for dessert - just like I remember them in France.  This place is the real deal...check it out!" The atmosphere is simple and ""family owned"". (The croissant  really should get 10 stars)"  then proceeded to handle my food without gloves.  The problem here is that he actually touched my food with his hands as he steadied the food on the spatula.  He then placed my food on the counter This place is nothing wonderful. The croissants are nothing out of the world. They are half the size of what you would get else where and double the price. They are the most expensive I have had in all of US at $4.80 a piece!! They were stale and nothing great and this was in the morning at 8am. Go else where nothing was fresh and safway quality pastry..really!" "This place was great. We enjoyed how small and authentic it was. Low pretense I loved this place.  The food was good. The surroundings were peaceful. The servers were friendly.   Tired of corporate restaurants and was so happy to find a local breakfast place that takes their time to make good food. "I am a BIG fan of french food and found this hidden french family owned restaurant while walking back to my car one afternoon. After looking at the menu outside of the restaurant I added it to one of my ""must try"" restaurants where it sat for a couple months. Finally I made it to breakfast and was pleasantly surprised! There wasn't much going on with the exterior decor of this place and unless you were looking for this place you would easily walk right by and not even notice it. The interior was decorated with pictures and paintings of Paris and France. There are two tables only on the entrance patio and about 20 tables total on the inside. Out of all of the times I have been here there has never been more than 3 other tables filled at a time. Its very quiet with mellow French music playing in the background. The owner has a very sharp french accent which I really enjoy and it always brings back a lot of great memories of my past trips to France. There were a lot of great options to choose from on the menu. I myself am a HUGE fan of the crepes and swear by them and they are cooked to perfection and there are a ton of great choices to choose from. The eggs benedict is also amazing! I have only had the breakfast here and its as good as the phenomenal and authentic food I have experienced throughout France. The service here has always been great. The pastries are wonderful if you like sweets and croissants also are a great choice and literally melt in your mouth. Overall Word of advice: get rid of all the gimicky advertisements including the sign for the casino. Make it into a french cafe NOT a billboard in Times Square."  they smelled like the fridge they were kept in. The macaroon was so old and crunchy that I spit it out. One bite of the tiramisu and I threw it out. Don't waste your money at this place. $12 for two very gross pastries."  cafe and patisserie. Eat the quiche. Skip the coffee." Quiet little place. We stopped buy and got some croissants and tiramisu OMG very light and delish!! Would take some pics but we ate them all. Love this place!  Just found out they are closed!  Looking for a new location to reopen.... I'm so heart broken that this place closed down. My husband and I stopped here everytime we came to Scottsdale for desert and coffee. And above all for Macaroons to go. I loved the ambiance just such a cute place with character. I'm going to miss taking to the owner with his French accent about different pastries. I have yet to find Macaroons that have been so delicious!  the regular speard of cold sammies and a few hot sandwiches too."  past the ducks and turtles who are enjoying the pond.    I am so happy to be able to support Sammy and his small business without sacrificing anything!"  best BLT (comes with avocado!) I've ever had. Sami the owner is always on location and makes sure you are taken care of.  The food is fresh We were stuck for something to grab to eat. Nothing marks this place out: yet another pizza place in yet another strip mall. But the pizza was actually quite good. the chicken wings gave me food poisoning.  will avoid in the future.  a good couple slices of pie.  I'm likely to go back!" Great pizza and wings...ok price  but the pizza was extremely bland.  The wings weren't very tasty either and the fried zucchini/mozzarella was equally as bland.  I would not go so far as to say I would recommend them to a friend."  I go to Frank's pizza and demand my money back. I witnessed the delivery guy return and noted he was not carrying my order. Hmmm. So on top of really poor service I had been lied to as well. While I was waiting there (both times)  i watched a really incompetent staff handling the food with bare hands  they don't have a clue as to the location of the drivers.  Worst service ever.  WILL NEVER ORDER FROM HERE AGAIN" Next time I'm at the store next door around lunchtime  decent menu. I personally like the pizza and wing special." Pizza is awesome! Thanks really needed it while I was studying. Lol  I don't usually like to. The place is run-down and not so cute. But I love supporting local businesses and this is a great one. Beats Domino's or the recently stingy Papa John's any day."  Frank's? Why did you have to break my pizza loving heart?" "The pizza has really never been any good but at one time it was a pizza and wings combo at a decent price. At this point  there are more violations on this restaurant than should be legal.  How are they in business??  Please either boycott this restaurant or the health department should shut it down.  Truly awful."  just overpriced and not that great." The food at franks is terrible the worst value for the dollar I wouldnt feed their food to my dog... franks sucks hands down terrible  as i am never ordering from them again. The delivery driver did not understand my frustration with that and was rude and condescending when i complained." I got the 2 slice medium drink combo. The flavor of the pizza was good but very thin. I put the slices on each other and it barely made the thickness of a normal slice. But for 4 dollars its def worth it. "The pizza was ok but the service was terrible. I stopped in for a quick lunch and got the slice special but it ended up taking an hour after waiting several minutes for someone at the front counter and then again for the slices. The place was empty other than myself  but after waiting over 40 minutes for a sandwich we were justified in feeling a bit frustrated. We were the only people there and there were three people working. Overall I saw one or two people stopping for pizza pick-up so maybe that's the way to go?"  but it's still good for the price. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone in the neighborhood." This place ROCKS!!! I can't say enough good things! The people are so sweet and wonderful :) This place has great pizza and an amazing price.  It's always fresh and the owner is super friendly. If I could give this place 0 stars I would. I have never had a worse experience in my life. Absolutely horrible service. My recommendation is to never go here. Awesome thin crust pizza! I had 2 slices and a pop for $3.99 and they weren't just huge they were so good best pizza I've had so far!  but this is my #1 pizza delivery joint!  We probably get Frank's close to once a week. Delicious pizza and wings every time!" "Awesome! Kind of a divey place and not good for eat in but this is your neighborhood take-out pizza joint! Some reviews complain about bland crust This is the best pizza and wing joint around Phoenix. Place has been renovated and has new owners managers and employees. Ordered pizza and wings it was delicious.  it just kills the entire meal.  I'll never understand how pizza and wing places can have basic ranch that tastes out of a packet."  and service is just as good. Delivery is never cold (and the guy who looks like he's from Son's of Anarchy delivering is a super nice guy)!"  neighborhood pizza spot but worth a try. They have more than just pizza but I've yet try anything..." "Bomb sauce!!! Haha literally!  This is my first time ordering from here.  I will be back for sure.. i ordered the garlic cheese bread..... so good Been going to franks for years. Definitely adding this to my lunch rotation!  The pizza was fresh and hot and delicious!  The service was outstanding and the place was clean.  My only complaint is that I can't get the 2 slices and a soda special delivered. "I was pleasantly surprised how good this pizza was "4 stars bc it's excellent value pizza. Getting pizza by the slice is the best way to order here. Great place for a 6-7 dollar lunch.  It's not a high end fancy place Excellent!!!  We have lots of kids and it was delivered promptly and so very very good! We will definitely be ordering from here again!! We eat lots of pizza by far the best we have had yet :) We had the calazone  and it was so stuffed and yummy. Cheese sticks were way more then we expected and the turkey  sandwich was to die for :) and pizza was devoured! Definitely will recommend to anyone and everyone I know :)  and pizza was rubbery from sitting in the warmer too long. What a waste of time and money. There are MANY better options out there for pizza than Frank's." Family owned and operated."  they were right on the dot! I cannot thank them enough for making my wife's birthday memorable!!!! She said the pizza was fantastic!!" "lets just say i lost sleep thinking about eating my leftover slice from here.. but i maintained and was resilient in making myself wait for morning  the crust was so thick and the whole thing was under cooked (I'm not sure what was cooking for the 40min I waited for this thing!) Even after throwing slices into my own oven to try to crisp them up  but not anymore. We will be sure to dissuade anyone from using Franks for their pizza delivery. Too bad I stopped in for lunch being I just moved in the area. I ordered the two pieces of pie and drink. Rather then it sitting around on a pan in the back room. This came right out of the oven and super hot. Had to wait a bit to cool down. The pieces were large and had great cheese and sauce. I will order again. 4 cheese pizza is amazing  will definitely be coming back again!" "My kids love Frank's Pizza and Wings! I love using the Yelp/ Eat24 app to order so thanks for getting on board with that Franks!!  I absolutely could not feel good about giving the fifth star because of pizza cost and delivery times. I actually drove in to pick up my pizza and was there and back with pizza in like 30 minutes the other day. When we get delivery we are usually waiting an hour at least. That is no fun. Also It also took sixty minutes which is absurd for a pizza I order at 11 AM." Would I return?  Probably not.  Frank's is just too far of a drive for me when better and cheaper pizza is available closer to home.  But  finally got to a person who couldn't then my order.  I was then put on hold to talk with a ""manager"".  I am not sure what he manages ***Best part: Delivery was IMPECCABLY fast!***"  so I order through grub hub.  I would recommend this place "Great pizza! Not those damn tiny teeny 1 person pizzas for $20 like most places in downtown Phoenix! HUGE big slice delicious greasy heaven. And yes "The most delicious pizza I have had in a very long time!  Not only delicious pizza My friends and I had pizza delivered. It tasted decent.  I was impressed with how quick it was delivered and the pizza was still very hot.  my order got here in a timely manner and I must say it was amazing pizza. Will be ordering franks again that's for sure." "I called ahead for a postponed delivery; the pizza arrived 20 minutes later than scheduled. I ordered thin/crispy crust; it was thin I wish there was an option for zero stars! This place has the worse service and even more terrible delivery service! Waited for an hour and a half for delivery called 7 times to cancel the order for them to hang up once and then tell me they can't give me my money back! They were extremely rude and not helpful at all! Went by the other day. Closed sign on the window  thank Jebus! My friend ordered his sub and when we got to the counter the one employee says to the other: ""what's that crawling on the floor"" under his breath. My friend and I pretended not to hear as we walk out...I so much wanted to turn around and hear what it was...but I feared I would loose my love for Subway... *sigh* I hope it was just...cricket or something from outside. My friend said the food was great though... I mean their store front was clean SUBWAY is consistently good and delicious (except tonight they were out of Seafood Sensation)." Great service. Very friendly and helpful workers. They got my requests correct and very knowledgeable when I asked questions. My new location. I'm hoping that this isn't another change in procedure at Subway - I was very sad when they got rid of the U-cut  friendly! Love this new Subway! Young lady who made our subs (meatball with pep & cold cut) was extremely friendly and helpful with a nice sense of humor Ordered a meatball sub. Guy dug out all the sauce from the bottom of the container along with one meatball. I had to tell him it was the worse looking sandwich I'd ever seen. He asked if I wanted more meatballs. Yeah! More than one on a sandwich would be nice. He found another container fresh with more meatballs and place a couple on the bread. I also ordered a steak and cheese sub toasted. Got back to my office 3 minutes away and the meat ball sub bread was a mess. My steak and cheese wasn't even hot enough to melt the cheese.  Terrible. Last time there for me. "Strip mall mediterranean. Unbelievably clean place with unbelievably sweet owners. The chicken gyros This is the kind of mom and pop business I like supporting. They are very nice." ejfy33R1avFm7oygL34uQg I will definitely be coming back.  I can't wait to try more!!!!!!"  I agree this place is a gem.  I have always had terrific food here (the gyros and salad's  are awesome).  ALWAYS fresh.  A little expensive considering it's a dive (a very clean one though).  And i have had co-workers complain they don't give you enough food.  But giving 5 stars based on the quality of the food"  although the uber-convenient location of Elie's may mean that I return a few more times. I will definitely update if I go back and try something more on-point." I wish the Valley had more places like this."  even resorting to making my own but it is never the same as Elie's. Elie is so warm and inviting as she serves you herself. Prices are a little high but so is the quality. The fries are fresh and so is the meat. The pitas are so soft and fresh  are the grape leaves. they used to have such good ones...and it was a main reason i kept coming back. also their yogurt with cucumbers (not exactly like tziki And don't forget CASH ONLY means no debit cards! BTW That's a shout out for the dude who came in behind me who said ""what  it's quiet and we enjoy a leisurely meal with some really great healthy food.  Favorite is the grilled chicken pita wtih hummus.  Don't know how he seasons the chicken but it is to perfection with a slight hint of garlic.  Sometimes I get it with rice - yum!  Everything is really fresh and cooked to order.  Portions are generous - you won't go away hungry.  Just writing this makes me want to go back NOW!" "Elie's is the best in town! I love the feta gyro and the mixed meat salad. The pita bread is light and fluffy and the hummus is excellent! All are FANTASTIC! Portions are big. Customer service is wonderful! It is a little high in cost "i've gone back to elie's and took note that the grape leaves are back on the menu I need to try this place one more time and see if my experience is comparable.  If it is  and he owner / chef was friendly and nice to talk to.  We had the chicken gyro with feta and the classic beef gyro.  The roasted veggies on the gyros added flavor and nutritional content.  The pitas were extremely soft and fluffy.  You must try the hummus -- it's homemade and fresh with a bit of lemony taste to it." Definitely best gyros in Phoenix  with friendly service and good food. You should check it out!" "Two stars is ""Meh.  I've experienced better"" which is how I felt after eating at Elie's Deli.  I had a greek salad with grilled chicken and it was just ok.  My colleague had the falafel and she said the same thing about her meal.  Bottom line ejfy33R1avFm7oygL34uQg  but C'mon I'm in there too eat.  The woman has remembered me and my wife despite a number of weeks between visits.  This place is very refreshing in an era of dying customer service.  Don't judge a book by it's cover because you'll miss out on this gem." I would definitely recommend everyone go give them a try." "Just about now you are wondering are these reviews for real.well they are the food is first rate. It was just delicious. The brother and sister that run it are proud of their business and they have a right to be the food is first rate. They have been in the food business for 30 years and they care about what they do. They shop everyday themselves no deliveries because they are so particular about the food they serve. The place is super clean and they have an outstanding inspector rating. Best of all their 90 year old mother was still working taking pride in what she does not because she has to because she wants to. I am sorry we did not get here sooner  the menu is much more extensive than Mediterranean food . You can dine-in or take-out. They have American style deli sandwiches and burgers too...some things I'll have to try the next time I come to Phoenix. Maybe. If I don't get the gyro again." Great lil mom and pop joint had the chicken gyro and salad. Salad was fresh and crisp gyro was tasty  your order comes out FAST (i got my hummus and falafel pita within minutes of ordering--i barely had time to sit down!).  this is a little hole in the wall deli off 44th and thomas but well worth a visit. i haven't tried the famed gyro yet but i'm looking forward to it!"  elie's is now closed for good. they were sweet people who served good food. i hope they are okay  this was the saddest day of the year when Elie's Deli closed its doors.  I honestly almost cried."  you's have to drive a good distance and pay a lot more for better. This place is our favorite neighborhood pizzaria hands down. Amazing that the chains like Dominoe's can even survive in our neighborhood with Slice of Sicily here. Give it a try!" "What more can you ask for when you walk into this family run joint?  The food is great and there are tons of regulars that it almost feels like a mini version of ""Cheers"".  The white pizza is particularly fantastic!" I hope this review is beyond satisfactory to those who take this site way way way too seriously.  I tried to write a few more paragraphs Bring in your favorite bottle of wine and they'll provide the glasses." j0Uc-GuOe-x9_N_IK1KPpA  and it's definitely family owned!  We'll definitely keep going - mostly for convenience and value..."  my dad and I eat here. We order the same thing... pizza wraps. they are good and fillng. iced tea hits the spot. Typical strip mall pizza."  the food is not that great to put up with the mood of this place. This isn't like the soup Nazi from Seinfeld. Sometimes the place is open and sometimes it is not which makes for crappy business."  I have forsaken pizza chains due to the superb quality of the food at Slice of Sicily." "I will give S.o.S. a 4 star rating for now for two reasons. I have only tried two items from their menu. The pizza and the cheese calzone. Definitely a solid pizza and an awesome calzone. The only downside is that it is a little bit small and fills up quick. It's not a problem if you're doing carry out but if you're on your lunch break and want to sit down and enjoy your meal it can be difficult at times. They have great lunch specials and all the typical dishes that you will find at a basic Italian joint. Although I can't say for sure  a fascinating destination for a cheap pizza lunch and an interesting experience." Donna definitely enhanced my visit.  She was sassy towards my bro-in-law considering he was outnumbered by the women surrounding him.  I liked that and so did he.  She gives it to ya straight.  Donna and my Mom hit it off.  I hope they become friends." I can't comment on the rest of the menu as I've only ordered the Chicken Parm. Yeah and you are hooked..." Great New York style pizza. I got slices to go which is so convenient! This is def my new fave pizza place.  it can make or break the experience ). The crust and cheese all blend and don't compete for flavors. I gotta tell you I've never ate in but the pizza is always ready on time and I enjoy the hostess/waitress a lot in person. She's a firecracker."  you save a little money on drinks.  Simply the best of Phoenix." dud for me :/ maybe ill get a chance to try it when it's actually open"  relaxed atmosphere and good food. What more could you ask for. The owners made sure to greet us and came out to the table to check on everything. I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the Phoenix area looking for some great NY style pizza!" Great pizza. We've been searching for a reliable standby since we moved to Phoenix. It hit the spot. Better than the others in the neighborhood. Donna and Bill know how to keep us happy with the best pizza and calzones around.  You will always feel like you have stepped back east for lunch or dinner when you go there.  Casual and friendly atmosphere. "We prefer Pizza A Metro now. Tastes great and catches you way off guard. But we'll return on occasion to Slice of Sicily. They still have a fun place and solid food. They know our neighborhood Delicious food and abusive service. Best of NY. Woo Hoo. Food - Its good.  Although I'm not sure if they are cooking everything from their frozen state... I once had their chicken parmasean and it tasted that way.  I've also had their spaghetti and ravioli Of course it means we do not get to see Donna and Bill in person One of the best white pizzas I have ever had! I can't believe I waited so long to try this place out! I love the owners! So nice and funny. They hung out with us at our table and shot the shit for awhile. I've been meaning to go back but my only grip about this place is their hours. I usually don't get home from work in time to get here before closing! But I will have to make time and go back soon for this awesome local restaurant. The hostess/lady who took my order was very polite and created brief and pleasant small talk. I ordered 2 cheese slices to go and my food was given to me within 5 minutes. The price was reasonable. The pizza was in my opinion slightly above average. The restaurant itself wasn't the most charming and the location wasn't the greatest but not the worst either. But for quick take out it was ok. Giving it 3 stars.  and Donna is a hoot plus provides great service. ate lunch regularly there when i worked on 44th street." "Was looking for some pizza while in Phoenix for business. I stumbled on this little place an wow!! The service I have to tell you when I think of Italian food I think of Slice of Sicily. Two of my favorites are the baked ziti and the manicotti. I like to visit here at least two times a month. Donna the owner never meets a stranger and makes sure your needs are met while you are there. You may want to try the garlic twists they are delicious but they go out the door fast. Bill cooks up some great dishes and Donna keeps the dining experience fun and treats everyone like family. They have both been in the business for so many years and know what they are doing." I would not come back here. It was middling at best and a bit depressing."  I just need a second visit to confirm the experience."  add all your favorite meats and tasty morsals...you'll be walking away feeling like you really ate something special." I should have walked out as soon as she said she had to see if they had any slices left.  I still can't understand how they could look at those burned slices and still put them into a box for a customer.  Never again.  The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1 is because the other pizza I saw while waiting for mine to be ready looked so good.  If they don't care about serving me a decent slice then I won't waste my time or money on them.  Sucks because I live right up the street." Why a 4 instead of a 5?  No beer; one can BYOB but I prefer to buy on premises  but I'm more into good food than good aesthetics. It's got a bit of a NYer attitude "talk about a place that puts the love into their food and cares about their customers They handed me the bag... a thin one that you could feel the unbearable to touch heat right through the bag.  Could they at least have double bagged it?  That would've been customer service.... and the bread was in a brown bag.  By the time I returned home   salad came out quick we ended up leaving after waiting 30 minutes for the rest of the order  salad & wings are all great!!! I'm really impressed and don't know how I've always lived here and never knew this place was here with so much to offer. My new go to!"  loaded with herbs and olive oil - just the way I like my late night pizza. Great sauce  so there are only a couple pizzerias I go to that I consider to fall into that category. Slice of Sicily is definitely top notch." "I called to order delivery and this adorable raspy voiced lady kept me chatting while she pulled someone's pie out of the oven and boxed it.  I ordered the 18"" meat lovers pizza Food tasted as good as stuff from back east. Owner and server Dona seems to have an attitude but its a sweetheart and serves great food. Best pizza we've had in a long time I definitely would go back. Really good pizza and 2 slice lunch special. I've definitely had better around PHX but not by much. Best pizza in Phoenix!! This obscure family-owned restaurant makes the some of the best pizza that I've ever had. The crust isn't thin nor is it super thick-- it's between the too. The ambiance is casual and co-owner/wife Donna keeps the customers hydrated and engaged in the front portion of the restaurant while her husband prepares each meal individually in the kitchen. This hidden gem is located behind Bosa donuts. Highly recommend!!  salad and Donna are amazing!  They are not that expensive but they have the  BEST pizza out there!!  I am so glad we found this place.  We frequent this place for lunch as it's pretty close to work.  You can't go wrong here!"  the meats and all. The last time I got it well-done and I couldn't stop making this-food-is-amazing sounds. And it's family-owned - 'nuf said."  I drive here at least monthly for a fix." Bagels for the office - fine.  Go for it.  They'll even pre-cut them which I think is a great option.  And they almost always have my fav (pumpernickel) available which gives them bonus points.  But for lunch?  Unless you're really having a very specific craving that Compared with the real deal in NYC or even some of its independent counterparts around Phoenix Edit: They have cleaned up service a bit.  Haven't had a single problem in several months." 5Js9G0axfWhbYlB9UgXLww Get the asiago cheese bagel with sun-dried tomato cream cheese!!!!!!!!! I'd probably give more stars if EVERYTHING was a bit cheaper...." Had a coupon for a free bagel and shmear from facebook so went in for my usual sun dried tomato bagel toasted with plain cream cheese.  I swallowed it down with a lemonade.  The bagels here are always pretty good and the breakfast sandwiches are good too. Love that they have the dozen to go bagels ready and boxed.  Ran in and ran out and back to the office to feed the team!  and their mass produced and over priced bagels aren't much better. I spent $6 on a bagel Went in today for a bagel an cream cheese. I used to always get a sun dried tomato bagel and today I found out it's discontinued. :( I will not be coming back anymore.  I warn you. Some of the employees don't pay attention."  I ordered my bagel with cream cheese (cream cheese being a $1.50 option) to go and that was my real mistake.  Whoever made the bagel didn't even manage to slice all the way through the bagel and put an amount of cream cheese approximately equivalent to a pat of butter on one-half of the bagel.  The other half was basically dry.  Unbelievable.  Needless to say  and I'd probably visit every morning if one was a bit closer to my house. But when did it become so pricey? Einstein was an old college hangout Looks like they have a new menu. The line is long at times. Service is fast once I was able to order. Overall very average. The service was slow. We asked about our order and they had skipped right over it. The half and half is always empty and we typically need to ask for it to be filled. There seem to be a lot of people on staff but still very very slow.   Their prices seem high for the product that you receive.  out of creamer for the coffee."  the pretzel world and the bagel one. And I love their cream cheese. It is light and fluffy. Plus it actually fills me up. As far as service and other conditions of the place. Eh I never been too bothered to notice. The guy who takes my orders now remembers my name  I was in a deep craving of fruits and this was the closest spot to me that Thursday that offered such small craving to-go. The service was okay/good. Could have been better."  enjoyed my bagel and tasty coffee Overall I'm a fan! Want to check this place out? I say give it a go!" It was very clean and just calm inside of Einstein on this lovely Sunday morning"  there's now more of a demand for both of these.  You can make more of them to meet the demand or don't and demand will go down from people like me not coming back to your store.  Dunkin Doughnuts  a dab of cranberry sauce and a mediocre turkey lunch meat slice for $8... Not worth it. Very disappointed. Good orange juice though."  and the last straw was the gross bathroom. You can tell it had not been cleaned in months. There was so much grime on the sink and the paper towel dispenser I was majorly grossed out. It makes me wonder how clean the kitchen area really was. My order was wrong which Happens no big deal... On top of that I have never had good customer service there- next time I will drive the extra 10 minutes out of my way to the location on Tatum and shea's- they're always friendly and it's very clean there." This Einsteins is always kicking. They do a good job of getting through the lines that happen prior to 10. The manager is very present and interacts with the customers frequently. They offer free wifi and don't mind if you hang out for awhile. The only opportunity would be cleaning. It is not always kept up after the morning rush. Girl at front counter was in a very bad mood didn't even say hi....  dirty and rude.. last time I'm coming here My daughter and I had a yummy breakfast. Fast service. Coffee is delicious. Bagel skinny sandwiches were good. I waited 20 minutes for my asiago bagel and I was the only one in the dining area  but they forgot about it and burned my bagel. Service is terrible.  strong coffee & a generous military discount. I'll definitely be coming back! Free wifi and ample seating The place is hopping early on sunday. We  stopped by to purchase bagels they have a large variety  they are very fresh . They lines moves quickly and also a large variety of smrars.staff is friendly . Only issue is their parking lot Service was quick - but all I had ordered was a sesame bagel with cream cheese. So I should be quick.  All I will say is that they barely put any cream cheese on the bagel!! I had to pull the bagel apart just to see they remembered to put it on!  suggest a good bagel place for me." 4 stars for the food; 1 star for the service."  tall is (as far as I know) the only term for Starbucks for) small size. But I consumed all my bagel just in time until the boss walked into the office today."  especially for the price) but WOW does the service stink. Last straw - only 1 person behind counter removing bagels from the baking racks. Looked right at me a few times but never said a word to me. Really Standard leaded coffee is good.  Recommend the breakfast bagel sausage sandwich on a six cheese bagel and their fresh squeezed orange juice.  Service is good.  Everyone is hustling and trying to get people thru as quickly as possible." Coming here is our weekend routine. But this is the second time in a month that they've been out of everything bagels. It's hard to go back with a 50% chance they won't have what you want. My favorite part of Einstein Bagels is that I can get breakfast at lunch time. Breakfast is my absolute favorite meal of the day  but this is the third weekend in a row that they've been out of everything bagels. Really?!?!" I've had some trouble with them being out of Everything bagels. But they seemed to have changed their process and had plenty of bagels today!!  We were moved quickly through the line and were in and out quickly. Friendly staff too. Top notch experience and love those Everything bagels!!  bacon sandwich.  It was filling and priced appropriately.  It needed a sauce of something herbaceous and then would've deserved additional stars.  No napkin in the bag.  Glad I had one in the car!" My bagel is the EASIEST THING EVER to remake. I am SUPER LOYAL to Einstein's "My biggest complaint is having to order at one computer then having to stand there and listen to it reread two feet away by a totally different person. Why does it even need to be loaded in the first computer? It really slows down the line and half the customers change their order I.e. Drink size I will never come here agen. The girl that took my order was illiterate. Had to repeat myself multiple. She was not professional at all talking in slang to the point were she could not be understood at all and trust me I know slang. Then she forgot my ice coffee that I orderd. She then proceed to make the coffee but I had no idea what she was doing or how much of creamer/ caramel to put into the cup. Another employ had to stop and shower her what to do eventually he took over and made my coffee him self. This whole process  was way to time consuming. I will not be returning here to any location. Much better off going to your competitor Starbucks and Dutch Bros. "I said I would never come here agen because of the horrible services I received last time. However my bf wanted to come here because he likes your sandwitches. So I agreed to tagging along. The gentleman in front of use walked out out and said to use befor he left that he had been waiting for over 10min and not one of the employs had acknowledged . being that we were very hungry and had not eaten breakfast we decided that we would wait still. We the only people in line waited another 8min. Not one of your employs said hello Line wasn't bad and service super sweet. I'll be back"  your a bagel shop. You definitely need some training in inventory/product management. Won't be wasting my time here again. Oh by the way It's simple mismanaged."  I always love visiting Einsteins on Indian School and 44th St becausewhen I'm in town because I love the jalapeo bagel toasted with jalapeo cream cheese. My visit back today was absolutely less than a wonderful experience. The staff seems ""rushed"" yet the store wasn't that busy I saw Einstein Bagels and pulled in.  I had never eaten at any Einstein Bros. before but I was super happy with my decision.  I got a egg and cheese everything bagel.  It hit the spot This location is always pretty busy. Fast and friendly service. I love the lox bagel! They also have a deal on Mondays for $6 bagels so you can be the hit of the office. Good local deli. Solid food & ok service. Big turnover of help & mgrs & pkg tricky. Overall recommended but get there early.  delicious feta yogurt dressing. Their soda sizes vary from an extreme small size to a large size cup that looks like a take-out-won-ton soup container. They have a great selection of iced teas and lemonade that make for great Arnold Palmers. Whenever I'm in Phoenix  I came to learn that there were a handful of good sandwich spots around that provided an excellent alternative to fast or cafeteria food. Back in AZ Hello???  Hot firemen and good sandwiches??  Yum yum yummie."  kind of sloppy and made with sub-standard quality ingredients.  I would actually rather get a sandwich from subway.  And it it way too loud to sit inside this place.  I wish it was better then it is because I can literally walk here from my house.  The salads are pretty good.  I'll give them that."  maybe noisy for some but I'd rather be in a place that feels busy and alive than the only one eating my sandwich. My  favorties are the Improv and the Gothic (warm sandwich). All sandwiches comes with a little cookies which is always pleasant I find. Only negative and I'll admit to ignoring the suggestion is that there is a sign by the owners that ask those who have ""regular"" sized cups to not refill. Not very customer friendly I think. But Go to Opa Grill next door instead." The sandwiches and salads make up for it I'll be inventing those napkin mittens before I come back to this place again."  I usually run to Subway where I can get a meal for almost half the price of Sacks."  that's one stellar way to sum up Sack's. Just shrug. Go on. Do it now. Shoulders up. Shoulders down. Yep. That's exactly how I feel about this place."  which takes some of the freshness away. Exotic flavors of iced tea like mango and pineapple green are a plus too If you like BLT's with avocado you MUST try the Jazz it is delightful!" My only dislike about Sacks is that is can get pretty loud at lunch.  It's usually crowded between 12-12:30 so I try to go early or after 1 pm.  And don't forget "Great place to get a sandwich. Oh  sprouts and stuffing! Probably defeats the healthy factor of ordering a turkey sandwich in the first place but well worth it! They also have a great Thai noodles salad side (just $1). They are fast and efficient but super popular. So be warned if you are in a hurry call ahead and place your order."  the high ceiling and sealed concrete floor can make it difficult to have a conversation in there when they are busy unless you are lucky enough to get a seat in the alcove.  They need some wall hangings in the rafters or sommat." "This is the one shop that comes to my mind when I want a sandwich. Quite possibly my favorite lunch...the Jazz My sandwich was tasty. It was ready soon after I ordered it. Pretty good. I'd go again.  very tasty stuff. They have a large variety of sandwiches with quirky little names. Oh and they throw in a cookie! Give it a try I'm sure you will enjoy it and want to go back for more."  as it reminds me of all of those peaceful afternoons spent sleeping during my Art History class." Note - during the lunch hour it can get busy and loud. We like to order ahead and skip the line by hitting up the ""to go"" counter." S8R5c7-plWe3NtmijYAJvg nice atmosphere& the drawings & it's convenient because it's on campus(: Sorry to say this folks but I went by Sacks (Indian School & 48th St) today and it is GONE! I can't find any info about the closing online so am hoping that the other locations are still up and running... Really liked this place too! New location is on Indian School Wish I could give zero stars" Get the encore sandwich!! Make sure to get it with the yogurt sauce!!  AMAZING!! Love love love..this place.. I try to eat here 2 times a week.. The jimmy buffet salad and mushroom soup are to die for..  but I usually take my lunch to go because the tables fill up quickly around the lunch rush.  If you haven't already "This place is just what I've been looking for in AZ- an amazing sandwich place!  I went to sacks for the first time yesterday and LOVED IT.  I built my own sandwich which is always a plus.  Im too picky to order sandwichs that are off the menu.  Huge sandwichs for a very reasonable price.  My sandwich was only 6 something.  I wouldve paid 10.  (Sacks  and if you have the same initials they put on the chalkboard that day - you get a free sandwich! My lunch date had the opposite of what was posted (D.S. instead of S.D) and the cashier gave us both free drinks. Super cool." There is something special about this combination of flavors.  Get one.  I dare ya."  the front counter guy is totally rude. I didn't come for two years after my last visit because of him and now I'm back. To my horror  and the acoustics rather loud. The restroom is really cute but could use seat covers and sweep & mop. If your initials match the predetermined ones on the chalkboard near the front door your sandwiches free. Just don't bother joking with the staff about their own chalkboard. They'll have no idea what you're talking about nor the sense of humor The bread is seriously the cheap kind you can get at the store. It comes with a cookie which doesn't taste like anything special. Lots of people like it here and I can't say anything really...negative happened. I just won't be back."  I admit it is Monday but I think even if it was Friday  non planet friendly sandwich shop and would not recommend it."  not fresh or nice tasting at all.  Just really not a very good place and not very good sandwiches.  The thing that really earks me and inspired me to write the review is their cocky name Sacks ""Art of Sandwicherie"".  There is NO art going on here 79MhROSJ1U8KBCupx7imRg Someone in class suggested this place and it was such a let down. A large group of us went and many people liked their sandwiches but my turkey cranberry w/ stuffing sandwich was awful. The stuffing looked like dog food and it tasted like cardboard and fennel. The cranberry sauce tasted like it came from a can and there was nothing special about the bread. The upside is we got our orders fairly quickly and the atmosphere was alright for a quick lunch spot.  not boring or bland.  I seriously can't get over all the haters on here who say they can make their own sandwich at home for less - you totally should!  The prices here are about $6.29 for a large sized sandwich  and bacon on wheat. Perfection. The employees are really nice as well. I like that I can get in and out quickly at this location (compared to the downtown location). I just wish there was a Sack's closer to home!"  but they were out of noodles that day. Why didn't they just call it chicken soup? Weird. It was still good. Call ahead to place your order because the wait can be a little long during the lunch rush!" I love almost any of the sandwhiches. Some of my favorites include the Encore  but I do plan on using that in the future when I can't get away to pick up or eat there.  Glad to have yet another reliable lunch option in the hood!" Very reasonable pricing! We'll be back!!!!!" Unimpressed and disappointed. There is nothing to these sandwiches. There are so many other places to get better sandwiches. Will not be returning. Not recommended.  We will never order from there again and we have 350 people in our office." "I have been going to Sacks for 10 years.  I typically go at least once per week.  The quality of the food has gone down hill in the past year and the customer service is marginal at best.  I really want to give 4+ stars  a good place to just pick up a sandwich or eat a sandwich or salad there. Great meat and cheese and fillings "Love this place but their hours on yelp is wrong. They close at 3 but yelp says 4pm  I rolled the dice and was more than happy with our meal. Ingredients were fresh and flavorful. Our large order was ready in only fifteen minutes. Big thumbs up to Sack's A vast menu.  Bring your friends and visit often."  and sometimes it's one of their creative daily specials. I've never been disappointed. Fresh ingredients and fantastic flavor Staff is super efficient." Best sandwich in town. Fresh baked bread and delish cookies! Great atmosphere and nice servers :)  and it too was amazing. Would recommend to my friends!" "My favorite thing here is the cajun chicken caesar salad! They have one of my favorite caesar salads in town.  They also have great sandwiches.  I'm pretty sure I have never had anything I don't like.  It can get busy at lunchtime  and mushrooms is amazing.  Always a friendly staff.  I wish they had one in Chandler." Extra: they give you a cookie with every sandwich. Not like a normal cookie. Like a chocolate chip cookie that has been cooked by Jesus. It's heavenly." "We go for the salads a-lot. The chicken and tuna salads are great. Simple and hearty. They always give you plenty to eat and the greens are always fresh. Sannies are good too. Not quite the same as the Duck & Decanter """The Remington""..... can't stay away from it! The others I have tried are delicious too. PLUS Great place for a quick lunch! They have quality sandwiches and daily specials that are always tasty. I love the location but the parking can be a bit tight during peak lunch times. The service is great and so is the atmosphere. I definitely recommend this place for a lunch spot!"  family-owned and operated sandwich and salad locale it is the ONLY choice for the best lunch in Arcadia. I have been ordering the Symphony (sans mayo - just a personal choice) toasted  cream cheese and mayo on 12 grain bread. I have been going to Sacks with my family since I was a little girl and literally ate it AT LEAST once a week when I was in high school. Another one of my favorites is their Mixed Chicken Salad with balsamic dressing. It is FABULOUS! I always recommend Sacks to anyone who is in the neighborhood and looking for a great lunch spot!"  the prices were decent and the food was excellent. I had a Chicken Salad which was great "Nothing special about these sandwiches.  Good I've been going to Sacks for close to 18 years. Always a great sandwich! My favorite is the symphony! Clean am friendly too.. love the new location.  and the place is seemingly run by people all very comfortable and familiar with each other (something I really like). Great beers on tap I WILL NEVER BE COMING BACK HERE AGAIN!!!!!" This is a great neighborhood bar and grill.  It is your basic menu with some surprises and daily dinner and soup specials .  I always seem to get the same things every time I go... I either like the London Beef Dip with fries (fries come with a mixture of regular and sweet potato fries which are yummy) or if I am looking for something a little lighter I love their chopped salad.  They make a house sangria that is fantastic and they also make their own infused pineapple vodka which is very tasty too. Wally's happy hour is from 4-6p M-F with $1 off cocktails & beer and $2 off all appetizers... I'll be back for more of that artichoke and spinach dip with a beer or 2 next time for sure!  See you there!"  I'll come back for the we serve mostly ""regulars"" feeling you get.  I don't think enough people know about this place but those that do come back for more.  The Cuban is my lunch of choice and the beer selection is perfect for happy hour." Definately a place I intend of coming back" Our server was attentive throughout the meal and checked in on us occasionally.  He offered dessert To5CjntVFawXM_hpAhvVdQ  it's definitely a great place to try.  But I wouldn't go out of your way to try it!" "We rode our bikes here ther other night and had a wonderful time and dinner for two + 2 drinks for $25. The food was very fresh and the patio is great. The ""hold in the wall"" feeling Nikki talks about is dead on! Try it out sometime when you just don't know where to go!"  but you can always bet it will be a satisfying meal for anyone considering going to a bar for dinner." Not a bad place to eat. A little pricey for what you get. Nice location with a patio. Good place for happy hour.  you may even run into Wally."  but we still love this neighborhood pub.  Can't go wrong with the cob salad.  Try the pinapple infused vodka."  Tuesday is Ta-tor Tot Tuesday & the sweat potato fries can make it a toss up. So check it out...you will be back." We are definitely fans of this place!  The veggie burger and wine burger are excellent. Loved the atmosphere. Very unpretentious as another reviewer posted. Wally's has a fun Cheer's like atmosphere. It's dog friendly and allows you to bring your dog on the patio. I recently ate on the patio with a friend and our three dogs. They catered to us and our dogs were very chill. It was a wonderful experience! The Wally's at Gainey ranch has a Dog Days Sundays event every Sunday. I'll be back... probably soon. Got another hair appointment I have been twice for happy hour. All their burgers are $7 during this time. I had one of the best veggie burgers I have ever had and definitely the best in the valley. My next visit I had the escargot with bleu cheese and it was delicious! I only wish the bread it was served with had been toasted otherwise it was perfect. I can't wait to visit the Gainey Village location.  especially on cold days. The Danish ribs are the best that I've had in the Valley--they fall off the bone and have a devine flavor. Friday lunch special is fish tacos and they are absolutely wonderful! I can go on and on On a recent trip to Scottsdale we randomly found this place and decided to go inside and boy were we impressed.  The ribs were perfect and amazing as was the fish and chips.  Our waiter Jeremy was a pleasure he made us laugh and feel welcome.  Wouldn't mind if he sat down and ate with us he was great!  Loved this place!  everyone knows your name. Wally... he's kind of a grouch. But whatever. I think he's just getting old... and tired of it all. The bar is adorable There is something old school cool about a joint where the Proprietor is almost always present and Wally's is that place. He's the guy with the grey hair and beard who probably handed you your menu. Tell him I said hello and that the Price family loves him like their own." I love the Vegetarian Burger they make here! So delicious! A really good menu and a very nice atmosphere! I recommend it! "My husband and I were heading for the Cork & Cleaver for lunch when it was discovered they were closed due to a fire. Lucky for us we ended up at Wally's and what a find this place is. The employee's are terrific and they really seem to enjoy their jobs. From the moment we walked in we felt like our patronage was wanted. Very comfortable and the greatest part  THIS place is the bomb-diggity!!! They are pretty reasonably priced for the amount of food they give you and oh... the food! Super delicious!! I've had a few different things there now and I'm NEVER let down!! Their French Onion soup is delicious and the cobb salad was outstanding! My ex always get their 4 cheese macaroni and LOVES it!!! You can NEVER go wrong with Wally's!!!!! :-)" "Solid menu! Great food and good atmosphere. Everything that I have had here has been delicious. Burgers To5CjntVFawXM_hpAhvVdQ  Spaghetti w/ HOMEMADE yummy meatballs/spinach/mushrooms (ok ok ok basically everything I've tried lol) and happy hour specials!  Family owned biz w awesome wait staff that know you by name!  Been coming for years and always consistent and fresh!  Also We had a hamburger it was a little dry. Overall just ok. This is a cool place to have a drink but the food NO WAY. It is not memorable and there are too many other food places close by." Great patio!  Great food!  Great staff!" Our waitress and the burgers were great! Started with the spicy wings that were spicy but sooooo tasty. Buttons and bleu burger was delicious and the fries were a mix of regular and sweet potato all in. One yummy mound. They even included an onion ring on the top. Perfection! Give this place a try.  but I thought it was incredibly rude that he would come out to question us! We've never had this experience at any eating establishment anywhere - I was really taken back. This is not indicitive of Wally's - but Wally I highly recommend the chop salad with cold chicken!!"  not ALL areas of the patio are dog friendly according to our host. So we had to sit away from the bulk of table and couldn't sit under the heaters (which also apparently couldn't be moved). It was 50* out and pretty chilly This is for Wally's American Pub/Grill over on Double Tree Ranch Road in Scottsdale - just off Scottsdale Road.  Very good food and a delightfully designed restaurant.  Excellent for a casual meal or for bringing business clients. The food is first-rate! Maybe this was an off day or perhaps I  ust ordered the wrong thing.  I might go back if I were in the area again - if only for the patio experience and I'm not particularly hungry." "An Irish pub on St. Paddy's day must be done!  I came here on Paddy's day for a few beers and lunch.  This is a place I could see myself frequenting once a week.  It has a down to earth vibe to it even though its in Arcadia.  I had the Shepherds pie for lunch.  I wasn't a fan of it It's a little tucked away  the food is really good and very fair priced. The wine was also priced really well and a bonus at half off.  Our server was prompt "service is always fantastic.  food is consistently amazing.  i have enjoyed this place for years.  I highly recommend any burger they make  unique. I saw MANY things that I would eat here when cheating :) Definitely not a healthy food place although they did have salads and veggie burgers. Very loud inside Food is great and the service is spot on. I would highly recommend this place. One of the best spots in the valley--compared to any other." The staff is so wonderful. The food is the best in town.  I hope to see you there because I will be there many times."  frankly not one thing to talk about.  A $10 - $14 burgers and salad kind of joint.  My son ordered the halibut special. The bill for a plate with some rice "Wally's is an upscale pub with a price tag to match but the menu is carefully thought out Ask for the daily specials.  The ribs are great but get there before they run out."  a pub type atmosphere.  Food was way overpriced for pub food. $10 for a wedge salad and $12 for a burger.  Service was mediocre  and haven't been disappointed yet.  Even the kids' mac'n'cheese is to die for!!  My favorite is the chinese chicken salad.  Good variety on the menu with consistent quality of food." To5CjntVFawXM_hpAhvVdQ "I've lived close to Wally's for a few years and have never been there until tonight. Shaun was the most amazing waiter and we  but I haven't been around the area too long yet."  the food is tasty and the prices are reasonable. What more can you ask for? We came here for dinner and sat at the bar but will definitely take advantage of their spacious outdoor patio next time. I ordered the veggie burger with a honey glaze coat which was amazing! My husband got the French dip and I stole a delicious bite. I want to order that next time. The sides were the best because they provide a mix of regular fries Prime Rib is always on point!"  I could see they had a great customer service protocol as we had our drinks within 2 minutes.  I followed suit with the others and ordered their wings ""Wally Style"" and onion rings.  Usually with appetizers This is a great spot if you're popping in to AJ's. Loved it!" Tried this place based on a recommendation and I was happy I did.  Wally seated us and he was really friendly along with all of the other staff.  They have great happy hour deals including delicious burgers!  Their mac n cheese was also really good.  We will definitely be repeat customers.  my friend was using their hot sauce to spice up her chip and the bartender came over and started twisting the lid back on without asking if she was done and my friend had to stop her from taking it away. She clearly has issues with letting people finish their meal. When it came to the bill she had to ask us how many drinks we had because she wasn't keeping track... It seriously was not a lot of drinks to keep track of either. I think this place would be OK if it wasn't for this bartender. I did order a salad on a separate occasion (when I warned her about the hot dip) and that proved to be disappointing as well  because the poor service I've received from Shannon on numerous occasions for take-out would have deterred me from coming back a long time ago."  you'd think the service would be reasonable. The only other time I saw the bartender was when my glass was empty. I ordered another thinking she'd offer me a menu at least...never happened!! So I paid requested my bill and went somewhere else to eat. Btw Their staff is chalk full of hotties." Got the bacon burger. It was so delicious. The cheddar was so good on this. I was really surprised by how much I liked the mixed fries as well. The sweet potato mixed with normal one was a nice twist. Will go again.  they treat you as if you've been coming here for years. They have great sangria and lots of decent beer on tap to go with their delicious food. My favorite dish so far has been the Prime Rib dip Got the gyuere and slab bacon s'mac. It was AMAZBALLS. There are about a dozen other things I want to try but so far so good. I can't wait to try something else. Awesome everyone!!! I'll be back tomorrow night!!!" I love the food and atmosphere at Wallys - the Chicken Vesuvius is sooooo good. Wally`s is my number one go to place in Phoenix to eat and bring people to when they are visiting. I go to Phoenix a few times a month and I frequently find myself eating here.  Their Gruyere and slab bacon s` mac is to die for. Probably my favorite Mac and cheese ever. And I eat a lot of Mac and cheese. Super good atmosphere for a date and they have great service. They were awesome to us last night and they were busy.  It was Valentine's and we still got timely and great service. Love Wallys! We hardly noticed the 3 pregnant women with the 3 toddlers running all over :).  Can't begrudge them for wanting good food!"  but don't order the pannini' s  the prices were fair (especially for amount of food) and outside sitting was perfect!  If ever in Phoenix again  great service and a team that is there to please. Arizona needs more of these establishments. Stay away from the chasins - make these local places florish!" "Chose this place at the last minute based on. Yelp reviews. It did not disappoint. The restaurant is similar to a sports bar theme but you can sit either inside or out. We arrived a little late  excellent menu... it is one of my favorite places to meet folks for dinner!" They make a hellova Cuban! You won't be sad you ordered it! Service is good and fast enough for lunch on a work day.  enjoyed the company of the great bartenders. The ruben sandwich was delicious and so were the wings." I read about Wally's in the Arcadia Times and thought I'd spend some money there (I support local business). I'm so glad Liz was our server - she wore a 'great' smile  local crowd was in this casual bar/restaurant.  We sat at the bar to watch preseason football and enjoy a beer.  The bartender was busy and not very engaging  outdoor seating available." "Group of 6 popped in on a busy Friday night at 7:00.... Never been here before. Greeted like we were old friend and we were told a table could be found in a few minutes. We complicated it by asking for a table with a view of the TV for the baseball game viewers in the group. Wow... Seated within 4 minutes and lovely server who knew the menu well took great care of us. Highlights.... Everyone loved what they got... Onion soup  and a great location. You can't go wrong with Wally's." You can't beat this place for food  was helpful and funny. I would put the 1/2 pound burger in the best of Phoenix class. The asiago bun makes it flavorful and they cook it to the right temp. Mac and cheese variants are delectable. If the second visit is as good  but was very happy with the meal also loved the atmosphere. Although our waitress was visibly irritated with the kitchen timer. Kind of a downer. But great place!" This is a great place in a wonderful neighborhood to kick back in a casual atmosphere for those days you don't want to get all dolled up to go out for a nice meal :)" One of my favorite places to dine in the valley - everything is YUMMY /prices are reasonable / nice variety of items on happy hour menu/ outside dining/ great service  owner is an Ernest Hemingway look alike and I am a fan. I was star struck." Awesome food and service. Don't pass this place up if your in the area. You will regret it. Definitely recommend and make sure you ask for Nico!"  we decided to come here for lunch on a beautiful April afternoon. Our server was fast and friendly. Ordered the local red ale and it was cold and tasty.  My hubs got the smacs with Gruyere and bacon. He devoured it!  I got the grilled artichokes! Loved them!  The blackened chicken and Brie sandwich with mixed fries. It was delicious and ample. Please try this restaurant and sit outside if it's pretty! We had a memorable experience here." Great place. Feels like home cooked meals. Meat loaf is my favorite dish but I have a feeling everything is pretty darn good. "We have driven past this place a million times and hadn't thought to go in until one day we just took the plunge. Its in a great spot and they even have room for a cute little patio. Although I wanted to be bad and get every fried item on the menu Just spent $25 for cold wings and two beers. If I wanted leftovers I would have stayed home for free! Holy smacks!  The mac n chz dishes they have are off the hook. Everything an Irish pub should be. Will definitely be back.  its a big ol' serving!  This could easily be split between three people.  The gorgonzola is so rich and the huge servings of bacon is just insane by any carnivores standards.  Next time we visit Scottsdale we will be back!"  I cannot believe there isn't a line to get in." "Always have great service at Wally's and really enjoy the options they have on their menu.  It is usually fairly busy but never had to wait long. They have daily specials and I have often seen the owner Second visit was just as good as the first. Had the bangers and mashed this time. Great sausage and a large portion. Bring your appetite.  originally intending on staying for just one. I really enjoyed the staff (super attentive)  the hostess as it turns out noticed and apologized profusely.  We ordered the grilled artichoke appetizer and it was AH-MAZING!! When we received our appetizer and drinks and the gal told us the appetizer was on the house and again appologized for the delay in not getting to us sooner.  I don't have a problem with people making mistakes  and they serve it with a side of horseradish aioli. Yum! Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their dinner. And the service is fabulous Cute pub and Atmosphere but slow service. My friends and I went in at lunchtime on a Saturday and it took about 30 minutes before our order for appitizers was taken and it took our entrees 20 minutes to come out after our order was placed placed. The restaurant was only a fourth of the way full so I'm not sure what was taking so long. I'll have to give this place another try another day. Maybe today was just not a great day for them.  this is the third PR I've had this year at good restaurants that seemed to lack flavor so could be I'm used to the family recipe which might be overly seasoned.  For $25 with salad and desert I would not hesitate to recommend this special; service was good for a bar / restaurant settings and the blue cheese salad dressing was excellent.  My friend devoured his steak so my less then 5 stars is a personal rating  and shrimp cocktail were great. My only complaint is that the service was a little slower than I would have liked  at a time when it wasn't very busy. Would definitely give it another try!" Grassroots Kitchen is also pretty legit and I believe Wally's son runs it.  It's near 20th Street and Camelback and worth checking out as well."  it's the only thing I've tried there so far but I am going to be back for more!"  but took time to ask where I was from and to explain the menu with suggestions.  I decided on a cold beer while I mulled it over.  Then a guy walks in and sits down right beside me and starts chatting away.  He seemed like a regular here and a pretty cool guy.  I talked a little with him and asked him for his menu suggestions and come to find out  French Onion soup! The food is solid!   The pineapple infusion and sangria are freaking amazing!  My only issue is the limited amount of low tables.  When I go here with my parents it's not comfortable for them to be up high. There are only a few low tables inside and if it's busy you are out of luck.   Oh and Wally has some good wine!  Nice to see that at a bar."  I really loved this spot and can't wait to try it out again. Arcadia lacks this sort of casual bar/restaurant and though my fiance and I were probably the youngest in there (we sat next to a party of 8 who were 60+) "Why have I never been here before?! This cute little spot is hidden off of 44th Street & Camelback. We walked around & into the courtyard where we were greeted with a warm smile from the host. We decided to sit out on their patio to enjoy Phoenix's lovely weather (the inside was just as charming). Our waitress Julie told us the specials and provides excellent service. I ordered the Cuban which was delicious and instead of fries I subbed a fresh fruit cup for $1 more. The cup had pears  the services was 4 star.and the prices were right where they should be. The rueben was the best REUBEN my wife has everr had  we had trouble finding it because of the glare of the setting sun. I called and immediately apologized for having to ask for directions but could he help. ""You're challenged "Went for Father's Day and always like the food. Nice family friendly. Very relaxed environment. Love their spicy Louisiana Pasta  (more than half way across plate and being separated large enough for a finger nail to be snagged) but still detectable by feel. Needless to say this ruined the meal experience completely. This servers Fairly expensive place for what it is. I think it's prob a good place for middle aged ppl to go out and have beer. Not really my style but food and beers were decent. "Above average location. Clean "Never again. 2 guys working on Monday 11/3/14 around 230pm were talking about my wife's ""big titties."" The bread was hard like croutons & deserves a refund. Been here before with a couple of younger teenage boys & the service & food was great."  the guy had an attitude and was acting like he is doing me a favor.. I just walked out and said to him to change the way you treat customers.. Horrible!" Normally I don't have something so nice to say about any chain but after today I do. My brother was working on his eagle scout badge on Piestewa Peak. We wanted 3 three foot subs. We called another Subway the night before nearby and they said they were too busy to take the order. So we called this place. They had everything ready for us at 10am sharp with all of the fixings all boxed up. AND the guy walked the stuff out and loaded it up in the truck. This guy was happy..and polite...not appearing to be all of those things at work at 10am was actually pretty neat. I think he might be the owner...but regardless. The food was good and looked like he actually put time and energy into it's presentation. I only had one employee I was interacting with. But give him a promotion or support his business.  with waits up to 15 minutes between 11:45 - 12:15 "So much for the Starbuck's coffee at Veranda. As of this week they've replaced it with some wimpy Folger's-syle stuff. Humpf. I guess everybody is trying to cut costs in this economy Veranda Bistro serves a valuable purpose and is blessed with a great location. It's the only restaurant within walking distance for a few thousand people. I only wish that they tried a little harder rather than delivering exactly what I expected. Curse my low expectations!" "It's convenient.  I've been working in the area for over two years and they still have the same menu.   The best is the crossaint delight and the turkey wrap with added sprouts.  What they have is good Only open til 3pm and only on weekdays."  it was a horrible experience. If your in the area and want breakfast just go get an egg mcmuffin at mcdonalds down the street I have been here a few times for lunch. The food is good and the prices are also. I was pleasantly surprised by a salad of all things. It was a soup and salad combo that i ordered. The ingredients were fresh and i was able to choose what i wanted on it and the broccoli cheese soup was also very good. It is a nice convenient and quick little lunch spot.  no bun - just a patty. When I brought it to the attention of the owner (who was cashing me out) she just offered a receipt. O.K - Her English is not that good so I figured she was hiding behind that. I will no longer be eating here since I can make five hamburgers with $6." I don't even work near them anymore "I love the bistro as we call it here Arthur office next door. The prices are a little high The BEST iced mochas. I worked at a specialty coffee shop a few years back and this place by far has the most delicious coffee I've ever had. Nice place to pick up lunch and coffee up before heading in to work for the day. The baristas are always so nice! *Update:  We are outside of their delivery area.  : (" http://www.patspizzaplus.com/"  but I was happy to not get the usual pickled rings. No one I've brought here has said anything other than wow. Bring cash if only getting one special; they have $5 debit/charge minimum." I LOVE this pizza!  It's the best I have had in Phoenix.  Not the greatest atmosphere to sit down in.  Service is fine... but the pizza is awesome.  find yourself a parking spot and get this pizza.  My only regret was that I had to share it.  Next time - its all mine."  but there is one thing that I really hate and it just drives me crazy!  The food is too good that I don't know what to choose!  The pizza is just as good as any pizza place in NYC.  The appetizers and wings are fantastic.  If you have a appetite of a horse  but how can you say anything bad about a place like that?" I think the crust was a fluke so I will definitely give it another shot." Have a little faith in your customers _GVAV2LjUWEs9fGjslex_A I think there are plenty of other quality pizza joints out here now that are as good  all I tried was one pizza but it really stood out as a place to avoid in a neighborhood with plenty of fantastic pizza and other Italian food." "They found ""it"". There are only a handful of places in this town that know how to make pizza. Anyone who would find a problem with this pie needs to get back to their Digiorno's......."  they tend to be on the soggy side. Their salads are huge and delicious and there is something magical in the ranch they use.. I get take out here at least twice a month and they have never done me wrong. They have great lunch specials too." "The pizza is really good. Just make sure you're on your A game - like other people have said  but I have also witnessed the type of clientele that go in there and have been tempted a few times to bitch slap someone for their oblivious rudeness to the employees of Pat's." GvwDppcJLm9lso9iS2hSIw Good luck with this place.." "Quality control seems to have disappeared here.  The crust is a disaster these days... and they're really slow... 45 minutes is too long to wait for a casual  I'll be back again on my next visit in Pheonix....." Some of the best pizza I've tasted! The sicilian is yum and it weighs a ton.  and when I got home to try the pizza... Totally let down... And ps - the angry crayon written signs all over the place are soooo tacky." I will update my review as I try other pies."  I tried the thin crust pizza.  It was better than the Sicilian  I have to drive 22 miles once a month just to get my fix.  It doesn't matter... I'd drive 500 miles for a slice of Pat's."  the crust is rock-hard and has a bit of a cardboard taste and their sauce and cheese lack flavor. The portion size is decent There is nothing fancy about this place or the pizza. The sauce was nothing special and the crust was rather thin and hard. I go because there is a lunch special of 2 slices of plain cheese pizza and a soda for $3. Its fine for a quick meal but nothing spectacular. The people are nice and I am always glad to support local businesses. Just don't expect me to cheer on the Yankees." I absolutely love this place for a quick no frills cheap lunch.  Two slices and a soda for just over $3 and that pizza is actually good!  the only issue this place has is with parking.  Ever since Paradise Bakery opened in the same complex you usually can't find a parking spot after 11:30.    If you have a chance you should give this locally owned non-franchise spot a try. The lunch special (11am-2pm) here is really cheap.  You get two cheese pizza slices and a drink for $3.00 + tax.  It's additional if you want to add toppings." This little hole in wall joint never disappoints.  The food is good and the friendly service better.   The prices are reasonable. The pizza and wings special is great. 22 bucks and  some change for a large with 2 toppings and 30 wings! Great Pizza & Wing special. Always  Pizza Hut when there are delicious hidden gems like this in the valley! Don't waste your time on those changes and support your local businesses! The food is way better anyway!! :-)"  or revel in the fact that it is a dive.  But keep this neighborhood place in the rotation.  There aren't enough mom and pop places out there that we can support.  It's sandwiched between a zoyo and a paradise bakery for cripe's sake." "Good little local pizza place.  We got the Twin Tower special which was a 16"" 2 topping pizza and 30 wings for 23 bucks.  What was amazing was this pizza was a huge square and a full 16"" .. We opted for the thick crust which I really wasn't crazy about but I'm sure many people would love..it was more of a crunchy toasted kinda crust.  Wings were really good and service was very friendly and attentive. I would go back to try the thin crust and some of their specialty pizzas." lG6Q5OvamVHUSk9MPE6Q4A Update: We've now been able to order flats only." Must remember this place next time I get pizza and support local business instead of Papa John's!"  and garlic! And they don't skimp on the garlic! Breath is horrible but I love it!! So good!!!!! Keeps me coming back!" "Want to grab a few slices for lunch; also wanted to try based on a recommendation from a co-worker...I'm glad I did; the slices were great - I cannot wait to try a whole pizza or some of the wings Over all... I doubt I would be back." "We always try to find a local business to support and found good reviews on yelp for Pat's Pizza Plus. Geez. I have no idea where the good reviews came from. The pizza had zero sauce on it Pat's has the best wings in the valley! Some of my favorite NYC style crust. Everything here is great! Sorry... my fingers are too saucy to type!!!  and crazy tasty. Stop in for a slice of pizza the size of your head for a super reasonable price!" Stetson ""The Brand Man"" Brandish" crust was bland. $60 bucks for 2 pizzas and 24 wings not a good deal at all. Pat's seems to be a staple in the neighborhood but there are wayyyyy better places within a 1 mile radius. Since stumpy's was closed on Sunday we had to resort to Pat's. Never again!" qxnFi49a-i0O_t_RROWYdg  I mostly go there for the pizza. The lunch special is such a deal!! 2 giant slices with 1 or 2 toppings I think and a drink for less than $5. Service is always great Good pizza and wings and very nice people. You can't beat the lunch special for $5.00. I would recommend. R.I.P. Pats Pizza. So sad we have lost our neighborhood eatery to self demise. After eating from Pats for years with an occasional disappointment my last 3 delivery orders have been inedible. Good Bye and RIP. Was heading next store to paradise for a sandwich when I thought I'd try this place instead. I ordered the Italian hoagie toasted with everything. So good! The hoagie took me right back to growing up on the east coast!  Well done Pats your hoagie was perfection. : ) "I ordered 5 large pizzas for a party I had last weekend and they were great.  I popped in early in the day and placed my order.  The pizzas were hot and ready on time.  We got a variety of pizzas and they were really good.  The spicy chicken pesto was the biggest hit.  Totally perfect for the party.  All my friends were asking about the place I ordered from.  They have awesome wings too.  Plus  which tastes slightly different. I was hoping for crumbled sausage but it was still really good! The dinner salad came with two rolls and two dressing containers. I give it 4 starts because the salad was a little lacking. It was lettuce  not enough though to go back for a second time and deal with their award winning customer service. They nickel and dime you for any little request "I brought a pepperoni pie home from Pat's once and it was completely forgettable. The sauce was average and You won't be disappointed." This is a small and simple place that happens to make incredible pizza!  The crust is thin and crispy with a flavor that reminds me of Pizza in New York. They offer many specials. I ordered for pick up and it was ready when I got there. They were very nice and I will be having their pizza many times in the future!  it was awful. The sauce was missing!! It just tasted like dough. My boyfriend couldn't even finish it and he is not a picky eater. We will never try Pat's again "The best pizza in the area..the delivery driver Andy is awesome I came here recently while staying  Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak at the for an alternative to the terrible frozen pizza they serve.  Call it in  we were very disappointed. It was not as good as he or I remembered. In the early 80's and 90's this place was good. The pizza was awesome and the inside of the restaurant had some charm. That is definitely not the case now. The pizza was extremely bland and not very flavorful at all. We decided to try the wings but backed out after trying the sauce. It was very vinegary. Seems like the quality of the food has changed and the inside is just like the pizza.......boring. After so many generations of eating at Pats  not soggy. Great tasting toppings and nice cosy environment to eat in. I haven't tried every pizza out there. But I enjoy the taste every time I get one. That's what counts. So far the best in town that I've found." The best NY styled pizza anywhere near here I come hear often to get their pizza it's great. I would recommend coming in for lunch they have a great pizza combo for lunch!  but they do have a few tables. I drove the pizza from their address to my house near south mountain and it was still hot and crunchy. Give them a try." Staying at The Pointe Hilton had a craving for pizza. This place was worth the call and they delivered right to our room. Better than Pizza Hut or Papa Johns if you want something different. We had the large pizza and wings special for about $25 and added the New York White with a total of $48. The wing hot sauce is so good and the pepperoni had a good flavor also. I gave it 5 stars because it seems like this place is underrated. I'm from NY and this is the closest thing to NY... sooo good to.   my first time but sure to return.   had the pizza and meatball / Italian sausage grinder. Delicious Sicilian pizza! With the exact texture crust a sicilian slice should have.  I moved here from NY and this is my go-to place for my monthly (sometimes more:/ ) pizza fix.  but I heard wrong. I made my own large pepperoni and sausage pizza. The dough was pretty horrific. It was hard and had a very bland taste to it. I felt like I was eating a worse version of Sardella's...The toppings were a whole different story. The sausages and pepperonis were a joke. They were extremely tiny and looked like they were bought from the dollar store. For 18 bucks  much higher quality.  I am profoundly disappointed and will not be returning.  I suspect from the reviews I have seen on here that dining in the restaurant results in a profoundly different experience... so I wouldn't discourage that.  If Unexpectedly wonderful! We stopped in for a quick bite and I'm so glad we did! It's a quaint little family pizzeria.   the pizza contained a lot of bread and very little of everything else.  The pizza looks like toasted texas toast bread with some toppings on it.  I would recommend viewers to try for themselves though.  We really love Rosatis Pizza but is too far a distance and maybe we had too high of expectations when going to Pats." I had food delivered. It arrived before the time it said it would. That was the only good thing about it. The mozzarella sticks were cold. I had to reheat them. The salad that comes with the pasta had more onions on it the lettuce. The fettucini Alfredo pasta tasted like sour cream. The garlic bread was not good. Never gonna order from there again. The parking lot was less crazy on the Paradise Bakery side in the evening  I order it for my little family and it's as delicious as when I was 6. Another thing I get is the lunch special  I tried Pat's for the first time this evening and I was pleasantly surprised!! The service was friendly and the pizza was fantastic!! The best pizza I have had here in Phoenix!! I would highly recommend going to Pat's!! I will definitely being going back!! :)  but this is just the right amount of thin - it's the type of pizza slice where you just fold that bitch in half and stuff it in your mouth. I will definitely be going back here when my next lunchtime pizza craving hits." Don't know how this place has 3 1/2 stars it's always been 5 stars for my husband and I. Excellent pizza and amazing wings and the staff is always awesome. Small place with 7 tables with red and white checkered table cloths.  It's a favorite for date night. We drive from Surprise to eat here.  def a hot deal. This is also the fianc and I's go-to pizza delivery spot. Best ny style pizza in Phoenix in my opinion. Always friendly and the delivery is typically quicker than the time they quote you. When doing delivery ordering the pizza well done helps the crust to hold its integrity since sometimes it can be a tiny bit soggy by the time it gets to you. Wings extra crispy bc crispy wings are the best! Keep up the good work Pat's!"  but you have to treat yourself once in a while. Perfect thing to impress your beer drinking buddies."  just what I like. The 2 slice special is a deal  delicious and NY style! Staff is also great Giving these guys a five because the were so friendly and the pizza was great.  We had the margherriti pizza.  It had a a good flavor.  The extra crispy wings were good too.  If you want a small local place come here and help them out.  The prices were good also.  hole-in-the-wall place is the closest Phoenix comes to NY style pizza. We had the slice special and were very happy. We're going to try them for take-out next." Stumpys is closed on Sunday which I respect. So we thought we would try Pat's. The pizza really had no flavor. I will not go back. I have eaten here twice and it's amazing. I have ordered pepperoni pizza with mushrooms both times and the mushrooms were very good. The wings are delicious and crispy too. I ordered on Super Bowl Sunday on a whim about an hour before the game and it came within 45 minutes. Will be eating here again.  once when I went to pick up food i could hear people fighting about prices and whatnot in the back and they just all seemed stressed out (They were very busy due to football games). Not something a customer should ever see Best pizza in town. If you are from New York then this is the pizza joint you have been looking for! "We had their lunch special pizza and their wings. Pizza reminded me of the NYC style think crust and large very delicious! Wings were cooked good with hot and medium buffalo sauce We will try them out again..and maybe check out some other items off the menu." "Best pie in the valley. From the crust to the sauce to the cheese. Hands down  but if you are in the 16th St. and Northern area and looking for a quick and tasty breakfast or lunch in a low key non-chain spot Love their chicken club sandwich!  It's a small place with little seating inside and a few more tables outside.  During the spring and fall it's great to sit outside.  but a place I would definitely go back to often for lunch - especially if I was staying at the resort next door." "It's a sandwich shop and they have great sandwiches.  Bottom line.   Staff is friendly enough and "I eat here once every couple of weeks as it is right by my office. It is consistently decent. It definitely is a good lunch place to go every now and then. I would recommend it  but that may be because I always tip a buck.   :)" This is one of those reviews that really has been writing.  Thanks  you are not blackballed from my lunch list." "Can still say that I haven't been disappointed having gone back to the Blue Saguaro  Jen is right.  The menu may not change but it;s always a good eat Nice little place with a nice selection Stopped here for lunch today and had the turkey sandwich with the humus ..... DELISH !! My friend had the Greek Salad with chicken - he said it was WONDERFUL. Nice sandwich shop that's clean and has good food !!! Recommended :-)  and it was a much better option than the Veranda Bistro across the street.  Did I mention cheap too? You could get a delicious sandwich or a massive chicken salad for around $5.  And the chicken... moist I prefer to eat in for the super hot pizza."  family-owned joint inside a strip of mostly manicure shops. Don't be put off  there is just something about the sauce!"  love it! You can bring your own booze too! A little bit of a wait but not bad." You know its going to be bad when you pick it up & the box feels like its going to dissolve in your hands."  they don't have one in Chandler...I wonder if I can get Mr. Spinato to open up a 5th one out here! *hint* *hint*" I was craving great pizza and this place was recommended by a friend so I went to check it out. The service was awful and was given by high schoolers who obviously had more important things to be doing. I think they must of screwed up the batch of sauce because it was so sweet I couldn't even have bite number 2. I don't like sweet marinara or pizza sauce. The party I was with was a bit less picky but needless to say we didn't box the left overs which were plentiful. Spinato's offers pasta dishes which I'd like to try as well a garlic bread and antipasti. I look forward to visiting Spinato's again!"  they love it and they go back for more and introduce their friends to it. I cannot recommend them highly enough. Nello's gets lots of props in Phoenix but I promise you YldXB1hRpnE1CWLF3mvgpQ Fast forward to this summer when I discovered a review on Yelp that mentioned that there used to be an Aurelio's here in AZ that eventually became Spinato's. Well my husband insisted that we get in the car that moment and check it out. The sweet marinara is exactly what he was looking for and while not exactly the same this is the closest pizza in Arizona to his beloved favorite. The crust is thin and the sausage is hand crumbled (or appears to be). They are very generous on the cheese and toppings in general and leftovers the next day aren't too shabby. We have never had an issue with service or our order on the several occasions we have been One of my favorite things about Spinato's is the ice  and shrooms with a few cheap bottles from Safeway across the street = a night of fun for all your friends.  I have NO idea what people are hattin' on the 'nato's for "I have never actually sat down inside but Ive ordered out from here 2x. I think they're the best pizza in town..not for the crust..( I myself am a fan of doughy crust not deep dish but not thin either)...but for the sauce. It's fantastic. It has a hint of sweet to it which just makes it unique and delicious  moved away by three and have never been back.  So as an adult I have missed out on all the great cusine known from this midwest mecca of a city.  This place makes me feel like I'm taking a journey away from the valley and right into a neighborhood restaurant in Chicago.  I love the pizza here as well as the down to earth relaxing atmosphere.  Servers have always been great to me.  I don't know how anyone could say anything bad about this place.  Until I take a vacation to the windy city All three just rock my world rz9clJi_pIj_JxI_wG0wNg  and the wait time was 25 minutes on a Saturday night.  There was a good-sized wine and beer menu  in my neighborhood. The pizza was awesome!!!!!! I will be going back Tomorrow for round 2." I can't get enough of this pizza. Tonight I took my friend there for her birthday..started with the house salad which was crisp and refreshing.. the ranch was ranch and didn't taste like seasoned mayo.awesome. I ordered the lil margherita and couldnt wait to taste that sweet goodness they have for a sauce and lo and behold the margherita is a white pizza???? You know what? It didnt matter it was magnificent without the signature sauce. This place is the best pizza place in Phoenix...hands down  I'd probably give the nod to Stumpy's. But if you add in those other factors which have become important to me The pizza was Chicago style and phenomenal! (See pictures) The pizza ingredients were really fresh and the sauce (OH THE SAUCE) tangy and sweet. The meatballs were also delicious and had a very different marinara sauce than what was on the pizza. Spinato's beats any delivery in my area (Sorry Pat's) and has made the rotation in to my favorite Chicago style pizza. I can't wait to actually try the restaurant  and the spaghetti calzone was a great compliment to the entrees. This was also the first place I've been to aside from Taps that actually has Blue Moon on tap Their sausage is some of the best I've had outside of Chicago - without question.  The pizza is great - topping selection is great - the crust is good and I love their sweet marinara.  The service is sometimes lacking... it can be slow and inattentive."  but I just can't get into the sweetness of the pizza sauce.  I will try it again secret hint: they put sugar in the sauce.. no wonder it's so darn good!!!" LwbCh2rhnfaFOhzw7gE1TA  and parking can be an issue. We have always had the thin crust pizza and it has always been very good. A large usually will feed two of us.. gluttony definately takes over while your here "I recently revisited Spinato's with my parents and brother's family. Though I thought their pizza was really good I was taken back by how delicious their cheesy garlic bread was. I could have just eaten that with a little salad and have been very happy. The portions were generous. I saw one of the calzones and WOW...it was huge! I really want to go back for one (seriously You know when you play those party conversation-type games? What one thing would you take to a deserted island? What book changed your life? If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life what would it be? My answer is Spinato's pizza. YUMMY!" "GREAT pizza place!  The thin crust pizza is AMAZING!  I ordered take out for the first time and everything was absolutely perfect.  The dining room seemed to be fairly busy "Simply THE BEST PIZZA in the Valley of the Sun.  The sauce is perfection and every kind of pizza I've had has been superb.  Reasonable prices I'd suggest for take-out or for a very casual meal out. Not a date night kind of place."  Spinato's!  Somehow your unbelievably delicious Mama's Original pizza made a spinach-lover out of my 4-year-old.  Amazing!  We also love the Spicy Italian (who doesn't like spicy Italians?!).  The antipasto salad with half spinach is always crisp "Some primo eats... period. Me likes the beer specials I've happened upon there. If you want to know what a moron is Give these people your money I highly recommend pepperoni with extra cheese. Yum!" All I can say is: Go as soon as possible to get some great pizza! "Yu-u-u-M!  The sauce is a sweet and not too acidic and the spaghetti and meatball calzone (add ricotta) is cravable! I saw the meatball sandwich and can't believe a single human being could consume one on their own. I swear it must be three pounds of meatballs on a full french loaf! I only wish they were open for lunch on Sundays because for some reason that's when I always think "I'm giving them a 5 just for their spaghetti and meatball calzone. It sounds awful "I was so excited to try it because people rave. NOT a fan. I guess if you like super sweet sauce it will be up your alley. I couldn't eat it. I will stick to Joe's pizza or Slice of Sicily "My family and I have been coming to Spinato's for 13 years and obviously we love it. We order one of their pizzas at least once a week  the salad is always fresh too - best to eat there -"  I make sure to stop by here. The spinach pizza is my favorite. I also like to get the family style half and half salad. i've been going there for years and it's always delicious!" IwiupaUMeltnd0a9Cp15tA Then we carried on and had their meaty pizza (can't remember the name). It was friggin' amazing! The Italian beef was a really great touch that I didn't anticipate. The sausage had a delightful flavor and wasn't too fennel-y. The sauce is what landed the pizza in my dreams last night. It's a sweet sauce (which might be new to some). It's very close to some great St. Louis style pizzas I've eaten. The crust is crunchy and it's delivered brilliantly on a wire rack (to maintain the crunch). All I can say is: EAT HERE "The food is Yummy! The people are pleasant.  Little expensive  but I bet it's manly indeed. Extra star for square cutting the pie. Spinato's is what pizza is ALL about."  but it's well worth the trip down the 51 to pick it up.  The staff is alway nice and will remember you after a few trips.  All around - great food "I had a great experience at Spinato's Saturday night. The food and service was awesome. We started out with garlic and cheese breadsticks with marinara. Orgasimic. :) There were three of us dining  which was nostalgic and fun. Then we shared the mixed salad which was nice. I swear if I had a bigger purse I would've swiped the cute balsamic/olive oil holder. I mean My favorite pizza place in Phoenix! YldXB1hRpnE1CWLF3mvgpQ Family owned and super fresh ingredients. Their pizza sauce is the best I've ever had. Their salads are great too. Even the delivery guys are the best. Love this place!  when in the area we stop here. Just wish it was closer to me.  The sauce is unique and wonderful." Most of all - I'm absolutely THRILLED that they have a location in the Tuke.  Unfortunately - like all their locations they don't take reservations so either get their early By far my favorite Pizza ever.  Just had it again last night and it was great.  Called ahead and picked it up.  You guys rock pizza.  Can't wait to try the new location...that has a different menu.  I've taken many people to try your pizza and they all agree that it's the Best.  although that wait was longer than expected and the waiting area was HOT! It was all well worth the wait. :)" I tried this place because of all the wonderful reviews.  I have to say I was extremely disappointed. I ordered the mama signature pizza and a dinner salad. The salad is something I would expect from a lousy fast food place.  The pizza was flavorless and the crust was just a soggy mush.  I will not be eating her again. Can't get enough of Spinato's pepperoni and sausage pizza.  The combination of the sweet sauce and cheese blend makes for the perfect pizza. If you haven't tried Spinato's I will definitely be back!!!" And it alone warrants 5 stars."  meatballs.... a lot of food. Their pizza is always good and my brother swears that this location is the best and has the best crust of all the locations. I thought the pizza was good We ordered online and picked it up...I am always a fan of not having to call and place an order.  I have an aversion to talking on the phone.  I have no idea why." Our family always enjoys a night a spinatos. We always request Lorenzo as our server.  you just have to try the Spaghetti and Meatballs Calzone.  Ask for it with Ricotta  and the next day as well. I am not sure what they put in that pizza but I am addicted. It would be dangerous if I lived close.... I will definitely be back."  but the 2 spinach pizzas are AMAZING.  I also just tried the Chicago last night and it was so so good.  Check this place out for eat in or for take-out.  Just expect your car to smell like this stuff for 2 weeks." You can't go wrong with whatever you order. Perfect for dining in or take out!"  it is a pizza hut reminiscent thick crust. which in my mind. Not a good thing. The thin crust is the way to go if you come to spinatos"  cooked to be a little crunchy with lightly browned cheese. Zesty "First visit...Very busy; but worth the wait to get a table...First of all; like the selection of ""discontinued"" wine and beer; didn't try - but great concept.  Had the pizza; my roommate had the calzone.  Both items were hot out of the oven; tasted excellent.  Service was great.  Will definately be back again!!!" There was gelato there. I ordered two scoops vanilla and then one scoop dark chocolate. The dark chocolate was good. The vanilla was a bit sweet for me." My favorite pizza joint in the PHX metro area!  the ""mamma's spinach"" pizza was really good! Garlic  if you're into that kind of thing. Kiddo's plain cheese pizza was even good. Then we ordered a to-go super veggie pizza for round two. That was delicious as well. Good service My partner and I were polite and ate the pizza in front of him but once he left we threw away the leftovers.(which was quite a lot) Not only that but they show off some 2008 ""Best food winner"" from the Scottsdale culinary festival. All I know for sure is those judges probably had absolutely no taste buds. They aren't open today(monday) but believe me  a must order with pizza and anything really. Haha. Dining in or Togo its awesome. One of my face pizza places next to al forno on Glendale and 57th ave."  an appetizer and 2 desserts???? Pretty damn reasonable in this day in age. And it has been a long time since I was that blissfully satisfied with a meal (or two). Well done Spinato's "This place has really good thick and thin crust pizza.  I've never been a fan of thin crust because of it being so crispy and it just wasn't good to me.  However "From the husband (native Chicagoan):  ""I've not had pizza this good west of St. Louis."" That said  attentive and outgoing (Brittany).  My wife was seven months pregnant at the time and when the bill came they had placed a baby Spinato's shirt on the table and told us congratulations.  I thought that it was very kind gesture. Go for the pizza but enjoy the family atmosphere too." I have been to 3 locations and they are all fantastic! Mama's signature pizza with spinach is out of this world! Such a great place. The one on glendale was byob at one time which was nice as well.  delicious food in a family environment! Whats there not to love? We left with a smile on our face and lots of pizza :)"  I like their ""Get Meaty"" pie and the ""spicy italian"". Salads are good. They have a wine special on Wednesday's that's pretty sweet (50% off on bottles  could have been cooked longer. Sauce was a little sweeter and didn't have any special flavor. Pizza seemed like it had too much cheese. Not the pizza for me." Be sure to go there on Tuesday for the Beer specials. They have Peroni & Stella on tap. Yum!" Never have had a bad experience here and I have been here at least 10 times. Staff is always welcoming and polite. Also if you happen to have room at the end of your meal order the fresh baked chocolate chip cookies."  which leaves my with 30-40% of the pie for leftovers for breakfast or lunch.  Not bad to get 2 meals for $8-12. The Lil' size is usually enough for 1 "Best Pizza ever!! ingredients are fresh. you get quality pizza! For a good price!""" Are you kidding me with this place... :) I love it. The food is amazing and the service is friendly. Its clean and fast. LOVE the calzones. good for carry out or dine in when the place isn't packed" "The pie is pricey and sweet but you'll be back! Great mom-n-pop shop feel  but I have been to the Bell/16th St. location numerous times.  Their canolies are amazing too.  They get extremely busy on weekend nights  and onion - Lil' size - pan/thick crust.  What I ordered was just the right size for a lunch or dinner serving especially if you don't want to have to worry about any leftovers.  The crust was crunchy yet soft and tasty.  The prices are pretty average but the service is attentive.  It can get a little noisy in this place very easily so keep that in mind if you are looking for a more quiet atmosphere."  our service experience was not so great.  My boyfriend got one of the specialty pizzas and asked for it to come with onions instead of mushrooms.  Little did we know that this was considered ""building your own pizza"" and as a result we were charged more.  When the bill came and we asked about it  Pat's Pizza.  Pat's excels at the New York thin crust while Spinato's has a great deep dish Chicago version that is excellent and not at all greasy.  The sauces (both the pizza and the pasta) are great and you can get extra on the side.  In the rare event you are still hungry I'd say get frozen yogurt across the street and skip the desserts which are a bit weak.  But how can you not love a family restaurant that feels like every pizza place in America?"  she was hungry.  The service didn't take away from the fact that the pizza was SOOOO cheesey and delicisous.  I love the cross cutting style.  I can't decribe it any other way than utter cheesy goodness.  If you love your pizza cheesy and gooey and messy..this is the place for you.  If you are in the mood for whole wheat I am craving pizza right now and know that I will be placing an order at Spinatos to take home for dinner tonight. I have been a customer for about three years now and it is my favorite pizza ever!!! It will change your life...  the extra sauce was spread around the top of the pizza...COLD which made the pizza disgusting already the sausage was nothing to write home about. good service i suppose and that's the only reason i'm not giving it 1 star We have only gotten take-out so far but look forward to eating in next time we go out." Visiting or live in Phoenix??? NEED TO GO HERE for Pizza!!  MMMMmmmm  and I have not found a pizza place that even comes close to Chicago for me here in Phoenix - until now.  Spinato's is a pretty darn close Chicago-style pizza.  I was pleasantly surprised with the atmosphere  the environment I now give a 1---makes 3 a good compromise)." Soo good! One of our fav spot. This and oreganos! :) The lemonade is my favorite and the meat lovers pizza!  I will never go back.  It should not be a hassle to take your family out to eat.  The main reason for eating out is to avoid hassle.  Spinato's does a good job of making life difficult." Awesome!!!!!  Great service!!!   Do not miss this neighborhood gem!!! YldXB1hRpnE1CWLF3mvgpQ Their wait staff is always good and very efficient. It's always crowded so try not to go at peak times."  but don' t let that fool  you. This place is the REAL DEAL when it comes to great pizza in the Valley. Their specialty is this marinated spinach and tomato pizza and it's awesome. WE opted to each order our own personal pizza I hope you are within range of them for delivery because you will never order from a major chain again." In my humble opinion...best pizza in the valley. One of my all time favorite restaurants but today's delivery girl was a little ray of sunshine! Such a refreshing change from most delivery people! Thank you spinatos for being a cut Above! Went here in the middle of the week and there was a line outside the place to pick up to go orders and the dining room had about a 30 minute wait so they are really busy and I can see why. I got a Nicole's new favorite pizza here and it was one of the best pizza I have had in Phoenix. I love this place and plan to become a regular. This pizza is delicious. What more is there to say?? Overall - good food and decent service so I would probably recommend. Still  but I'm still on my pursuit for the best or a great pizzeria in the Phoenix area." I've been meaning to write this for a long time.  Check it out for yourself.  I doubt you'll be disappointed!" "My family and I have been here several times and have NEVER had bad food  2 kids - when the check came I truly felt it was a great deal. We've been twice and it's instantly become a favorite. Signature Spinach extra crispy - love the garlic - so good."  but the mushrooms were canned. Gross. The sauce was also way too sweet. Definitely not my favorite pizza and I won't be ordering from there again  and I wanted to taste pizza that reminded her of home. She loved it. We all loved. My mother and I split a medium pizza. My half was Mama Spinato's signature fresh spinach and hers was the Chicago. My husband had a medium Nicole's new favorite. All of the pizza was amazing. Before dinner In ordered a dinner salad. I figured it would keep me from devouring my whole pizza. The salad was also really good. Throughout our meal  but because their pizza and service are both amazing.  This thin crust Chicago style pizza is almost identical to the Aurelios pizza I grew up on in the south suburbs of Chicago.  It's pizza perfection.  The brownie dessert is to die for.  We didn't try to calzone but saw lots of other customers who ordered them."  so I can only speak about the food really.  I have ordered carry out and delivery many times from this place and have never had a bad experience.  Everything is always really fresh.  When I have done carryout the employees were always nice and attentive.  The delivery staff is always good as well.  Delivery has taken up to an hour at times on lunch A good find and we would definitely go back."  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. I tried the spaghetti calzone: so many carbs "I joined Yelp because of this place!  We saw lots of positive reviews while we did a staycation at nearby Pointe Hilton.  We weren't disappointed.  I don't think pizza will ever be the same in my eyes again.  I had the L'Italiana and it was incredible.  Great sauce Spinato's is wonderful!!! Their signature spinach pizza is to die for!! Every time we have a chance to order pizza for our work we always chose Spinato's. They are super friendly and we have never been disappointed. Definitely worth trying out if your in the mood for pizza! Try the mama's special (I think that is the name) with the marinated spinach. I know it doesn't sound great but it is amazing (throws another pair of sweatpants into the cart at Costco)." vDgwmj--1XON0TKCTov9-Q  and toasty cheese tossed with love! I always add onions for that extra kick.. Pizzas can be shared and split into 2 different combinations (they even separate it with a line of tomato sauce so you know which is which) dessert is the only department they lack in.. Cannoli's are no bueno :( the dough tastes old and the cream filling is too sweet.  Overall  I did find a slight flaw. The only thing I didn't like was the amount of moisture soaked into the crust. I'm not sure if that's how the pizza is supposed to be YldXB1hRpnE1CWLF3mvgpQ "Eating here for years and always enjoy the food. Customer service is a major reason I come back to most places. Tonite I called for delivery because I've been sick for a week. The manager took my order and was incredibly nice with get well wishes. Upon delivery "This place has the best gluten-free pizza in town. Even if you aren't gluten free if you like thin crust "I love Spinato's pizza.  I usually get a gluten free Get Meaty.  The gluten free crust is better than any I've had.  Their regular crust is YldXB1hRpnE1CWLF3mvgpQ qhoZ5wQzUkvCptlbMmXpjw  I learned that they are moving locations in the next couple weeks I'm happy I finally tried their pizzas and will definitely return to try other combos and hopefully also check out their brand new dining space." The family-owned local chain that's been making old-school Chicago-style pies in the Valley just shy of 40 years has announced their newest location "I just visited their new location at 7th Street and Missouri.  The baked spaghetti calzone (with meatballs and ricotta cheese) put me into a wonderful afternoon food coma.  The personal size is more than enough for a filling lunch "I really like the pizza. We ordered the 7"" personal size custom toppings ! The red sauce was the best I have ever had. On the sweeter side but amazing . Crust was perfect fairly thin and crispy . I loved it."  so we where very exited when we found out their new location was only 4 blocks away from our home ""WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT'' the menu is lacking some of their best dishes we ordered a pizza I don't know if they got new cooks or he was having a bad day I ordered the spaghetti with the side of meatballs and you only get 2 choices of sauce COME ON ""spaghetti factory you can order the spaghetti with meatballs"" I guess if you have to buy separate they charge you more money witch is ridiculous for frozen meatballs I took a bite and it was cold and wet inside  I asked for the manager and he never came  which works well with their sauce!"  and after I said something to an EXTREMELY loud waitress at the table behind us (geez servers This location has moved to the corner of Missouri & 7th St; talk about making a good thing better." http://www.grinderscoffeeco.com/" My drink was up in no time flat and I am sipping it right now at work and in heaven. I know a cafe americano doesn't have that many ingredients and is difficult to screw up...but most places I go have terrible burned espresso which they graciously water down hardcore so that I can't taste it as much. This stuff is flavorful yet smooth. I will be back tomorrow morning for a cup maybe give myself enough time to try a pastry and test those chairs." Better then your corporate coffee  I like the vibe. It also feels good to support  a place that gives much back to the community----from fresh roasted coffee beans to display space for local artists to music. Grinders is not about the hardware---but the software."  he has been roasting and brewing his coffee ever since this shopping center opened almost 10 years ago.  He features the artwork of local artists each month as well as wi-fi while you are enjoying your beverage.  Be sure to come on the Second Saturday of each month to enjoy their ongoing series of Jazz & Blues.  You never know who's going to show up and perform!  But you can be assured you WILL have a foot stompin' good time!" We really are so lucky to have such a great business  but i'm sure with experience they'll improve by leaps and bounds. mediocre espresso and milk I'll try it again before I give them a five star rating."  excellent coffee and tea reasonably priced. The fourth star is awarded for the pecan/cream cheese Danish thing the server recommended. It was so good I couldn't decide weather to scarf it down or savor each bite."  or they just did. I was frustrated to hear that they tried to open a location at the Art Institute but they were one week too late  so that could be your opportunity to stop in and check them out." "I've NEVER been happy to pay more than $4 for a 'grande'-sized latte... until I tried this place. It's on my way to the office I've recently been informed that they host blues music on the 2nd Saturday evening of each month.  I can't wait to check it out next month."  A few friends say it's definitely worth the trip over there to check it out!"  and I like putting money into small businesses instead of the Wal-Marts of the coffee world.  They make my finicky customized orders with no issue and I always prefer to visit them rather than a Starbucks  but they make up for it with friendly service and a great product. Another place where they get to know their customers by their names!" Some of the best coffee I've ever had -- and I lived in Portland. Insanely good selection & product. Tanzanian peaberry off the charts. Owner gets beans from multiple sources to ensure that his selection is the best.  and they usually have a wonderful assortment of baked goods if you need something sweet.  The crowd is always friendly Cute little coffee shop. Had some tea and sat outside with my boyfriend. Enjoyed the weather and played some cards. Very relaxing.  I'm loving this place. I've gone here almost everyday this week because it is in between my apartment and my school. I've loved every second I've been in there. The coffee is awesome They need to get a new couch or two in there.   But the coffee was so damn good I'd forgive them anything." "Superb Coffee. Pathetic sandwiches and paninis. Hated the place after i ate the sandwich. i was told there were not veggies available at all. Then why sell a sandwich? They threw some chicken on the bread and gave it  full of art and all sorts of odds and ends. The staff was great. Very friendly. They roast their own beans and have selections from different parts of the earth. My latte was just what I needed. Love quirky little places like this. They make me feel like I belong somewhere :)"  the coffee is good and I really liked the choices on their menu and they are all about local business. If I can come here and get a good Americano without having to wait in a long line I think I'm sold!" The customer service was stellar and the inside of the coffee shop was filled with unique trinkets  why pay the premium? Grinders is one of those places that has figured out a way to bring all of the elements together to create the perfect flavor storm in a cup. The crazy part is that they charge the same or less than many other coffee spots. I am glad that the best spot in town is near my home." I love this place. It makes me happy.  then no. I'd definitely not suggest Grinders as your first introduction to Phoenix coffee. If you really don't care very much and just want somewhere peaceful to go read a book  the prices are your pretty standard Starbucks prices which is great - I'd honestly expect higher. Definitely recommend if you find yourself in the area." "Brought a friend who's worked for Starbucks for years and she was impressed with the roasting equipment. She asked the barista to try the beans before and after roasting and the girl was very friendly and more than happy to oblige. We didn't realize it was time to close and the barista didn't rush us out or seem exasperated I was there today and the service was awesome.  The coffee was terrific. It was a great place to hang out and get some work done!  but it's got good character and the baristas are super friendly and helpful.  They display art in the store and even have a special night for it each month (Second Saturdays?)  It's also very quiet and has outdoor tables Coffee and service is great. The location is good since there aren't a lot of other coffee shops near here. It would be nice if they were open late though. Not a big fan of the decor - feels more like a waiting room than a place you want to hang out. "The best fricken caramel macchiato! Love their service  and is a very cozy place to go. Coffee  is completely delicious! Good bagels too!"  this would probably be my go-to java joint." Awesome staff and every drink I have ever ordered is spot on and delicious! They make my day better every time I stop :0) Coffee is ok. The sandwich is mediocre like you can make it at home for $7? I don't think so. I expected more. Their employees don't have uniforms but they are way too sloppy eve looks dirty. On a tank top all sloppy it doesn't look professional. I know it's a coffee shop but it says a lot. I like how they have the different coffee beans decor on the wall. That's pretty cool. Prolly won't come back Awesome coffee for really good prices! The atmosphere is nice and trendy. The service isn't snappy but the staff is very friendly. Definitely a place to sit and chat with friends rather than on the go:) "I've been here several times and have never been disappointed with my coffees and lattes. All expertly made with quality beans  with nothing to do but a small shopping center. Walk to the transit center and find a bus up to the antique shops on Cave Creek." Smooth coffee and friendly service. I'll. take this over Starbucks any day of the week.  good people) until the operated the roaster. Since my main purpose frequenting coffee houses is to work (novelist) the noise of the roaster was just too much to ignore for me This is my second time at Grinders and I really enjoy this place! Will be coming back again and again!!  the coffee is good. The highlight and charm of the place is truly Shaleena (forgive me for probably butchering your name). She speaks with everyone Not impressed.  Not horrible.  Service was fine.  Had a latte but really it just tasted like milk. I love supporting local businesses. Grinders has great coffee and amazing people working there. I always get an iced coconut latte. Decor was interesting but not somewhere I would go back to unless I was desperate or forgot I had been here before." The coffee is great and it's awesome to see the collection of wares from the local artists."  the barista working didn't even acknowledge me until I reached the register and she finished the drink for a regular standing nearby. She then just asked for my order "Absolutely amazing coffee! I love that they roast their own beans. I got an iced mocha and it was super smooth. Staff was decent I guess... not super friendly which was disappointing because the atmosphere seemed great. Loved the experience  or if your overly sweet tiger milk drink is not right or the art is tacky... I go here for coffee.  The rest of you stay away from this place... I want my pick of their fresh roasted beans including the hard to find Peaberry.. that's right... these guys actually get green beans from around the world and roast them there on site... I know what day of the week they do it too... and I am not telling you.  Stay away!."  have a cup there or to go. Try taking a pound of coffee home and you'll never go back to grocery store coffee roasted a year ago in another country." "Great little coffee shop. Decaf fans look no further - really good. Also excellent pastries made on site - buttery  Grinders will roast to your taste. They sell a river of beverages and offer a variety of sandwiches.  Artsy indoor setting Grest coffee and friendly service! I'm excited to make this spot one of my new regular places! "Very chill atmosphere. Nothing extravagant. Looks like the owners  grinder collection on display and fresh beans in boxes and bags. Barista was pretty fantastic Great White Chocolate Mocha.  Perfect balance of coffee and white chocolate.   White chocolate was not so overpowering where you could still get that coffee kick we need.  Great place....would definitely come back!!!  it i small inside but typical for a coffee shop.  I would like to see the artwork on a larger scale with one featured artist at a time because the pieces were small and by different artists which was distracting. But the artwork is local and not high priced. Stop in and try it out!" A good place to hang out!" I live about 15 minutes away from here but I doubt this will be my last stop in!"  because I'm signing a lease at a place really close to here. I'd love to have a local coffee shop I feel comfortable stopping by or working in Better than Starbucks. Always friendly. They seemed to offer really good tasting espresso drinks here with not too much milk. They looked like they had a steady flow of regulars  but...I wouldn't go out of my way to do so based on the first impression." "Over this place. This used to be our favorite coffee spot. Seems to have gone down hill a bit. Not the same friendly employees and quality is lacking. Also "I grew up in Sunnyslope.  Where this little mall is where the Dog N'Suds resided.  I am always amazed to see the development along Dunlap; the area which gave my parents (from New Hampshire) a small town feel in the depth of Phoenix.  That was the late 70's and early 70's.  Now there is no longer a Brookshires to get your coffee but this little java shack.  Tucked into a little strip mall it has a cute little patio which I am sure is nice when the weather us the same.  Inside there is a bank of hook ups for electronic devices I had coffee there today with a good friend and just loved this neat little place. The barista was very sweet and our drinks were ready pretty quick. Not really anything exciting but a nice little quiet place to have coffee and conversation. There wasn't a whole lot of pastries but what we had was good. I would definitely come back. They have a nice espresso blend and they do cold-pressed coffee as well. The Americano is my standard. And if you want a decaf you can order a Why Bother  vs. a place to bring your laptop and work on your computer. I was the latter. I had trouble with the Wi-Fi I'm hoping this was just a bad first experience so I will go back because it's the only local coffeehouse by my work that isn't Starbucks or fast food. But if my next trip is like this first one  and it's cozy atmosphere makes it a great place to work/study. Not only do they roast their own coffee beans Will highly recommend this place to all who live around here."  the experience was good. The barista was nice. Probably will come back if I'm on that side of town. Give it a try!"  but it just wasn't great. Hoping that maybe it was just an off day." Grinders is one of these areas that's figured out a means to bring all the components together to create the best flavor thunderstorm in a cup. The insane part is the fact that they charge the same or less than many other java places. I'm happy that the very best place in town is near my house. I enjoy this gem of a coffee joint and discovered it shortly after moving into the neighborhood a few months ago with a friend. Something notable is the local art displayed and the vibrant setting the shop presents its customers. Excellent coffee and friendly service. Would definitely recommend to all who come across it!  but they tasted just as bad. They were either extremely freezer burnt or the breading was not supposed to be on a mozzarella stick. The pizza was jusok but not great. The cheese ravioli with meat sauce looked like it had dog food for meat sauce. I feel sick just thinking about what I just ate. I think they just ruined Streets of NY for me for life I will definitely return to this location  so the occasional lunch is easy. If you're in the area  he brought me to my table and before you new it my drink was ready & order being giving to the kitchen. the server was very attentive i found out because i guess he saw me looking at my watch and new i had a time limit to get back to work do to when the food came quickly so did my check. He politely said it was for my conveinance incase i was on a lunch break. I was amazed!! he also asked me for my name since he had never seen me there before and made me feel very welcome. I ended up going back to work very satisfied and planned on returning to the streets again on my next lunch break to enjoy another exsperience with that server named Jon" "Love this place! A group of us (8-10 guys) have tried 3 different SoNY stores. This one really works thanks to Danni. She really knows how to be attentive. We come in every other Thursday and are THRILLED when we see her waiting our table. Hard to believe  the only reason to get pizza from this over-priced vendor is that they are open on Sunday until 9pm. You wont hate the food "The food is good since I am a major pizza fan.  However had the pizza a while back... not impressed.  spinach salad awesome as are the sandwiches.   was craving lasagne and ordered it last nite.   blah!!   flavor was very blan... added my own parm & spices to mke it edible.  stick with the sandwiches and salads id you order from here "I have had food delivered a few times and each time it has been perfect.  I like that you have the option to get garlic bread and salad with your pasta entre.  The pasta dishes are delicious as are the salads and garlic bread.  Everything is very fresh.  Also the delivery person is very polite and personable.  It is a bit pricey I enjoy streets of New York pizza a lot but I do lie stumps wings just a bit more but streets has great wings to First time eating here and I ordered through delivery . Figures it has decent reviews and looked yummy I got a Greek salad and the pasta pesto after emptying one of my dressing containers I noticed a black hair in the bottom very gross I couldn't finish my food what a waste of $30 . hIe65VALe8rxseYECVj08w Ordered delivery. Chopped antipasto salad and a simple pizza. Asked for plates/utensils. Food arrived in time promised. No plates/forks. Hmmm. Food was fine but eating was adventure. "We are visiting from out of town and came across this place on Yelp.  Really good service Bad service. Out of wings... Really? Cold pizza & flat soda. Dirty bathrooms with bugs all over the floors. I sent my food back and didn't eat a thing. Very disappointed and unhappy. Nothing NY about this pie."  no great wine would have had a chance against anchovies). Now I know where to go to satisfy anchovy cravings."  Streets of New York. I hope tomorrow goes better for you than today did." "Ordered pizza from here tonight and decided to call after an hour and a half had passed by.  The girl on the phone was rude and said the pizza was already out for delivery (we live 4 minutes away) then proceeded to hang up on us mid-sentence.  We called back ten minutes later after the food had still not arrived and talked to the same girl who proceeded to put us on hold for 3 minutes.  She said she would cancel and refund the order.  I then asked nicely  Now the food still sits cold on my kitchen counter- minus the eleven wings for my refund in the morning."  my order was wrong. The pizza was missing 2 of the toppings I was charged for and was under-cooked. Additionally my salad came with the wrong dressing. The experience was disappointing. It's the small things that make a difference and Streets of New York dropped the ball tonight."   smaller ""Streets"". We stop by when in the area and hungry for Italian or pizza and wings." They said it's best to take a drink order.The little breadsticks that they gave me a delicious jso soft and cheesy.wwdgy I'm done with this place. Sorry." Just tried this place for the first time. Ordered the ultimate cheese steak. Delicious! I got it delivered. Only complaint is it was quite soggy. Whatever sauce on it that made it this way should be served on the side especially for delivery. I'd definitely eat here again though. One of the stars for the fact they brought napkins forks and condiments . Rare nowadays without requesting it.  I'm either waiting a while to be helped or my order almost seems rushed. The restaurant doesn't give off a warm welcome at all. But the cooks keep me going back lol"  she had to get a manager because ""she did not know what was going on?"" Ok whatever I thought lets just get this done I have a house full of hungry friends LOL! So it was done and they deliver- 30-45 minutes that's pretty reasonable I thought. An hour and 25 minutes later there was a knock on the door...FINALLY FOOD!!!! The delivery guy was on point he was funny and really made it a great time and his service was AWESOME. I had to tell him about the girl in the phone and I let him know how I felt he gets 10 stars out of 5 stars!  he was great even though I was complaint about his fellow co worker he was great at not throwing her under the bus and never "" agreed "" with with what i was saying but you could tell in his face this was not the first time he had heard this. He pulled out the receipt and asked is this your address I replied no and he says oh ok that explains why I was driving around and couldn't find it. Really? The girl who took the order totally go it wrong! I tipped very well and he was great! Now the food  sorry folks this place is over priced for the quality I ordered two slices and a salad the pizza was not good quality the peperoni was not good quality for the price I don't mind paying for good food but 20 bucks for poor quality no thanks wont be back.  service was good also they have other items to choose from in the menu. Its a small restaurant but nice layaout n vibe to it..they also sell slices..id come bak again.." Worst $25 I've spent in a long time." Ordered one thing- a pizza. Got there to pick it up. They got the order wrong. Then they overcharged me. Offered to give me a credit for the next time. Won't go back.  great pizza.  Simple as that. I read a lot of over the top poor reviews.  I don't think good pizza will make unhappy people happy.  Place does get pretty busy and could probably use another worker.  Guy out front was stretched pretty thin answering phones  but pricy! Delivery time was as expected.  We were in The Pointe Squaw Peak so the driver brought us plenty of plates and napkins.  Thank you!"  McD's and a Subway. I had never seen this little place because it's so well hidden. A friend who lives in the area recommended I try their sandwiches. Since I'd like to think I'm open to trying new things I walked on in. The deli is quite the interesting little place. Italian posters have taken over the store and it's kept dark. They seemed to have a vast array of authentic Italian foods for cooking at home. The menu offered variety of sandwiches as well as pizza (sold by the slice) and spaghetti. I settled on a salami sub. Wow  and it's CHEAP! A huge sandwich will set you back $3.25-5.55. Also they have freshly made cannolis! This will become a weekly ritual for me and my co-workers  and don't mind rummaging through foodstuffs to find fresh items.  But certainly never go out of your way to eat here." "This place has to be the worst and dirtiest place in town. I have driven by this place my whole life and today I said they have to be doing something right over there cause they have been here for 40 years . How they have been in business this long is beyond me. I'm Italian and I'm embarrassed for these people. This is the worst sandwich unPzS1QJJctlZyLGFSk_HA  Tony's skips the minced garlic more often than not. If your purchase comes without unPzS1QJJctlZyLGFSk_HA And it's not just the food items. Walking in to Tony's takes me back to the days when I lived and worked all over Europe and bought many a meal in little shops just like it." I give Tony's two stars solely for ambiance  not manufactured old world delicatessen that seems to be on the verge of extinction. The owners are very friendly and accommodating. In my two visits I've had the meatball sub and the hot pastrami sandwich  friendly service and an old school store. This place reminds me of the deli my grandmother used to take me to when I was a kid. The sandwiches are wonderful and a bargain price. Yes they keep the lights off in the back but they do turn them on. Can't blame a guy for conserving some electricity (you aren't paying his bill). Awesomely unique items in the store as well. If it had some indoor seating I'd give it a five star review. I WILL be back." "When my friend had took me here to eat lunch The pesto was tossed out after the weekend...99 percent full." THEE BEST mild Italian sausage out there! They don't overload it with fennel seed which if you don't like licorice you dont want that taste anyways. They have everything an Italian could want from pastas to sauce to just about everything you could imagine. Italian hero was decent but probably wouldn't come back for it.  The pasta salad was old and some of the pasta was starting to get hard.  No bueno.  Overall I'd say they are coming up short in too many levels. If you want a real Italian deli go to Niccolis not too far from here.  They have one of the best sandwiches I've ever had! I go here on occasion but the only thing I have bought is their pepperoni it's the good dried pepperoni.   The kind you used to be able to get in the grocery store but for some reason they don't sell anymore.  It's a tiny little store that dark they don't put on the light and loaded with Italian things fantastic reminds me back home in New York for some reason Phoenix just doesn't have to many Italian delis around here so for now I'll stick with Tony's I will definitely stop back by Tony's on my lunch break for a sandwich in the future!"  outgoing people. I hope they read this review and start making the sandwiches in a more hygienic manner so I can go back again." I had the best capicolla sandwich here! Best Italian sandwiches in Arizona. If you're also looking to shop for Italian groceries then this is the place to go. Love this authentic Italian deli!  Great sandwiches and cannolis to die for.  The service is great!  Makes you feel like family!  and cured meats greet your nose and make your tummy rumble. The Italian gelato is superb and tastes fresh. My new favorite flavor is spumoni. Try this place out. You will not be disappointed with their sandwiches!" This sandwich would have be extraordinarily good had I been able to add my own condiments and had it been heated in a toaster oven."  to run this store designed to look like little Italy. He has achieved that. His heart is good. He wants to pass the store down to his son's Loved the Sicilian olives!!"  and the Italian special sandwich. The sandwich was great! The spaghetti was meh and the salad was bad....but the garlic bread was excellent. I'd still recommend the place for a great man I haven't been in years to this old school deli it still has that age meat smell witch I like and think it still has food on the shelves when I was here 10 years ago JK the food is still the same as I remembered nothing grate but nothing bad what you would expect from a place like this lots of homemade food and things you can't find anywhere els and the the lady's that work there remind me of my Nonna there not rude but they don't have time for your lollygagging so know what you want don't want there time they have work to do lol the pizza is OK but you go there for the subs the bread is good the pastrami is pilled high with just right amount of mustard there not to expensive give there a try  sauce and of course the meatballs were perfect! Hole in the wall but that might be part of the appeal. Also got some prosciutto de Parma and it was excellent as well. Not in that neighborhood much but whenever I am  but it didn't knock my socks off. The sauce was a little plain and I ordered extra cheese on my pizza and got just enough cheese to cover the sauce.  I am willing to try Stumpy's again because the service is so friendly and the pizza is prepared right in front of you. Maybe I should start with a plain pepperoni before going into the sausage and onion realm. Maybe I got a little crazy on my first trip. No...I don't think so plus the customer service is extremely good." My colleagues and I are definitely going back to Stumpy's to try their subs and more."  pleasant owners. Try the sliced sausage topping. The only downside is this is NOT healthy fare - I don't know what the calorie count is per slice  and it's good pizza!  Woodfire oven baked goodness!  Definitely will continue to frequent this shop - especially on nights we're too pooped to cook for ourselves.  So glad to have them around!" These people are so cool and the pizza is just solid as hell. The wings are really great too. Pizza oven baked without all that grease. Hard working good folk."  and spitting hot fire is gooooooood!  Chase and the crew rock it without even breaking a sweat.  Pizza. Wings. all great It's probably good that I drive a stick-shift car because it was all that I could do to not grab a piece and start munching on my ride back home. After seeing all the other pizzas at the restaurant and imagining how they tasted Dominos except it KILLS them. can't say too much about great quality pies made at a local pizza spot "We stayed at the Hilton Squaw Peak and dug around our Entertainment book for local coupons. Stumpy's Pizza was Saturday night's winner and it was damn good. We had a B1G1 pizza so did a half & half for the first one (Medium 1/2 Hawaiian and other 1/2 canadian bacon and onions) and the other pizza Pretty good pizza. I've tried just about every pizza place around and this is in the top 5.  always listens.. which is greatly appreciated.  The pizza is always ready prompt and piping hot and fresh and they very frequently have coupons available which is an added bonus to their already reasonable prices!  Love this mom and pop!" Just go. (Closed on Sundays.)" I have a passion for great pizza.  It's been my favorite food since I was a kid. I've outgrown my fondness for the typical pep & sausage as my tastebuds have been seeking out new flavors. The first time I tried the Gourmet White Pizza at Stumpy's I believe I heard the chorus to Hallelujah! Another favorite of mine is the Hot Blue Chicken Wing Pizza...an explosion of flavorful deliciousness! So good...I am actually salivating over my keyboard just thinking about it! Anyway...Stumpy's is by far one of my most favorite pizza places. Another giant plus? The owners and staff are the most amazingly friendly people I have ever met. They greet everyone with a warm smile and a wonderful pizza!  and this one takes the cake hands down.  I think I could eat one every day.  Made with ricotta and whatever you want.  Even the marinara to dip in is extra fabulous.  Friendly staff  and the employees are always friendly!" Great pizza and wonderful staff! I love their house italian dressing for their salads! The guys that work there are very friendly and always remember the regulars and treat them like old friends. Check this place out if you're in the area  accidents are good.  Real good.  Their pizza is consistently delicious and the people who work here are always friendly.  I haven't tried anything but their pizza and it keeps us coming back.  Try it  great rock and roll. Coupons  I can honestly say Stumpy's does it RIGHT! Everything was prepared like it actually should be (like a real pizzeria) unlike these franchise pizza corporations. I have a NEW pizza spot while I'm at my girlfriends now "The best pizza I have had in a long time. I give it 4 stars because the area it is in is hard to find and somewhat shady. We ordered a pineapple I have a carryout/delivery menu from Stumpy's but it's nice to dine in or sit outside on a cool evening If you want wings and pizza try their Buffallo Bleu Cheese Pizza."  it is right off the 51 at Northern.  Highly recommend for a cheap I've never had a bad pizza. Their crumbly sausage is so good and their service can't be beat. Yummy! "This place was fantastic. First of all I placed my order online. They called me in about 30 seconds to verify the order since my zip code for the credit card was out of state. Once I got there the food was ready in the time promised (they even held it for a few minutes once he learned I would be making another stop first). I took the food back to the hotel room and it was perfect. The order details (no tomatoes  eyes big with pleasant surprise. I'll certainly go back to try other items on the menu. It's a small place and not a chain. I like that! No alcohol served and that's OK with me. Hours are Mon.-Sat. 11a-9p. Subs are $7.00 & change; pizza starts at $11.50. Employee's work well together  and fast delivery.  I'd recommend and definitely order from again.  (Please send napkins with delivery).  Did I mention the great fresh garlic?"  the best pizza in the whole Phoenix Metro area.  If you don't like this place chances are that nobody likes you and you're a complete moron.  You know who you are! Lol!" "A ""neighborhood joint"" that's closed on Sundays during football season???" UPDATE:  Stumpy's is still offering wonderful pizza and subs. They have added delivery within a certain area  inexpensive (only slightly more than chains) and the customer service was awesome.  So much personality!!!!!  They made me want to come back in her over and over again  sometimes I will spend a few return trips on one sandwich just making sure I really like it. It is worth your time to take a drive and enjoy the food  and the service and food are always consistently great. At this point This place is the bomb. Fan-freaking-tactic pizza. Truly some of the best ive ever had. The owner is a really nice lady who made my pizza herself. I would recommend this to anyone. If only I lived closer I would have it more often.  but they are churning out some huge sandwiches with quality ingredients and some delicious looking pizza.  While $9.50 including tax Had cheese and sausage with onion pizza. Crust was limp and doughy. Italian salad was average. Not my kind of pizza  and the bread was not soggy even with the extra cheese. I had a (3) slice of ""The Butcher"" pizza. Loved it. This place is extremely friendly  it's tucked away next to my dentist and doesn't look like much from the outside (or inside) but the food is delicious. Also  we won't leave without checking that we got the pizza we ordered rather than someone else's leftover pepperoni pizza  ITS SO GOOD EVERYONE WANTS IT! Im telling you amazing. A lot cheaper than spinatos and a lot more (If you're in the area and can't pick) Delivery is cheap too so we don't even have to leave! We came in for lunch one day and the cashier who was a lady (Amber? Amanda?) Can't remember but Can I add 1 more star? Let's make this a 6star! Love love love.  and the prices are reasonable. The greek salad comes loaded with toppings and all the ingredients were fresh. Topping-wise Delicious.   The hot Italian sandwich on wheat with everything is the best sandwich I've ever had and I've heard others say it.  Pizza is fantasic.   The owner Chase and his wife are so friendly and so is all the staff.  and I had an excellent calzone.  Husband enjoyed the meatball sub too.  Quick I absolutely recommend trying the specialty pizzas.  This place is great and a treasure in my local area!" This place is a hole in the wall they have great pizza and salads. It was a small place but I would still say it was kid friendly. YAY !!! ITSA GOODA PIE!!" GO!  GET SOME GOOD EATS!!" This place has great pizza.  Crust not to thick.  Chewy and crispy.  Very flavorful sauce. "Food was great I would've given 5 stars but I got charged for 2 extra dressings & both were wrong. Also when I specifically ordered chx wings for my kids ""these are for my kids"" he could've told me that mild is still a little spicy. My spicy wings were great. Delivered to my hilton squaw peak room Great Pizza for the money. Love the crunchy crust. Great flavor to the sauce. I always ask for extra sauce and they add on with no problem. Only downer is there is not much room to dine in. Great dive pizza joint.  but I don't think it was amazing. The woman who took our order over the phone was very friendly though I hate giving bad reviews. Actually this is the lowest review I've ever given. I'm not sure what else to do when I pay $23 for a pizza that arrives cold and so soggy it's completely inedible. Straight to the garbage and off to buy dinner for the second time tonight. Awesome. "Very Poor Customer Service Skills. Got a sandwich to go. Got all the way home to find the bottom of sandwich seeping with fluids and soggy enough bread to bait a hook! Drive back and informed them. Even though they remade the sandwich not one person offered me a discount on my next order or anything to compensate me for my additional time and inconvenience.  Generally  I love what they've done in such a tiny little shop space. This struck me immediately as an independent little neighborhood joint with pride of ownership. I just wish it was easier to spot when driving by."  fresh toppings. I loved the marguerita and my girl loved the greek. The slice and a salad combo is a great value too." kxDGexkbP30fBvxVI0CzFQ Ordered a takeout order online to be ready at 7:55 show up at 8:00 to pick it up and they were just putting it in the oven... It was ready at 8:20. They didn't even apologize. Overpriced for such bad service. I won't be eating here again. This is my new favorite lunch place. It is right by my new house and I am stoked to have a local go-to spot. The hot veggie sandwich is excellent and the dressing has such a savory flavor. The garlic breadsticks are some of the best I've had. Haven't had pizza yet but plan to soon. http://www.attorneysteve.net" They have a awesome spread they put on the subs too!" The pizza was hand tossed but the crust was perfectly crispy! The flavors were perfect too. I had the small which fed me (Im a big guy) but could have fed 2 people. I also had a 6 piece of hot wings which were very good! I would deffinately go back here again. Much better than streets of New York and there wings are the best I go there all the time This is our favorite neighborhood pizza spot. Great crust and yummy toppings. Get a pizza stone and you are all set.. BillyRay"  weekly specials and neighborhood coupons. Visit enough times and they remember you by name. Dine in a lot and you and your family will get your picture on the wall. Its a small spot but has just the right amount of space." Stumpy's came thru wonderfully - the order was on time  this is my favorite neighborhood pizza spot. Highly recommended!" This is a Real joint For good subs and pizza Even it diesla not have the nieces exterior appeal the delicious food makes it up  they only have pies with sauce and then they put the toppings on as you order. The pizza oven is one of those conveyor belt type which I'm not crazy about. But the slices that were coming out for other customers looks pretty delicious. I'll have to come back and try to pizza you're going to have to be pretty damn good cause I'm spoiled when it comes to pizza. So if you're in the area The staff was friendly and they seemed to be enjoying themselves.  Nice place to take a family." Absolutely love love love their pizza. Its some of the best pizza I have had since moving to Arizona ! The pizza was flavorful and crispy and the sub was also very good.  Sub was on fresh bread and portion size was huge - enough for 2.  This was one of the best pizzas I have ever tasted and I would order it every week if i could. STUMPY'S IS AWSOME!"  the sandwiches are great and don't forget the rice krispie treats "In town for a few days. Ate here the first 2 nights. It's that good! Go  here's $5 off your next order"" canned reply. That was a fraction of the value of the items we were shorted. This fly-by-night service is DOA in my book. I'll use other local delivery services going forward and steer clear of shady-Stumpy's. I cannot believe they would say they delivered items when they did not - TWICE!!! The whole experience was pathetic and disappointing." "driving down northern we saw this place and decided to give it a shot. the place is VERY small inside but luckily the weather was nice so we were able to eat at a table outside.   The sauce was really good and so was the cheese I can't express how much I love this place.  Their pizza is so delicious and the customer service is excellent.  Stumpys is by far my favorite pizza place in the valley. They have a wide selection of toppings for pizza and a good variety of sandwiches if that's your thing (I'm a pizza guy  Stumpy's delivers. Which is also amazing. That is all." "Service wasn't that great. Table I sat at was dirty. It took them about 10 minutes to get me a side salad that I had ordered with a slice of pepperoni pizza. The salad had fresh ingredients. Pretty good. The pizza was alright kxDGexkbP30fBvxVI0CzFQ Just ate here today.  A buddy of mine took me. Great sub good pizza! service was nice too. thank guys. Don't make it to your side of town a lot but when I do Im there. kxDGexkbP30fBvxVI0CzFQ  the staff are friendly and helpful. Only the ambiance is a problem; it is crowded pizza joint decor and the tables are very close together. The prices are excellent given the quality. We do a Butcher's Special (meat lover) with added ricotta. It is as good a pizza as I've ever had. There is ample parking   will be back again soon!" "Just picked up my first pizza from there. 16"" The Works! Fantastic!! The whole family is hooked. Fresh  I get pepperoni and man! The toppings are SO fresh! You can also get a monster slice which is clutch during lunch. But I am writing this for their SUBS. God Bless Stumpy's and their subs! It's the mayo...believe me "I was at the American Italian club playing bocce and decided to grab a pizza on my way home. Opened up the phone to Yelp and found this place right up the street. Had good reviews so i gave it a try and was really glad I did cause this place is awesome! Got a large The Works and added the garlic and jalapeno. Was really a great pizza and everyone loved it. Next time I tried the Whiteout On another night I went to SNY just to get some variety and perspective on Phx area pizza and it was a total let down. Stumpys was closed so I had no choice but next time  but man! It's one of the best little hole in the wall places in that area! I wouldn't call the food good...I would call it addicting! I can't wait to go back there with my man! If you haven't gone there "A local eatery recommended by a neighboring business. I tried to order two slices to go and was told all slices are made to order; no ready made pizzas;  please choose from the menu. Hmm. Waited approximately 8 minutes and boy was it worth it!  Fresh delicious ingredients "I've eaten here a few times now and I was hooked at first bite. Everything so far has been delicious. The whiteout pizza is one of my favorites as well as the hot subs. So far I've tried the veggie and Italian. Both were awesome! I'll be coming back for more! For those ordering delivery  but definitely worth the price."  and there is something for everyone. Stumpy's is really good for their prices and I go here for a movie night or a birthday party or for a little guilty pleasure. I love The Works pizza."  just the right amount of sauce. Well done. Good price also. Service was good. Definetly recommend." I LOVE Stumpy's I have eaten here for the last 12 years and have not had one bad thing. The best thing on the menu is the hot Italian sub! Their house dressing is amazing!! Also don't forget the chocolate chip cookie; best cookie I have bought at a pizza/sub place; soft in the center and crispy on the edges.  You Gotta try it all!!  I am not interested in her perspective.  Great delivered pizza.  Wrong order.  Guest service from 17 year olds who don't give a crap  the wings are baked that's a plus ! The owner is there sometimes cooking  Stumpy's has some of the best Phoenix pizza I've ever had it's hard to find a good pizza joint and not end up going to dominoes or Pizza Hut but let me tell you ping the two extra bucks for this pizza is well worth it fresh ingredients quick service I recommend this to anyone that's in the area for lunch or dinner I've also had their subs and they're also very good I find this a great choice for pizza and I hope hope their dishes are as good as the pizza The pizza is awesome! The chef salad was great! Only reason I couldn't give 5 stars is because when I was ordering on the phone it was unorganized and a long wait to order and a really long delivery time. I ended up just picking it up and that was fine. Nice people but not great on the phone. But the pizza made up for all that! Glad I yelped this place.  but very close and comparable to the pizza I grew up eating. For a great price this is definitely my go-to neighborhood pizza and sandwich place!" One of the best Pizza's I've had. It's a small place - only a couple of tables - Carry Out is their main business. Medium Wings were great also and Fresh Salad. Wish they had real dishes and utensils though - I don't like all that Styrofoam - maybe they could find a more eco-friendly product. Best subs in Arizona!! Get the Italian classic with habenaro mayo!! Omg! Sooo good! The service is awesome and fast! Pizza is spot on as well!! Don't think just go to stumpys! "Very disappointed ordered a pizza and never got it Stopped here and got the to slice meal of pepperoni and bacon. The pizza was awesome in the staff was friendly and helpful. please open one of these in Gilbert!! "This place has no kidding the best sandwiches I've ever had. My favorite is the Bigger Dipper with chipotle mayo. So remarkably good I can't stop ordering it! The Italian Me and my husband just had dinner here this evening. We walked in and everyone behind the counter was busy. But they weren't busy enough to greet us when we walked in. We took a look at their menu and decided we would share a medium pizza. We ordered the butcher pizza which had all the meats on it. I must say that the pizza was GOOD! The crust could be a little thinner and a little more sauce could be added. Then it would have been a GREAT pizza. The Italian sausage was very good along with the rest of the meats actually. I heard about this place from a friend of ours. We had just purchased a house in the area and was told by him to give it a chance. I'm glad we did as it was only $21 dollars for the medium butcher and 2 medium drinks. We can't wait to try out their delivery service since we are only 5 blocks away. Thank you stumpy's for a great first experience at your establishment. Ws Wings outta this world!! Pizza was delicious but the topping can easily slip right off the crust Love this place I had their pizza for the first time about 2 months ago when a friend ordered through delivery.  I ordered from here at least once a week I only wish they delivery area covered more of the Downtown Phoenix area. "We ordered Stumpy's for delivery last night based on a coupon we had. Ordered one pepperoni pizza to be delivered about one mile. They told us it would be about 45 minutes to an hour. At an hour and 20 minutes we called to check status and they told us they weren't sure what was going on or where their driver was. They told us they would give a discount on the next order. The driver showed up at the two hour mark with our pizza. The pizza was okay Pizza is my favorite food so I know what im talking about - try stumpys!" Everything smelled wonderful and we drooled over a couple of sandwiches we saw. Our pie came quickly and was just the right size for sharing. The crust was crispy with a chewy-ness - not quite a thin crust but not a thick crust either. The flavor of the sauce was good Employees lack personality." "Been looking for  real NY style pizza.  I found it at Stumpys.  Sauce is delicious!! Spicy BBQ wings are great!! They are baked not fried!! Prices are reasonable!! Busy place  food was good but unfortunately I didn't get my whole order. Supposed to get 24 wings and they only sent 12. I've called about 8 times and no answer. Never ordering delivery again "Love this place!  I have been coming here for years now. Pizzas are fantastic and the staff is extremely friendly and fun!  If you're tired of trendy fads and are just craving a good old fashion mom and pop hearty pizza that out of this world "We ordered delivery while staying at a resort near here. Got the barbecue chicken pizza and a mushroom pizza. Both were fantastic  half Greek (with sausage sprinkled ax the entire pie) as well as breadsticks and hot wings. Everything was delicious!!"  but now two weeks later and still no refund. Then to find out he's been on vacation so that must mean he forgot.. I basically said I would stop by in person tomorrow and expect my refund in person. Not only have I had to deal with awful customer service "Pizza crisp was amaz-balls. We also ordered The Works which the kids liked better.  I am from El Paso and we aren't really a pizza city so I may be easily impressed? But definitely recommend this place. Call in your delivery order  and they offer counter service and are very friendly. I use to live close enough for delivery "We were staying at the Hilton for the weekend and found Stumpys on Yelp and decided to try it out.  I was impressed with the online ordering as it was easy to order and allowed me to choose the time I wanted to take delivery of dinner.  It was 3 pm at the time of my order and I specified 5 pm for the delivery.  This would give them plenty of time to plan to get my order on time.  At 5:35 there was a knock at the door and it was the Stumpys delivery guy.  He handed us a few bags and brought out a pizza.  We ordered two large pizzas (a black olive and a ham and pineapple) and an order of 12 breadsticks.  We were given one ham and pineapple pizza Our group left all giving it 5 stars!!" We were staying at the Pointe Squaw Peak for a staycation and wanted pizza. This place came up and sounded great! Pizza was delicious and the wings were yummy! We will definitely return again :) I've been getting delicious sandwiches from Stumpy's for about 15 years now. I really love the Italian Classic and the French Dip. Stumpy's represents the regions well! Its so good that my wife makes me stop and pick up something whenever I'm in the neighborhood.  with a thin foldable crust and an interesting choice of cheese. Still not quite 5 star worthy  no concern...nothing. Won't be going back." "So good!! Very friendly staff and patrons. Everyone always seems to be a regular when you go in there. I've had their plain cheese and also a pepperoni with sausage. My New Yorker boyfriend gave his seal of approval by eating almost the whole pizza lol. We'll be ordering again for sure! Call ahead for take out. They are great I love this place. The pizza is great. Amazing calzones. I only had a sub once but it too was delicious. Not to mention the friendly staff. Everyone there has always made me feel welcome. kxDGexkbP30fBvxVI0CzFQ I love whole in the wall pizza joints....great slices...friendly staff...fast...and quite fulfilling "Best pizza and sub's around.  If you don't get the Italian sub you are missing out "This is the best pizza I've ever had and top 3 with wings. It's a little pricey but if you have the money you have to go. They've messed up our order twice in the over 3 years we've been going  my face is stuffed with the ""works"" pizza.....soooo good! And my husband absolutely loves the ""bob's"" wings. It's one of the best places to eat pizza in Phoenix." "The only reason that I had for stopping at Stumpy's is that it's on the way to an Xmas party where I had to bring something ""to share"".  I call ahead and by the time I'm passing by the pizza is done.  Haul it to the party and everybody's happy.  Good pizza and staff "Stumpys is the best pizza I've EVER eaten in Phoenix. Ive lived here 20 years. It is absolutely delicious. I  started a job in the strip mall and have been addicted every since. The sandwiches are also great  the location is not the best but the owner here also owns 13 North in the same little shopping center. (Go there BTW!!) I had enjoyed Stumpy's Pizza in the past but never the sub. Had an opportunity to drop in and am very glad I did. If you like a hot italian cold cut sub go get this!!" "Went here after bookmarking this place on yelp and I have to say my pizza was great. I called prior to coming to ensure they accepted Amex (which they did) even though it was a busy Friday night the woman that answered the phone was polite and pleasant. Once we arrived I order the family deal which is a large cheese pizza and 24 wings.. I added pepperoni to the entire pizza and bacon and sausage to half Their customer service is great! It was our second time there and they remember my boyfriend's last order. The cashier was very kind and helpful as well ." "I'm new to the area and the area of Phoenix that I used to live had a terrible selection of pizza delivery.  Since I've moved over here I've made it a point to take advantage of the choices I have.  I absolutely love Stumpys  that the orders I have placed have only been during the week.  She was not a good example of customer service.  The owner/manager is the only responsible party but he doesn't work past 5. So no one to talk to.  I was told that the food should be excellent.  This was the first time that the pizza was cold and the wings were soggy.  She got down to my level kxDGexkbP30fBvxVI0CzFQ Best Pizza around in my opinion. I order the works and the topping are awesome. The iced Tea is delicious as well. "Grabbed a pizza to go when we were staying in the area on vacation.  Pizza was very good Sorry...but my kids wouldn't even eat this pizza.  It was terrible.  A simple cheese pizza. I have been going to stumpies 4 years every time i go the pizza is always hot and fresh "We tried Stumpys after a recommendation from a friend when we moved into the neighborhood. Nothing but great things to say. The pizza is bomb "Just had the hot Club Sandwich on white. Killer. Perfectly balanced  we had a slice and side salad combo. Fresh salad with homemade ranch  friendly service. Order the pizza to go and get the wingding with mild sauce. You will not regret it." Tasty pizza! place is a little rough to get in and out of on a lunch hour though Tiny place.  Give it a try..." Small little place with awesome pizza. Cant wait to be in the area again to go there again!  good amount of sauce. My husband came back to the hotel with the yummy goodness and was stopped several times by people asking where he went. He gave them the coupons from the top of the box. I hope they got business from that. We'd definitely order from them again when in AZ." Their sliced sausage is great and sauce and cheese are perfect."   and the service was rather quick.  If you're in the area this place is highly recommended"  not the best I've ever had though. I like the option that you can either order the whole pizza or just by the slice. I was looking for a thin crust pizza so the lady recommended to order it by the slice. I built my own with pepperoni Came here from California based on other reviews online and we're pleased with the pizza the meatballs and friendliness of the staff. Would recommend anyone to Stumpys the pizza was great kids loved it "Every time we're in Arizona at the Pointe Hilton Sqaw Resort we always order Stumpy's.  They deliver to hotel conclusion: i would definitely not recommend this location to a friend but if you absolutely had no choice i guess you could always put up with the crap the employees dish out in-store and in the drive-thru" The Indian lady that owns this franchise here is extremely racist and didn't let me use 2 type of breads for 1 sandwich even tho I was willing to pay more ughh hopefully subway sees this and stops her rain #sandwich#nazi  one the service sucks. The lady that owns it is rude and makes the owner workers miserable. Two they try to scam you for more money like not taking online coupons. The place isn't that bad food wise but the people suck."  NY style slice of pepperoni heaven?  One -- Ray's on Bell Rd. & 3rd Street! If you want to feel like your walking into a pizzeria in downtown NYC  I've upped them a star because I heard through the grapevine that they've repainted and refreshed their interior. Hmmm... did someone tell them about my review?!"  Ray's delivers just that... I followed my friend's lead and blotted it a bit with a napkin before diving in and devouring my slice.  I would 100% take out from Ray's again... it was reasonably priced ($16.50 for a large - actually Been to this and other Ray's pizza locations many times."  tasty slices & I'd be pleased to enjoy another pizza I guarantee you won't feel the same way about pizza!" V3lQtk1LgwAEcF9j-BzchA  I have never not had to wait while picking up the pizza..I am not a fan of the steak sandwich Not all Ray's is the same.  This Ray's is the best pizza outside of Brooklyn.  just-sloppy-enough slices. Though I usually neglected the Ray's chains of questionable origin and quality in Manhattan in favor of other joints I liked better Excellent pizza and fantastic selection of Italian food. Prices are wonderful as well.  I have a hard time not wanting to eat Rays!" By far my favorite pizza!!! This is the best NY style pie in town.  I would give it 5 stars but they don't have free drink refills and the counter person rarely gets off of her cell phone to take your order. Ray's at 3rd St and Bell Rd can't be beat!"  don't let the cashier's New York attitude scare you off  but the service sucks. Dudes working there are really pissy pant types. Like they were doing me a favor making me that pizza and charging almost $20 for a medium veggie." "Honestly I don't know what all the fuss is about for this place rtLNlsi9vtKqwk61Y8tMpQ Don't go in expecting to get a smile out of the staff though.  I've been going there for years and they could have no teeth and I wouldn't know it." "I come here any time my wife and I are wanting some simple slices. The food is always good and cheap with the slices being huge. I usually order two forgetting just how big they are! I've read a lot of reviews complaining about the service  extra mushroom pizza and they piled on the mushrooms. It was such a relief to find a pizza place in Phoenix that resembles a good old fashioned NY pizza parlor. I will be back and am still searching for the best pizza "What more can I say.  Nice staff coupled with the best New York Style pizza in town "New York ghetto feel in a strip mall but delicious pizza!!!! Not oily and crunchy thin crust with plenty of toppings if you want. We ordered a large with jalopenos I havent met a Rays that I dont like  onion and cheese). The mozzarella sticks took a little while to come out but they were cooked to perfection. They also threw in a few garlic knots which was awesome. The pizza was unbelievable--I think the crumbled sausage really did it! They have great deals like large pie & 20 wings for $20 which I definitely will be taking advantage of during football games on Sunday. Glad to have found a new place where I can also be a regular!" When I saw the $20 for $10 deal at Rays I jumped on it.  Ordered the breaded chicken w/ spaghetti dinner.  My buddy ordered the sausage hero sub.  I was amazed when they told us we needed to order something else to use the entire $20 deal.  We choose the cheese garlic bread.  The food was great and the service was good. Could not have asked for more! Can't wait to go back. New York City pizza in Phoenix :)" "Great food and great service. Some staff may not be entirely welcoming Give em a try you will be guaranteed you will be back for more!!!!"  the place is clean. Price's are great!" Good pizza and wings at a good price. Can't really go wrong with Famous Rays Best NY pizza - consistently good. Always tastes better extra crispy or warmed up. 2 words .  Soooooo good! Love the pizza and the staff. The gravy could use some work. I'm a regular and it's the only place I'll get down home local (to me) pizza. When my boyfriend called to place an order for pickup he took too long and got hung up on I really like the NY-style pizza that Ray's gives ya. I dined in with the yelp $10 for $20 deal and got a Large Monster and it was delicious. The decor was extremely NY. The service was counter style which was down to earth. I will be going back for sure. Less one star because I've had better but this by no means isn't fantastic!  I got a great deal here. But the food took forever and the man behind the counter couldn't even crack a smile. No doubt it was good pizza though!" I LOVE their pizza! It is lightyears away from the chains and the family owned atmosphere is awesome. Also the slices are HUGE!  the cashier had such a genuine personality and was so friendly. The food...amazing. Best wings and pizza. :) The store had a comfortable atmosphere:)" "Worse ""Ray's"" I've been too! The girl told me that they raise their prices this time of year cuz of pizza. Took over 30 mins to get our food! Worst pizza ever!! It was just sauce and little but of cheese. Plus I had the coupon and so they just added $10 to the price of my food so a pizza and wings was $35 all of a sudden. Horrible food!!!" Just as good as it has always been - great pizza. I have also had their wings in the past and they're great too!"  you name it! You'll feel like you just stepped off the number 2 train and landed in NYC."  I enjoyed conversating with her. I purchased the $10 for $20 deal on YELP & tried getting the special large cheese pizza with 20 wings for $20.95 but the owner said it wasn't valid with my coupon  really dry wings. Never coming back... Btw the guy who answers the phone is not very friendly at all when asking for specials and sounded very annoyed when I called."  upstate type wings are fresh and served with blue cheese not ranch dressing.  Almost $50 for 2 pies with a couple toppings and 20 wings."  best pizza in town. Ill be the first to admit I'm a snob about pizza "We ate here 20 years ago and then moved away. Just came back for a visit and it's still delicious.  The service is very friendly and the pizza is amazing. The crust is the perfect balance of crispy and chewy.  The sliced sausage topping is my favorite. Pizza slice with sausage and pepperoni "Ray's Has Some Of The Best Pizza I Have Had In A While. Great Toppings "Great place to go for some really fantastic N.Y. pizza. We've been visiting this location for years and nothing from the friendly New York greeting to the taste of the pizza ever changes. If you get the chance "Love Ray's! My family has been ordering from here for years. They go out of their way to make you happy. I love the wings! Their white pizza is amazing. The wait everyone complains about is because everything is fresh just for you Great food!  Great pizza! Wings are best I've had in Phoenix by a long shot.   Smaller family like atmosphere with friendly service.  You can't go wrong with Ray's. Got some wings tonight. I ordered mild but they gave me hot! I called and complained and he wanted me to bring the wings back but I was already home and didn't want to go back out after a long day of work. So he offered me 12 free wings for the next time I wanted to order from them granted I ordered 20 and we only ate about 4 of them because they were hot. I would have given 4 stars had he offered the full order back but I guess 12 is fair. "Best lasagna I've ever had! And portions are huge! You can tell the family puts work into their food. Definitely New York style food and attitude (which I loved). This place is now my go to for Italian food. Even the loaf of bread was perfectly crispy on the outside and warm and soft inside! I'll be back Well I met with vinnie and he was awesome and very friendly and approachable I got the pizza and wings and able to eat the wings this time it was amazing. Best wings I have had in years they were juicy and crunchy and not small. I have been to some places where the wings are so small you get like one and a half bite of it but these wings are huge and the pizza that I was able to try for the first time was amazing as well. The cheese was flowing and piping hot and the sauce has to be a secret recipe past down from a family genius because it was perfect and not too over spiced or sweet. I am so glad he contacted me to try it out again and I know that our family Friday night pizza will be ordered from this place going forward in the future.  My kids even ate the crust and not sure about other people's kids but for mine to eat the crust it's nothing short of a miracle. Awesome food and great people and I will continue to be a repeat customer and I think that if you are reading reviews to figure which pizza place to try then look no further because this place is not expensive "I've been a customer of this location since 98. The food is amazing! The whole menu is really 2nd to none and you can always count on some sort of special.  It really feels like I'm back in NY when I step in this place. The service has always been a genuine kind of friendly and they're always quick Been going there for 15 years.  Great pizza!!  Real NY style pizza at a fair price.  there so nice there too. If ur getting dominos ur an idiot Been coming to rays pizza for about ten years never been disappointed. Pizza is always fresh and closet thing to a New York pizza "It was what I expected of a New York Pizza. Thin  didn't make you feel valued or important as a customer.  I don't need to feel all warm and fuzzy to get good food but sure am not going to give 5 stars when the guys filling our order are glaring at us like we just killed their puppy.  Maybe someone just got a backside-chewing.  Will give them another chance and hope for  decent service and still get good food."  it took me 10 minutes to find a spot and even then I just gave up and parked against a curb. Oh and the XL pizza is truly huge Fast service. Great pizza. Ordered an XL and it was very crispy on bottom...which is hard to do but they did it! Definitely would go back. The best Brooklyn Style Pizza in Phoenix. They even have Jamaica Beef Patties. You won't be disappointed. "Eating here right now. For $5 it's a steal here.  Really good. If I want pizza and I'm down here "Walked in here one night randomly spoke to the owner and he hooked me up on a pizza. It was really good  average rest of menu. Guys that answer the phone are a little rough around the edges but you expect that at an authentic pizza joint. I recommend this place over most." Great pizza use their yelp coupon it worked out great . Also had the meatball they were good too! I've been going to this pizza place for fifteen years. I use to live in the neighborhood and would visit weekly. I now visit every few months. Best sauce ever!  but come hungry.  The lasagna portion is large. My husband's meatball sandwich is really good and very large. We saw this restaurant in NY and wanted to try it but ran out of time. We will definitely come back next time we are in Phoenix."  but our to go experience has always been great." 1.70 per topping is too much." Great deal for the money with the Yelp! deal for $10.  Pizza was good... NY style is not my favorite but I can recognize when something is good! "This pizza has been the Best Pizza I've ever had so far since moving to AZ last year!!! I ordered it extra thin and well done! When I took that first bite I literally had visions of my old pizzerias back in NYC! Right amount of crust I been going to this place ever since I moved out here from NY they know my family very well. I also have had the honor of eating at the rays in the city and honestly I can still remember them both tasting identical from the pizza to the Jamaican beef patties THIS IS THE REAL NY PIZZA!!!  although I'd still like to try some of the other things on their menu as they looked very enticing. I will stick to my local Chicago Style Pizza Joint for a nice thin crust square cut pizza! :-)" Best pizza ever and the staff is extremely nice I was so happy when I found this place right by my apartment! Best New York style pizza in the state. Food is real good reminds me of my home in Brooklyn "Everything is yummy ... especially the Monster Pie! They're not the friendliest guys in town A plus is they sell slices also and have small individual sizes as well." "I have been going to this Phoenix Ray's for 10 years since I moved to town from NY.  Great pizza and hot wings - reminds me of home!  Definately the most authentic in the valley.  There are too many other places that call themselves NY style I love their pizza whenever I am willing to spend a little extra and make the drive I certainly come here for their New York style pizza. The white pizza Is amazing!!! It's good but not as good as the Ray's located on Greenway. Which is some of the best Pizza in the Valley.  because as I said the pizza is delicious but probably not to dine in." Love it here! The staff is always friendly and accommodating. I like it that they remember their repeat customers and we are repeats because of the excellent food and service they provide. Thank you!  but the small order was definitely enough for 4 people. Comes with a side of delicious marinara also. Our pizza was pepperoni and mushroom and it was great  is just how Jersey these guys are. They're surly as hell Delicious pizza and wings. The pizza is New York style but not greasy or floppy. This is our families new go to place for pizza and wings. "Great place for a great slice! Always get 2 cheese pizzas and always come out right! Love this place "Love love love the white pizza!!! Super friendly staff Love this corner pizza joint!  Crust to cheese to sauce ratio is perfection.  Their wings are good too!  I often get their large pizza and 20 wing special for $22 bucks.  Service is good enough.  They are always busy.  but I would definitely go back! Wish the sauce was a little more garlicky (garlic slut over here haha!) but throw a little garlic salt on there with some crushed red pepper and you are good to go! Thanks Ray's for a great pizza!" Love this place. Been going here for years. Owners are surly but it feels more New York to me  but never again for their pizza or wings... Too many better options in the valley." As an east coast guy I know a good pie and this is a good pie The rest is of the food is good as well great little mom an pop joint with family ties to real east coast pizza has the feel of every mom an pop shop you miss from east coast  especially with toppings. Worth the price if you like good pizza." Pretty awful. Might work if you've never been to New York/ tasted pizza before. canned mushrooms got no place on a pizza in 2015 America (Review for by the slice ) Thin and soggy. Over priced 1 slice with three toppings ( they just add it to an already cooked slice and then reheat it) was $4. If I'm over paying for pizza I'd rather go to Johnnys at cave creek and Greenway. They have thin but not soggy pizza and they make the sausage and mozzarella fresh in house. Owner was nice. Pizza was good but not great. Fortunately had a yelp coupon which make it a great deal.  Good experience but not a do over. V3lQtk1LgwAEcF9j-BzchA Update: Recent full remodel bumps this pizza gem to 5 stars.  Famous Ray's is THE BEST. "I have been eating here since the 90s and I have to say famous Rays New York style pizza makes the best Chicago style pizza I had. We always order the Sicilian monster Highly recommended; I'm the guy in the wheelchair  the slice is no bigger than a slice from papa johns! Not at rays! My fianc and I are from New York and we were pleased to find this gem. The guys are pretty much straight from BK and are rather entertaining. Great spot! And food is affordable! And apparently you can enjoy a glass of wine for 3.50. Doesn't get much sweeter than that!" good place to have authentic new york style pizza! a bit pricy for everyday eating but worth to try. Amazing pizza and sandwiches!  I'm a regular here.  The people and food are both great! "I continue to be hooked on this joint!  In addition to all the items I've eaten that are posted in my review of 4/1/15; I've now tried the chicken parm "Food is always good but this is the third time in a row that the woman working the counter has been completely stone faced and looks like she hates her life.  Also Our first time here and it's really good! The Pizza was fresh and the wings were so good! Gonna come back again when I'm back in the valley. OlBs9lkLpswncPaE8w4-6w Great pizza and wings! Everyone that works there is really nice too! Highly recommend this place!  because the crust was excellent.  This Philly girl - new to North Phoenix - will be looking for someplace else for her next carry-out pie." There is some humor here also; each time they bring it to the table "Haven't had this in a long time. Every bit as good as I remember. Love it "Such a great place for pizza and wings! No matter what location you go to you will have the same high quality pizza. Great prices  a pizza joint that has good pizza and beef pepperoni! You can't go wrong with that combo." Great pie. Wonderful staff. Very relaxing and filling. Surely will be back and recommend it above any of the chains. "Great pizza folks. I've had a lot of pizzas in my time but this pizza ranks right up there with the very best I've had. They put generous amounts of toppings on there pizzas and the crust is by far more superior than most other pizza places out there. Don't just take my word on this folks I've been to this location at least 5 times and I plan to visit even more in the future. Don't confuse this Rays with others  the mushrooms are canned and I usually detest canned food but they season them beautifully. Very reasonable prices too." Solid New York Pizza here. Best in Phoenix hands down. best pizza place in phoenix.  we love to dine in.  it has the old school pizza place vibe. a very generous glass of wine is also a plus "For the record I been here maybe a total of 5 times and the pizza isn't very good but it's cheap for a slice. Due to it being so cheap I have Ended up getting sick of there pizza 3 out of 5 times I have no idea if it because it's under cooked or if it was bad ingredients. I just end up getting a vibe I shouldn't be there "We love this place. The servers aren't always the nicest Solid place for sure!" Always come here on our yearly vacation in Phoenix. This place is the great. The pizza is definitely authentic New York style. They also have good Yelp offers too.  they don't have fresh mushrooms in New York City!" "Been eating their pizza since I was a kid. Best pizza in Phoenix  the hot wing were REALLY hot...yummy! Great food yelp wants me to add more to make the review so here it is but again great food"  and dude looks at me like I am bothering him. With the secret two digit numerical code my wife relayed to me I was able to get my hands on the order. After acquiring the ordered items I shuffle slowly towards the register. Before 1 1/2 shuffles buddy behind the counter gave me some serious angry eyes asking if I paid! What!! I was obliged to promote their high traffic area and simply moved closer to the point of business where I could pay. Not cool. Insulting and honestly.... Never again. I hope they trained that staff to make sure they never get return business because in that scenario.... Job well done" This place does serve some pretty good pizza. The atmosphere though doesn't look all that great. I do like though is that they do have pictures around the place that do scream out America. Any kind of pizza that you order would be good.  fantastic wings and great service. I always order my wings with extra sauce so they reheat in the oven without becoming too dry. With the local chain I used to order from switching their ingredients to cheaper ones and changing over to fastrack ovens We love Famous Ray's. We have had the pizza and wings here and have never been disappointed. Plus I have a weakness for that NY accent. Nice guys!  every time. I've been coming here for years and I've never been disappointed. The most recent visit I got ""The Monster"" (peppers next time on this side of Phoenix will stop in again for sure."  great price and doesn't effect my wheat intolerance. I go out of my way to eat at Ray's! You should too" Moral of the story is: if you want legit NY style pizza  and very nice. Great calzone!! Thing was huge and delicious!! The pizza by the slice was average I will get the calzone again when I go back!!"  but not my style of pizza. I love a really thin crust and this is true NY style pie. If you like that kind of crust then I'm sure you'll love it. My husband thought it was amazing. They are very generous with the toppings." I really like this place. I'm from New Jersey and it's hard finding an authentic place around here. Great food and people Awesome spot! My kinda place. Very down-to-earth small hole in the wall. Food looks and smells great! "Great pizza and friendly staff!  I got the yelp deal of $10 for $20 and got a large thin stye pizza with 3 toppings for just a couple bucks out of pocket  this place takes me back to my NY childhood and the pizzeria that I used to work in. Very authentic all the way to the accent. Very good NY style pizza and great people that take care of you. We have only had the pizza and mozzarella sticks so far but plan to keep trying other menu items as we go back time and time again. Great find! Delicious!!!"    the Guy behind the counter has a great New York additude.  We got here just before there 130 mini rush  love the lunch special 2 slices and a drink. Some of the most easy going people I have talked to. No one can beat Ray's!"  sorry). I told her it was my first time and she helped me make a decision (bc I'm indecisive) and I made my own creation. She saw that I had a Yelp coupon for checking in. She happily took it and I just paid the difference bc I the coupon was for a free slice of cheese pizza with a drink. She didn't have to accept my coupon but she did any way. While writing this my pizza came out and my order was called. I went up there and boy does it look good. I'm looking at it as I type. I'm taking my first bite!... I just ate half of it before continuing my review. It is delicious! I'm so lucky I found a pizza joint close to work and home. The prices are low especially for the quality. Definitely coming here again! Sorry  we didn't find it.  Just good pizza at a fair price.  I would bet the they make fresh dough daily!"  but most of it seemed like canned ingredients. It would be a definite buy if the pricing was more competitive. I might not try it again  a little crunch in the crust and the sauce and cheese cooked and melded together. The salad was pretty pedestrian. I'd like to try a few more items and would be willing to upgrade to a 5-star review after a larger sample" Delicious pizza and wings. Fed 4 hungry boys and all were happy. Owner from Brooklyn was fun to talk to and very accommodating.  and this place did . I tried a lot of pizzerias in Arizona but nothing can compare to this place I really like coming here.and I think this is the only pizzeria that carry Sicilian slice" As good as advertised.  Stopped in for lunch and I really enjoyed it.  Staff was friendly and service was fast.  Got 2 slices and drink. Good pizza and a fun atmosphere. Eh. It's mediocre. Too greasy . But the wings were excellent.  Maybe I'll try it again.  haven't been here in years being that we moved over an hour away. Nothing has changed still great!!!"  there is ZERO NY style pizza/subs there.  Very good food!  F the Mets and Giants though  the Pizza was greasy; the white pizza with tomato and spinach was flavorless with sparse toppings. The wings were mediocre. Big slices  called back n there was a polite female who took our order n was told 20 min. Arrives n 14 n waited an additional  30 min. The cook appeared to be in a bad mood. Foods was good just don't believe the service worth it?" "This is the real deal. If you want real NY pizza Great tasting pizza! Excellent food. I highly recommend it. New York style pizza. The best pizza in this area by a long shot!  nothing crazy just needed a quick lunch and was happy to get too very hot slices. took my husband and son back on the weekend and saw some older women eating some pasta dishes there that looked really good I've sampled some good pizza on pizza tours in Chicago and used to live in New York and I would say this is not even close to good pizza."   leaving the other without and so expensive.  Not worth it." Server was really friendly and attentive."  quiet and comfortable pizza place that channels old New York with city decor. The seating consist of square tables and chairs-very simple and straight to the point. I must say that this location is hard to find because it is tucked away in the corner of the plaza. The menu had excellent choices for pasta  have a great appearance and the prices are right. Love the people working there."  I heart anything I can recycle!" Their passion bread (made from pizza crust) is super delicious but it really sucked that we couldn't dip in some marinara."  fun atmosphere and wonderful service. Each time we have eaten at this particular site we have had the same server. He is always calm   and i don't think i've had a bad pizza at this place. We get the lunch special sometimes or go there for a full pizza at dinner. I've never tried the sammiches or other pasta Great pizzas for very reasonable prices.  they didn't offer to make it right. Thank goodness we still have several days of our family reunion left!" "Very few places can provide a delicious gluten free pizza and this place is one of them! Not only was the pizza good I will certainly be back." The ONLY reason I didn't give 5 starts is because it is a little pricey.  But I will be back"  ricotta and bacon and I have to say it was AMAZING!! So much so that my wife had 3 pieces! The kids enjoyed the spaghetti and pizza slice from the kids menu as well. Will visit again when in town next year for sure!!"  I will just stick with my original statement that the pizza is great and deserves a four star review based only on the quality/taste of the pizza." Came in to make an order to go and didn't have to wait too long. The girl at the counter was very nice and took my order right away. She offered water while we waited. The restaurant is kept very clean and they have 3 TV's showing sports. Great service and great food! I've been to other ones and the food is decent I went in here and it took them 15 min to even say hello after I sat at a table. I left and don't want to ever come back.  tasty and not very expensive. It was ready in less than 20 minutes and easy to pay/pick up. The establishment was clean and friendly. We typically dine organic  as in me and my family"" don't feel we need to try Streets of New York" rGHktXbee4CErLsMrPqbrA I'm a huge fan of their pizza pasta and omg the bread so good! Definitely great place to get some dinner or lunch!! I wish they delivered though!!  he made sure I received a new meal immediately. The girls there are friendly but always seem more interested in talking amongst themselves."  so slices are hard to hold. My family had to eat slices with a fork and knife. Service was nice and it wasn't busy for a Friday night Poor service waitress didn't know what it was when I asked for the complimentary pizza bread bites. They call it passion bread now and she still never brought it out once she figured it out. She didn't say the plate was extremely got and I almost dropped it all over me when I picked it up to move it. She didn't even ask if we needed anything and we are right across from the counter. It was as if she hated waiting on people and was in a bad mood. They have a pretty little patio with lights and really friendly staff around . We ordered for our custom made pasta and it tasted good ! Prices are slightly on the higher side .  not just iceberg lettuce like some other places. I will return just for this. Kids liked what they got. I liked the veggie marinara spaghetti I got. Not so keen on the pizza though. Service was slow  with only one server... And he was trying his best doing rounds and being as attentive as possible. Food was mediocre at best. Seemed like run of the mill ingredients and bread. The pizza crust was was good and fluffy with a bit of bite Amazing dinner salad!!  I know that sounds strange but really their dinner salad has every veggie you can imagine in it...not just lettuce and tomatoes like most...great value and great portion size.  I'm super excited to try the broasted chicken breast...I've heard of the concept but this is the first time I'm actually seeing it on a menu...fun to find out they deliver to my house...yes I can get broasted chicken delivered to my house!!  Jason is a great server too...really took the time to explain the broasted chicken. "My personal favorite restaurant in the area. This place is more like a family then just customer service "good food and nice environment but some of the staff is very mean and boring and act like they can't stand their jobs. my family and I were served by this younger girl one night (I don't remember her name) and she did not smile once at us This place is questionable at best. My order took over an hour for not even a mile away. My food was barely over room temp at best. And the manager Tony and his staff had an attitude with the fact that they messed up. Even to the point of raising their voice... We just had a great meal here.  Excellent had friendly service and great food.  A good place to go. Streets of New York pizza is awful.  Pizza is undercooked.  They are more worried about marking Broasted chicken than a decent pizza. They over charge and their ingredients are sub par. Save your money and don't bother to get food there. Go somewhere else for pizza. "I just start ordering carry out from here and I'm impressed with the friendly staff and I LOVE their spinach salad After getting my order I walked nearby to my workplace. Everything was awesome. From walking into the place- ordering- receiving order-enjoying- smiley face. All good"  I ate it and quickly realized it was  not a gluten free pizza. Thanks streets of new York for ruining  the rest of my night because I couldn't be more than 5 feet from a freaking toilet."  don't bother with the Margherita. All it consists of is soggy tomatoes and cheese. Basically no basil to speak of and no ""splash of balsamic"". How can you charge these prices for such a pitiful product?! Boo."  half New Yorker and half veggie.  It was average at best. You could tell our server wanted to be anywhere but working here  and salads in town.Service is always personal and fast. Have yet to order something here I don't love." The artichoke dip was decent as was the toscana." "This Subway is the absolute worst! The staff of this place is so strange. They have the weirdest people working at this location. They are so creepy that I will never go back And its still just Subway." wTK5Msb02vcExIEidELltg We will be talking to corporate about this." garbage every single time! who seriously squishes their sandwich before eating it? this fast food chain employs too many people who don't care. Don't call yourself a sandwich artist if your going to make me a sandwich and not care. make it like its YOUR sandwich you are about to eat! "I walked in today to order my veggie sub and this young man Garth was behind the counter by himself for a small period of time.....pumping out subs for a long line of people.  He didn't skip a beat "The wife and I have been going to this Quiznos for a while and have seen it's ups and downs. We went this week and were pretty surprised that they seem to have their act (back) together. People working were pretty friendly Love this place and the new owners are great.  The previous owners were forced to close down and the new guys have been in there for about a year.  I go in about once a week and they are super friendy and very fast service.  Highly recommend this locaiton.  I love Quiznos!  The double toasted bread is amazing! It took me a while to find a Quiznos near me.. I drive at least 39 min to get here!!" The only reason this gets two stars is because of the two girls working the end of the sandwich bar today.. I ordered a Baha chic sandwich and that was fine then I ordered two flatbreads with balsamic vinaigrette and NO cheese I must have repeated it three times to the girl making sandwiches because she seemed tuned out making a cater order I get it your busy. Then they come out of the other side with cheese so I tell them that I didn't want cheese the girls at the end of the counter apologized and asked the order maker at the other end to remake them with no cheese then this is where things go bad.. The girl looks over at them and says just pick off the cheese now I'm not a genius but I know that you can't pick off melted cheese.. I'm assuming she was a manager of some sorts and she was wearing a sweater and the other two girls are wearing their uniforms so I asked the girl on the sweater to please remake them because the person I was getting it for has a cheese allergy so with an attitude and not even apologizing to me she goes back to remake them and tells the people that are waiting behind me that she can't make their sandwiches yet because I need new ones.. Rude rude rude I apologized and the two girls at the end of the counter were amazing they made my order right.. Needless to say the new sandwiches that I got didn't look so great there was hardly any sauce on them and she sped them through the oven so it wasn't really toasted.. To the two girls at the end of the counter hats off to you you guys did a great job but to the order taker that was there today at about 1030 I've never had someone be so rude about a mistake that you made not me.. I was polite about it but the attitude I received was horrible..  where it's getting more and more difficult to find a Quiznos. I try to pop in for a sandwich any time I see one these days. This location provided me with the perfectly toasted and delicious sandwich I've come to expect from Quiznos. Store is clean and staffed by friendly people who seemed enthusiastic about making my food. Wish there was one of these closer to home."  well taken care of! Only one person was working and you could tell she was a little overwhelmed by the line. She was making the food and ringing us up "Great ... Had to stop on my way to soccer game had worked really really late was very very hungry didn't know what to order and it was in a rush the girl said "" try our new lobster"" / very good thank you !!!!" I get the meatball sub and their Mac and cheese. Bomb.com. Also the staff here is lovely :) Thanks guys!  pepper and condiment station was already closed at 7:45 when they close at nine. And the cashier lady forced me into buying a large drink. Sandwich was absolutely terrible. No meat on it. Also why do you guys bake the bread at like 13 inches only to cut off an inch and throw it out. Why not bake the bread smaller or just give me the extra inch of bread for free ? Lol cheap people. Not to mention 20 dollars for two sandwiches is INSANE. Go to jersey mikes. Same price. Maybe even a little cheap. Muuuuuch better quality and more meat and over just a better place and food. Quiznos you lost my respect today. I wanted the free pickles with my sub Narda was super sweet. She's a hard worker & very hospitable. & The sandwiches are delicious! Very disappointed ordered 2 sandwiches and two soups.  One of the sandwiches was smashed (we had delivery) and the forgot the chili.  Waited almost 40 minutes for the order and paid $4.00 for delivery and smashed and forgotten??  You would think they would at least offer to credit the meal and/or offer a replacement meal for another night - nothing!!!!  Threw the sandwich away and had a bowl of cereal!  So disappointed! But all in all it just didn't do it for me. I think a contributing factor is that I have a couple of lady friends who worked there that all resoundingly agreed that the management were skeezy douchebags. I guess it just made it hard to respect after that. Besides The only thing I ever get here is the Cheese steak with mushrooms and peppers.  It is the best in town.  The ambience is 70's basement but that's OK...  Parking can be a challenge at lunch Not a bad place ... just ""there""." A great casual place to chow and watch a game." They don't let me drive anymore but once in a while I want to jump in a cab and order one for old time's sake with with an extra side of the hoagie dressing. And eat it over the course of six days. It's that good. And that big. The hoagies are cold. The grinders are hot. The ingredients are slightly different for each but good god is this place good. The fountain drinks taste like they are mixed with really gross water but I gladly put up with it because the sandwiches are soooooo good. I've never really ordered anything else and can't speak to the rest of their menu but if you want a really really really good sub try Uncle Sam's." Q5inB7Fliwx9KnYHaIc5nw Uncle Sam's we like your food but we're getting a little tired of making excuses for your shortcomings."  they always have sporting events on TV which is pretty cool. It's kind of a small dining area  sweet/hot peppers and ex cheese please) watching some sports at uncle sams. I really think this place maintains an elite status as my best hoagie ever. Statement. Do yourself a favor  really easy to please."  pizza. Good place to drink that is not a bar." Come. Enjoy. Watch Football. Play the Vintage Pacmen Game. Just don't let your cousins torture you for five years.. just call them a hooker from the get go. Trust me  if you want the best of the best "O So good!! I usually get the Philly Cheese Steak w/ mushrooms and extra cheese. It is excellent. The atmosphere is Americanized which I love since everything around Central Phoenix caters to the Hispanics first then Americans.  Like I said the food is great "Great selection of all American food. Grinders  but I'm partial to the 32nd and Shea store for some reason.  It just has that slightly dingy feel that makes the steaks taste that much better.  The waitresses in knee socks and cheer skirts don't suck either.  Only thing missing is a full bar." I can't wait to get back to Uncle Sams!" The only reason I gave it a four star and not a five is the salads are overpriced." I have been going here for at least 25 years!  This place is great!  The service is awesome and the food ALWAYS tastes great.  We have also been to the other locations and experience the same great service and food.  The original location has barely changed at all since I started going there.  Some people might think that is a negative but it brings me back to times past!    Its a must go!!! lf42gtgq_2_jPvjfp_K1nQ  all under $4 each! This may be the most awesome place in town for a weekend late night snack." If you're hungry there are many other places to eat that won't leave you as disappointed as this place." The food is inexpensive and is always hot and delicious.  The service is superbly provided by cute chicas in short mini skirts Staff was very friendly & very efficient. They move you in & out quickly.  It is a bit pricery than I expected BTW-- I think they have some good beer specials also.... BUT go for the pizza and enjoy.."  my favorite choice there is the calzone (which has cheese and spinach inside).  I like that I can get a mini calzone and take half of it home and eat it for lunch the next day.  Tip:  go early for best seating.  Large parties are difficult I will be back to Uncle Sams for another cheese steak and maybe give the pizza a try."  I still love their pizza and now love their amazing beer specials. As the financially responsible parent in the family "Some of the best (and most filling) cheesesteaks in Phoenix/Scottsdale. Reasonably priced Just be forewarned this place tends to get swarmed by high schoolers during the week."  not greasy. the service was fast and pleasant. i can't believe the quality of the food for the prices. food is fast and fresh! i can't wait to go back! its always busy around sporting time....so plan accordingly."  the outer crust is crunchy but not burned and the interior is filled with warm fillings of your choice ( I like spinich and pepperoni) and really good tomato sauce. The pizza Great pizza and wings!  Fast service with reasonable prices. Love the hot honey BBQ wings and the white pizza!can't beat the happy hour beer prices $1 pints domestic!!!love it  this place is for you! We keep going back!" This place would get a 5th star if it werent for how quiet this place can be which puts out a very uncomfortable vibe. I have been booted from this place twice during happy hour for being too loud and or cursing. They have a jukebox but nobody uses it and they usually dont play the audio from the TV's. When theres no music/tv audio on the place is a ghost town because everybody dining doesnt want to talk too loud to disrupt the silence."  the ranch was runny and it didn't even have any croutons on it. The prices were kind of high and the place was extremely dirty. Will never go back again."  but I remember the honey BBQ chicken wings and the garlic bread with such fondness.  They were sooooooooooo good Nobody can beat Uncle Sam's when it comes to bang for your buck. This is even more true during happy hour where the prices are insane and that runs from 5-7 & 7-9. Can get very crowded and is a bit old but it never bothered me and I think it adds character. Food is hot and the drinks are cold. "Never had a problem until tonight. Waited 40+ minutes for our waitess to take our food order. After years of patronage "Food is good but the service is brutal. Although I must say last time I was in it was good. But I've been coming here for years and the service for the most part is bad. The wings are really good Why not 5 stars?  Beer choice is limited if you like microbrews/ales  but they'd get one he'll of a night crowd if they kept it open til 12 or 1 at least." The food and great happy hour are sincerely the only things that keep us coming back again and again...although I wish it was an overall satisfaction." (A little trivia... this was originally a ""Pizza Inn"" restaurant that was built in the mid to early 70's around Phoenix.  There was one in my neighborhood at 7th Street and Thunderbird.  Good times eating there back in grade school!)"  eat a cheesesteak and some fried mushrooms your stomach will thank you. This place rules!" Good affordable American Food :)"  great specials.  In the top 3 as far as my vote for wings in the valley." The only down fall is that they don't play any music or TV audio so if you're in there when its not very busy you can hear every conversation in the place. A little awkward." Great steak sandwiches!   Consistently good food and large portions!  Been going here for YEARS!  Only problem is they serve Pepsi products :(  blah bar. Wish I liked it more The only reason that I don't give the Shea Uncle Sam's a 5 star rating is they only serve Pepsi products and I am a big Very friendly service!  You can't go wrong!" "Been coming here for 30 years and will continue to do so. For some reason that even the managers can not really explain  and hot peppers. Get the WHOLE. It is about 16"" of steak and cheese. If it wasn't so expensive I would rate it higher. If you like to pig out this is a great place to do it."  clean  & GREAT Philly cheese steak!" To6VfMpjPuiixoT4uq_mIg  bumping into each other. The pizza is very pricey if you order takeout. We were moving recently and wanted to order 3 pizzas for friends who were helping us and the bill was over $75. Granted  as a vegetarian that doesn't care much for pizza the choice was EXTREMELY limited.  I had a dinner salad and a cheese hoagie.  Would much rather eat somewhere else." "We frequent this place about 3-4 times a year.  I usually get either the cheese steak with peppers and mushrooms or one of the hoagies.  Had the cheese steak yesterday and it was pretty decent...could have used a bit more cheese though.  Lots of meat and veggies.  The roll was really good.  Overall "This place is good when I need a quick fix for Pizza  and don't give the customers what they want!! We should get the food cooked how we want it at the prices their selling it at! They need to have a serious management reconfiguration. This used to be my favorite place now it's at an all time low! These guys need to be on the Restaurant Stakeout so the owner can see how his business is being ran!" Ps. I left my sunglasses there a few weeks ago on a Saturday. They used my credit card receipt to get my name and labeled them with my name. I called the next day  Uncle Sam's is the epitome of ""out of the way"". But it's location belies its great food. For $15  a cockroach runs across our table. It had been in my husbands napkins. We showed the mgr. he said that they had been having problems but had sprayed. Don't think that I will go back. The pizza is good but apparently the old building has issues." Never the-less if  are looking for poor service and a lack of management; uncle sam's on 32'nd and Shea is the place to go." I wish this place was in L.A.  Every trip to Phoenix I come here.  The happy hour beer prices are mind boggling... $6 for a pitcher of Blue Moon?  Count me in!  Wings are A+ and pizza is B+ and prices are dirt cheap!  Oh and everyone is super friendly and the service is very good. Looooove this place.  This is the sort of down home awesomeness that I don't think even exists in Los Angeles. "They have a killer happy hour.  We usually get take out but dining in is good too.  I recommend the 4th of July pizza.  Good hot wings Can get a little noisy when really busy. Several TVs on the wall to watch sports. Try to get there early for lunch or at off peak hours and request to sit up front in a booth." I always get the regular cheese steak sandwich They usually have a good weekly special for $8 or so On another note the sandwiches are quite good although I can easily make a better Philly Cheesesteak at home. The pizza and wings are merely average. If you want far better wings go "I love Uncle Sams. It is right next to my boyfriends house so we go there all the time. They have the best wings and their pizza is great too! We also like to get their fried zucchini and mushrooms. Mmmm so tasty! Oh yeah and their beer is really cheap. If they didn't have all of those tv's with sports on my boyfriend might pay a little more attention to me. And I wish they served liquor. But oh well  or zuccini. But the fries satisfy me the most. Uncle Sams has the best cheese steak ive had lf42gtgq_2_jPvjfp_K1nQ  so next time I have to check it I guess!" 1st day for Cardinal football.  Thought this would be perfect. They raised beer prices by a quarter big deal. But the bad part is no sound for the cardinals game and they kept the juke box going.  We complained about it and they said to bad but the Dallas game that night we could listen to it.  Last year the girls could wear jerseys during football but not this year.  Thanks but no thanks Just had a cheese steak sandwich here and realize that they had NFL happy hour made me very happy and the cheese steak was awesome definitely a comeback to great wings and great atmospehere...recommend this place.  highly recommend the Philly cheese steak with extra cheese. Only problem is some days it's stacked "Tonight we are having 2 of Uncle Sam's best - the cheesesteak with mushrooms and extra cheese. The second sandwich is the All-American Grinder (lose the green  peppers and add a large amount of of jalapenos.)  all of this to go so we come watch a recordeding of the Tuesday night NCIS Los Angeles. Just could not get any better.  Hey we like eating at Uncle Sam just as much as the next person    a good thin crust za.  The wings are what we came here for me and my bud like to try wings at new places. Saw the reviews were in the area. So let's go.  The waitress was sweet and provided great service. She did bamboozle us a lil hence only 4 stars hehe.  We asked how the wings were.  She replied they are awesome.  So we ordered 25 hot.  She pauses then tells us that their hot is sometimes compared to other's suicide.  I love a good hot wing but not lookin for heartburn. Tellin us she loves hot stuff and can barely easy like 3 before it becomes too much.  So we order medium.  They were really good and she did bring us sides of the hot sauce to dip and try. It does have a bite.  I am lookin forward to my next visit and gettin the hot."  but their cheesesteaks are to die for. Only location we'll go to. Service is always great and they always seat us where we request. Awesome!" Long story short. If you have a party and want cheap cheapness... well then you've found... omg... an other cockroach just walked up on the bar! Are you absolutely kidding me!? Im seriously about to freak out and walk out. I don't care if I haven't paid. This is embarrassing!!! DO. NOT.  EAT. HERE!!!" the one thing i have to remember is i need to order a HALF since the whole is WAY too much food for me now :)"  5 minutes into eating their suicide wings (which are by far the hottest hot wings I have ever tasted) my husband is really in need of that water. Finally I see her come around but with no water  and the staff was nice. They have big booths which makes it comfortable to eat. Good happy hour prices too. I'll definitely be back."  this place is dirty (and by dirty that's a compliment) and dingy and is nothing impressive to look at. No Love the wings. Hot and crunchy.   both of our steaks were cold by the time they arrived and the chicken was raw.  We told the waitress and she said...oh I'm sorry but that was it.  I don't think the kitchen staff cares what they turn out because they are chasing the girls.  It's gone down hill lately and it's sad because I live in the neighborhood.  I won't go back." To then owner.  Take care of your legal issues and focus on the basics of SAMs." "If you're looking for a top of the line joint with amazing chef's quality food keep looking... but if you're looking for laid back easy going place with mediocre food and halfway decent looking broads with a few hard city miles to serve it too you then this is the spot. Now listen these ladies have no business as real servers and would never make it at a corporately onwed company restaurant but at a place like this where service is 2nd and food quality is 3rd they do ok. If you go to this location sit in Jackie's section. She is fairly dickable and comes off like you might have a shot. IDK if you really would but she lets you think you would probably for tips sake. I ate there yesterday 7/22 around lunch time. I had the 10"" pizza with onions ham bell peppers and sausage.  My lady friend had the 7"" pepperoni.  Both were pretty ""meh"". Next time I'll try the wings. I hear they are better..."  perfectly crispy with the right amount of sauce and they had a great flavor.  The pizza was delicious as well.  We polished off the whole thing and I'm justifying it by telling myself it was small so it's okay.  My only tiny little pet peeve (and this is going to make me sound like a diva...) is that the water tasted like unfiltered tap water.  I hate to bring that up but Arizona water does have it's own special ""flavor"" and it just wasn't great.  With the exception of that though I loved everything about this place and I will certainly be back soon."  sometimes its the worst.  Never usually anything in between.  I always order the same thing  no flavor .. Tasted like can and jar ingredients and was cold on the inside .. Asked her to re-heat it and still came back cold.. So we just had it boxed and I will put in the oven when we get home ! Staff seemed friendly   just good food in a casual setting." The service was good. Ill give them that. Their cheese steak sandwich was terrible. Meat and cheese and bread and a hint of sauce. Ive had a better chese steak sandwich arbys. The bread was great. The meat was over cooked and seemed like it was sitting under a heat lamp for hours. Barely any cheese and almost no sauce. Try somewhere else for a chese steak. Paid $8 for 9 inches of bleh.  fast and the waitresses looked like they could work anywhere. Not so much anymore." Been eating here since I was a kid apprx. 30 years. Undercooked wings have me being no further than 15 ft from a bathroom. Never again. My guess is that some better kitchen management is needed "Been going here for over 25 years.  Great pizza I will be back for more noms in the future." "After 25 years of delicious food and great service times have definitely changed.  The service is now awful.  Rude waitresses that make you wait forever.  Not to mention The food has severely gone downhill.  They even gave me a credit because my food was so burned Wonderful food at reasonable prices. Great service. Everything from the wings to pizza and even the sandwiches. "I have been eating at this Uncle Sam's for 20+ years. Today's lunch service was worst ever. I don't think the server had a chance with what the cooks weren't doing. Waitress was slow to get to our table and the drinks got there slowly. We waited for 25 minutes for food that was cold and over cooked. The onion rings were burned "Gave it another shot.  Ordered pick up.  Got home. They forgot my wings.  It's my fault  as defined in the rules by R9-2-102. The purpose of the 20 foot rule is to prevent smoke from entering into areas where smoking is prohibited." Sorry Uncle Sams your time has come and gone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" "Great food! But I would love to enjoy that food without the waitress in the corner doing nothing but ""trying to pickup a rich guy to support her daughter"" that's all I'm listening to right now. Its like a live soap opera "Both locations are a hit or miss but mostly a hit. When it is a hit  she had to inform us that she was a vegan and didn't touch meat...ever it was steaming and looked like a Uncle Sam's cheesesteak.  One bite told me otherwise.  The sandwich had absolutely no flavor  service was awful. Typicall teenager not interested in working. We asked for a manager and she came over and we told her about the food and she did take off the cheese steak but not the wings because I ate the 5 that were ok. I told her to look around this place Saturday at 7 o'clock and there are 15 people in here "Remember coming to this establishment when I was young. Pizza and wings are still as delicious as I can remember. We recently visited this location and the service was great. Nice waitresses and the ""Meat Lovers"" pizza is a must try if you love beef pepperoni ham & bacon! I might be leaving out other meats idk lol ! Great place to go as a family. Small place but the customer satisfaction is there!" I thought I'd try a stromboli which is rare to find here in AZ as an ex-east coaster.  I walked in and placed an order to go which is also probably a bad idea due to the fact that the person taking my order didn't listen.  An additional mistake is not checking my order and catching it before I left but I ended up with a calzone which has ricotta cheese which I hate.  I had two bites and threw it away.  The crust is tasteless and somehow the steak tasted so bland outside of that fresh roll.  May not be back for awhile." I have been here a few times in the past month.. horrible service..horrible food.....dirty place.. had hair in my mozzarella sticks...half the time my grinder is half hot half cold... quality of the wings are garbage.. place really went down hill when all the illegals left and they brought in dirty ass cooks.. "Worst food I've ever had. 32nd Shea has some wonderful restaurants. Do yourself a favor and stay away. Used to be good  I grew up in north Phoenix and went to uncle SAMs  as often as possible .. Even after all these years the food was great and service as well  "I have been a regular of this place since they opened. When they were at Shea and the 101 I was always there. Since that location closed I now have returned to this location. If you are looking for fancy then skip this place. It is very casual  I was born and raised in the area and have been eating here since I started eating solid food. It's not the greatest food but the wings are pretty good. When you order togo it's hit or miss. Sometimes your food is perfect best sandwiches in town. The service was friendly . The fries are amazing too.  I will definatly be back here !! Had honey hot bbq wings to start they where good . Italian grinder for the old lady and I had the pastrami and cheese . Both where delicious . Our waitress was on point . We will be back I was greeted by the hostess with a mouthful of food.  She couldn't even speak to me for about 30 seconds until she finished chewing and swallowed.  The other employees were literally playing with the garnish/condiments behind the counter.  Overpriced and below average food.  just seems like he's always in a pissy mood and always mean mugging people. maybe I'm too observant but I think when you go to a place to eat I go here kind of often and some of the girls there have horrible attitude and aren't very nice however there are a couple that are nice. They have messed up my order more times than I can count but when they don't mess up my order the food is very good "So after staying away for nearly a year due to the sad gradual decline of the place we decided to give it another shot.  I guess as a kid who grew up with their delicious pizza and cheesesteaks I just couldn't abandon them and stay away forever!  Have to say Of my life in the land of cheese steaks this place is very good.  Not philly just saying but every time I come to Phoenix I come here.  Good very good food."  this is my favorite local family restaurant.  Tonight I'm dining in with my family of 5.   Ordered the usual zucchini and mushroom basket and ask for a few extra ranch... I'm told they charge for any extra containers.  The containers are 3 oz.   are you telling me that's enough for my 5 family members to share?  The 80 they want to charge for each extra isn't the point Really like that mushroom cheese steak sandwich. generally liked the Stromboli" I would give it five stars except for the fact that when I asked if they had bleu cheese salad dressing they said no and the reason was because the owner hates bleu cheese. Order the white pizza. Thin crust with broccoli.   which ended up being the wrong choice. This visit was the worst dining5 experience ever at Uncle Sams.  Only 2 other tables when we came in.  Ordered our drinks than our meals. Drinks arrived first and I cruised through my first pint of beer.  I asked our server to change the TV closest to our table to the Diamondback game. We heard her go5 relay the message to someone.  Our food was delivered and was never asked if I wanted another beer or anything else to drink.  The TV still game bbeen get teen changed.  We see our server standing by the bar texting the entire time we are eating.  Never offered a refill on the water my girlfriend was drinking or another beer. At this point I saw two roaches while I was there are you kidding me"  it was dry and cold. Almost choked on every bite! I was too hungry and it was to late to go anywhere else or I would of... French fries came out cold and undercooked && DONT order the iced tea... I think it was brewed 3 months ago... Very sad because it's one of the few restaurants in my area that are open late." I visit this Subway several times a week. Staff are very friendly. Good customer service. Ingredients seem pretty consistently fresh. It's a standard Subway but differentiated by friendly staff and good service. Major customer service fail." Best customer service here. The others are probably just blind. Cashiers are great here and very fast! "Worst Subway I have seen....staff does not wear hair nets....tried to get lunch today but its kinda hard to eat food when they are out of soup  I imagine the double chicken is the $7.25 price what are the $6.00 and $5.00 salads? The guy's response was it goes by the sandwiches and those change ever day. I responded it then goes by the different meat put in the salad....which is what....he still could not tell me....his only response was....you basically have to wait till you order then see what the register rings up.  That still doesn't make sense to me...what if I have limited money...I want to order within my budget of a $5.00 salad but they can't tell me what that consists of....is it Ham? Meatballs? Tuna?  Veggies? Am I just not getting it or is it how the menu reads?"  but they made good recommendations when I wasn't sure what kind of sauce to get with my sandwich. Also Give this place a 1 star.....not because of the staff.  When they first came to this location it was nice....the bathroom worked.....it seems every day the women's  bathroom is out now.....one day both were out. I hope the worker's wash their hands because today I went in the men's bathroom to wash my hands before I ate and no soap. It's $7.48 for a meal.....outrageously over priced. If you get the meal of the day it's better. I usually bring my lunch but on Fridays I like the Tuna....didn't realize today is Thursday.  The one girl who has been there forever is always hustling get around busy while others just seem to stand around....age needs a raise.  the staff is fairly friendly" "I takes about 3 minutes for me to walk to this subway from my apartment....and it is always worth it. The guys that make sandwiches there are the best in the business and they are always so friendly and polite. If you go late enough they will even give you freebies...because they are only going to throw them out anyway....so they just give them away. We all love something free...and if you don't then shame on you....LOL!!! Seriously though this guys rock and I will past many subways just to give these guys my money because they show you love for real. So if your ever in my hood over here near paradise valley and Cactus Rd....need a sandwich...and if you late enough coming from the club or a party and want some freebies as well....visit this locale you won't be sorry. Eat "I love this location and I am glad it is close to my home. The service is always great and the food fresh and tasty This place is great.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The sandwiches always fresh and tasty. I eat lunch here almost every day!!!The staff is extremely friendly and the food is great.  I've been here twice and both times the bread was soft and fresh which most of the time when you go to subway it's stale or just not good at all. I'm glad this location is near my job :)" This Subway is not up to par with the other Subway stores I have been to."  testing the safety of their meats... reassuring. About to walk into The Oink Cafe next door? Perhaps pass on the bacon and opt for a healthier choice at Subway." Karry and Ingrid are wonderful sandwich artists! They always make delicious sandwiches and they are always so sweet and friendly.  was an entirely different story. Looks like they've hired some new employees and Luc is anything BUT a sandwich artist! From the way he destroyed the bread to the way he placed the mayo/mustard on top of one another -- DOWN THE CENTER OF THE BREAD 1OO3fy6z5lxlRuHnnhPStg _GVAV2LjUWEs9fGjslex_A  best sandwich in town. sausages fresh made on premisis Kielbasa is excellent Warning: You will go for lunch and want to buy about 10 lbs. of deli meat!" 1OO3fy6z5lxlRuHnnhPStg  you cant go wrong with what you order. Their deli meat prices are slightly cheaper than your average Boars Head meats you find at the store and are one hundred times better. So grab some cash "Can't get more authentic than this. Polish family runs the place and makes all their own meats and sausage. They carry many crackers The Best cold cuts (deli meats) in Phoenix I don't know of a better place to get an awesome deli sandwich.  Delicious european meats and very large sandwiches.  decided to let Yelp help me and low and behold this is what I found. This is the real deal "Every review I have read is right on!  I had no idea what I was getting into when I stepped foot into this little family owned deli.  Old school - quality meats  long sausages then you'll love this place! And you can smell this place from the outside. The smell of smoked Kielbasa lures you in. The store is non stop for the holidays but bring cash or check as no debit or credit are accepted. At Best of Europe you hear Eastern Europeans speaking in their native tongue  this place is absolutely wonderful! They have delicious food on top of ""market"" type items that are found in traditional Eastern European cooking that you can buy. I love coming here because it reminds of my heritage and has awesome food! The place is pretty tiny but the food will keep you coming back again and again! Too bad it's really far away from my home or I would be here on a weekly basis!"  they have a Yelp! sticker on the door..." Wow! Best Sandwich this the valley - Try the #12 you will not regreat- they even ship this sandwiches to NYC If you miss the authenticity of deli's from the place your grew up or have a bit of envy from those travel shows watching the hosts gorge themselves on great deli meats from famous places I have yet to have one of their sandwiches as I try to avoid bread but every time I am there and someone else orders one You can not get a better sandwich in the valley than the #12. It is the best anywhere plus everything else there is terrific. Best meats you ever wanted.  the girl behind the counter recommended before I even said anything. It was awesome! Two whole sandwiches. Perfect amounts of meat and cheese.  Can't wait to go back when I have people over for a BBQ so I can get some of their franks. Great service as well. Will be back numerous times." I also learned polish food is more subtle and rich but quite nice! Highly recommended~" Looking forward to another visit!" Place can get pretty busy and it is fun to hear people speaking Polish when ordering their goodies and then watching them dance with excitement as they get back in their cars. CASH Only. NE Corner in Food City parking lot. Definitely one of my favorite sausage places in town." This is truly the best place in ARIZONA to buy a sandwich.  the only reason I tried this place was b/c of the perfect yelp score. I was slightly leary b/c there was only 24 reviews(I'm #25 woo hoo! lol). But I figured getting mostly 5 stars & no less than a 4 star was given out of those 24  I love it so much it was what I wanted for my birthday lunch this year.  My family comes from Eastern Europe and I have been fortunate enough to visit a few times and the meats Been here once. Got the Italian special & the European sub. Both were really good! I tried both & couldn't decode which one I liked better lol. The sandwiches are actually 2 sandwiches when you order the full sandwich so you get huge portions! Not bad at all for $7 & change. Lots of other European goodies that I had never seen. Sweets too. I tried the kinder country chocolate bar. The girl at the counter said it was Germany's most popular candy. I can tell why! Yummy!!! I am sure their business isn't driven by the sandwiches though."  clean and really enjoyed my lunch. More than enough food next time I will order the half sandwich."  so they're awesome. Buy teaworst." "I stop in this gem occasionally for a sandwich. Its one of the few places where you can get a great lunch at a great price. The sandwiches are actually two sandwiches and are delicious. One of these days I'll order some meats to take home. There's not much seating so don't expect a full service diner. Owners are very nice and friendly. Beware though  so keep that in mind.  The sourdough bread is amazing.  The cold cuts are very high quality and delicious.  I purchased a few Polish sausages to go and made them at home later.  Wow.  Impressed." This place reminds me of walking into a deli somewhere in Eastern Europe - it's that authentic. The proprietors speak Polish and they have many authentic products from the Eastern Bloc. The sandwiches taste so fresh and are made from high quality ingredients and are HUGE! I've been coming here for a decade and it's as good as the day I first started coming here About to have a sandwich from here but so far a really good experience. I ordered #3 and my sister ordered #12 with no mustard. Can't wait to see what they taste like. Everything so far is good though but I'll probably update once I eat the sandwich. My brother and I ate here. He got the number 3 and I got the number 12. Both were great. And we each took home a quarter of our sandwiches because they were very big. "Looks and feels like a good old mom and pop shop. Got a pastrami sandwich and was pretty damn good. I really wish I hadn't seen the girl making my sandwich put the fresh deli meat into a microwave  and did not mold (I've been other places where it molds very quickly).  This sausage is a hit.  It's a great snack Authentic and fresh. It's always great to see your meat sliced in front of you. Hot pastrami on rye took me right back to my childhood in Manhattan. My only complaint is that I wish they served fountain drinks.  Otherwise this is a wonderfully homey and unique experience." The best home made sausage in town. Great Kielbasa and other cold-cuts and sausages. Tip the girl people don't be rude" "My DH loves this place. Smoked Meats are really good and authentic. Friendly staff and lots of interesting jars from Europe- beets I can't even think of another sandwich shop that is close to as good. High quality meats and breads and the place always smells so good. The sandwich prices are great value for money. Wow cute little place. First time today. It's a mom and daughter who own this place. The meat is made there fresh. It smells amazing the minute you walk in and the sandwiches taste amazing. Really glad I got to try. Definitely recommend. "I want to merry the girl who made my sandwich! Best sandwich Iv had in a very long time  helpful smiling faces in there every time I go in. The line can get long sometimes but that is only because the owners take as much time as needed with each customer to make sure they have exactly what they need."  try it if you ever get a chance. What do you have to loss. I want to go there route now just thinking about it." "Great sandwiches at a great price. A whole sandwich is actually 2 sandwiches for about $7.50. The meat was awesome Definitely worth stopping in."  this place wasn't as good as everyone was hyping it. The first thing I noticed was that it was really warm inside when I walked in. It wasn't horrible but I won't be back." Amazing sandwich but if you like smaller portions just get a half. Great meat and service Amazing yummy sandwiches... In my opinion best in town! Tiny little deli with huge delicious smells and tastes! Awesome customer service! Bring cash! They don't accept debit or credit! I just finished a sandwich and am already craving another one!!! They also make very good sandwiches." Not that day.  I cant say how gruff and nasty they were.  All I can say is good luck with the business.  Lets say 2 sandwiches an assortment of cut meats and some cheese....an easy $50.00 sale that they could of had if a little niceness was extended."  and the ladies that run the counter are professional & friendly. I'm a big fan of the smoked bacon and head cheese.  It is definitely european if you know what that is.  Someone who calls these nice ladies snotty must really have issues. That's just my opinion.  Maybe you came on an off day.  What's wrong with paying cash?  Just come prepared.  I do."  if I am in the area I will be back to eat here and remember to specifically say ""HALF!"""  this is not a fancy place.  It is a place for people that appreciate Eastern European food.  The Spicy Capicola (sp?) sandwich is awesome.  Yes they take 3 forms of payment This is a legitimate Polish meat counter that will also make you a sandwich.  There are four chairs and no soda machine.  The folks behind the counter are friendly and the Italian sandwich was enough for two.  It was literally two sandwiches.  Each more delicious than the other.  Come get your coldcuts on!" This is supporting the area economy in a good way.  Good for your belly and good for business."  It's amazing! Food is fantastic and the  person behind the counter is awesome!! So friendly. Overall great place.!" https://youtu.be/pcMs3wRpgRs"  and genial staff.  It's well worth juggling your schedule a bit to get here while it's open." "Best pastrami sandwich i have had in years. And the worst part is i cant seem to read a sign to save my life. So when i hand her a credit card and she smiles and says we dont take cards i am sorry. What she says next will blow your mind..."" Dont worry about it  immediately got upset. Place is so small and has no selection. They didn't even have bread for sale! I will admit the kielbasa was decent  so I imagine the best selection is first thing in the morning... It may have been my first visit to Breadcrafters but it will not be my last.  See you there!" "One of the best Sour Cream Blueberry Muffins around. Unassuming little place across from the mall with really good sandwiches and breakfast items. Not for the high maint. types Maybe it was just my experience but I don't think I'll go back." The inside of Breadcrafters is really cute and they have a large variety of desserts and assorted fresh breads to buy.  I need to remember this next time I need desserts and fresh bread "Tasty food at a decent price. Nice local alternative to paradise bakery. Today they had reggae music playing on Muzak.  Not enough seating  but it makes sense because they have tons and tons of fresh breads to sell and they need the room. i order the 1/2 sandwich and salad special on mondays - turkey parm pesto with a small chef salad. i eat the sandwich on monday and the salad tuesday or wednesday - both is way too much for lunch for me. the turkey is never too salty and the veggies are always perfectly ripe and fresh. you'd have to pay me not to go back."  but our conclusion was that something like Subway would have been faster Overall seemed kinda pricey at $18 considering what we ordered and the competition. And unless the weather is nice enough to sit outside there is only seating for 8 or so. Nothing really unique about this place and can neither endorse nor oppose going to this place.  Give me a few days and i will probably forget about this place."  it was more than big enough to satisfy and they let me know I could get free refills.  No TV's It shows me that they do not care about their customers!!" One side note they had a nice selection of pre-made  food  like fresh cut up fruit  This is my favorite place for sandwiches and salads.  The staff here are the friendliest I have encountered since I moved to AZ (the staff must all be from somewhere else!).  The bakery items are also very good. Haven't had a bad meal here yet. The salads are large. Large enough to share or have half and save half for later or lunch the next day. My favorite is the Thai chicken. My husband and son are addicted to the focaccia deluxe sandwich. They love the Parmesan pesto spread that have on it. I bring home a tub of the spread (sold sep) and a bag of the toasted bread for dipping when I have company. The baked goods are also excellent. All fresh and baked on premises. My favorite is the butterscotch ranger cookie. Darn. Shouldn't have told you. Now they will be out when I go! Can't wait to try the breakfast menu.  The website iscurrently under construction." "I am always in the mood for a good Deli Sandwich and I was randomly driving by Breadcrafter's while looking for a place to have a late lunch. In an environment surrounded by large chain restaurants with your standard unhealthy boring food Breadcrafters was a real discovery. It has a prime location and everything is made fresh in house. Not only do they have great lunches but they have amazing breakfasts and you can buy their bake goods for your own personal use as well. It was a little on the pricey side While there is still no concrete reason why a sandwich made by someone else's hand is better  and the croissant sandwich was pretty good Well this place was no Paradise Bakery but I like the opportunity to support small local business."  everyone is always SUPER friendly. It's one of those ""cheers-esque"" places where everybody knows your name :) I will be a life-long customer They have limited seating and don't use A/C. But that BS doesn't bother me. Whenever i am near the PV mall area "The food at this place is top notch!  ""Nancy's favorite sandwich"" is also Suzanne's :).  I think the drinks are a little overpriced and the service at times isn't the fastest...but if your looking for a great baked goods with quality ingredients stop at this place." So my girl friend works close by and we thought we would try this place for some dessert! I hope the Food is better than the dessert. I can not say I was real impressed but it could have been what I ordered. The bread looks great and the few sandwiches I saw looked good. The thing that bothered me most about this place is that the staff did not seem very friendly. Seems like a nice bakery and a good location but I the staff could make this place a lot better and more inviting! We had a sample of the Swiss Cheese and Pepper bread (only on Saturdays) and it was very good... lots of pepper.  Would make a great grilled cheese The cookies are also very good and fresh.  There is an awesome chocolate one where they put in crasins which is a welcome touch and adds a sweet-tartness to the cookie.  I highly recommend it." This place is amazing! A new favorite for me. The fall salad is to die for! Love the bakery selection and cozy atmosphere. I highly recommend it!  you wouldn't know what good bread is if i hit you with a day old baguette. Their bread is crispy slightly burnt on the outside and soft on the inside. Perfect artistry here." I love this place! I have been going there for about a year now and the food is just so delish! My favorite is their stuffed avocado chicken salad.  but starting to wonder if it is worth it to go out of my way for a sandwich and mediocre service."  especially if you like fresh baked breads.  It looks like everything is created and baked in-house and they do a fantastic job at it.  It's well worth the wait  but customer service was just ok.  Great pastries and part of the Belly loyalty program.  Super dog friendly as well with the outdoor seating."  but it was layed on super thick so I couldn't really enjoy the sandwich.  I got a scone to go (ended up not being very scone-like) and also a sliced loaf of the raisin walnut pecan bread.  I like the bread a lot.  Even though I didn't love my meal  fresh everything.I cannot eat a sandwich anywhere else without a little disappointment because they just don't compare." A real bakery (items not frozen or pre-packaged). Real small place. Unique breakfast and lunch offerings. "Went here for lunch and had the SW chicken sandwich. It was ok. I wish I had gone with something else because other plates I saw looked really good.  The cookies looked pretty good so I had to partake. I had a chocolate chip cookie called sweet dream. The cookie was amazing!  I would give this place 5 stars for the cookie. It was soft  it was really good. I had a half build your own sandwich and a cup of soup and the BF had a build your own sandwich. They forgot to put some of the items we asked for on both sandwiches....they forgot the BF's cheese and they forgot a couple of my veggies. Additionally "The food was great. I was impressed with everything I tried. In fact I think their food is way too good to be served in/on styrofoam. Their dinning area it's very small "This is our new favorite place!!! We went for a breakfast date and it was just amazing. The girls working there are so sweet and help so much. Every time we go the service is amazing. I was waiting for my husband there one morning and was sitting and the lady came over and was so sweet to ask me if she could get me anything while I waiting. Their breakfast is fantastic  croissant was delicious. I went after 1pm and many things had already sold out." They have by the far the best bread I have ever tasted!!! Love it!! After reading all the good reviews I decided to finally give this place a try. Came in on a Friday during lunch hour... Big mistake. I waited about 15 minutes for one sandwich. There was no where really to wait for your food the inside is very small. I got a #6 it was ok I've had better. Oh and they forgot my pickle.... "First time here.  It's too bad the food is pretty good because the service is horrible. It wasn't busy and the cashier girl gave us such an attitude as we were trying to decide which bread we wanted (it only took us 2 seconds max).  Food took awhile which is fine because you can't rush good food  delicious food. But bad service - the woman behind the counter has such attitude. Strange for a small bakery; you would think they would be so nice and friendly but nope.  All that being said  despite being right across from a large mall. Service was friendly and I was served promptly.  I ordered soup and a sandwich j5HLcBru7FEirYJPbKFVWA EAT HERE you will not regret it!!!"  I got to choose from many different dressing options. I went with the champagne vinaigrette and I asked for a side of balsamic as well just in case since I am trying something new. One nice thing is that they have tons of little samples up front of their holiday foods and also chocolate bread to try. They also have styrofoam cups with plenty of cold water and lemon wedges. One down side is the lemon wedges are cut so small that I couldn't squeeze it in my water. Next time I am in the area I may try some of the desserts!" Great food. Small dining area.  I would definitely go back and try more of their sandwiches and desserts."  Breadcrafters is the best of class for sandwich places in Scottsdale-PV." "The sandwiches are always delicious here! The breakfast...not so much. I went in this morning at 830 and 70% of their baked goods were gone....not to mention the lady working the counter was a grouch. She also made my coffee completely wrong. So...if you make your way to Breadcrafters An small interesting place to try. I liked the French toast. We did not like the chia tea.  with only 6 seats inside and very very crammed in...The homemade cookies are not super sweet and very good.  Had a legend trail and double chocolate chunk.  They have breakfast as well as lunch.  Their bread is homemade with out all the preservatives and contain the simple ingredients - flour  but they will still make it for you if you request it (yeah!).  I recently switched from the blueberry muffin to the blueberry scone (to save calories and sugar "Stop for breakfast this morning  the portions were good the quality was not there. The food was delivered cold and on the tray to us and not place in front us on the table. The girl was not focus on customer service. In today market were you can pick from many places for food  i look. for quality  but they weren't really scones. Scones are a little on the hard side hence the need for cream and strawberries. These were more like big flat muffin tops. Big fat cranberry muffin tops." "I love this neighborhood gem!  They have fantastic salads and sandwiches.  Their bread is the best!  They are a little on the pricy side The pastry selection is worth going for especially the fruit tarts and the legend cookie. Pies are fresh and delicious. Great for take out. Eating there only in good weather to eat outside. Not much room inside. Really worth supporting Monica and Angie." Stop in for a bite for lunch Stopped in for an iced tea and ended up buying a chocolate croissant and a loaf of bread! The croissant was delicious. The tea was fresh and not bitter. Their menu looked great. I'll definitely be back for food sometime soon.  sandwiches are oh-so good!) their service is not so much. The lady who owns the place ALWAYS seems so in a rush to help someone else (even though none is behind me) or get back in the kitchen and just isn't very nice. I don't think the food is THAT worth it to be treated poorly." "I went in here for the first time after reading reviews on Yelp and I'm glad I did! I got the turkey cranberry sandwich which tasted better than I expected Everything happens for a reason! Friend of mine made a spontaneous choice of trying a new place for lunch. Couldn't be happier with the delicious outcome.  Quality of dining was well spent! Absolutely loved the black cherry Italian soda; delightful indulgence!  Returning soon to grab another lemon pepper chicken salad  ~blown away with the exceptional customer service provided from the moment we stepped foot in the door.  music set the tone for a great time to enjoy with my friend. Chose the sonora chicken salad  so if you do not have time to enjoy.... then call in your order for pick up or call in for catering and they will cater to you!   If you do not have time during week days then come out on the weekends I really would struggle to find anything less than amazing at this joint. Thumbs way up here."  unorganized and just plain not good at his job. He seemed too overwhelmed for the small lunch rush that was there. We ordered the cranberry turkey sandwich and the Yucatan salad. He brought out the sandwich and never gave us the salad. So we waited....and my friend finally just gave me the other half of his sandwich and after 20 minutes Of course I am a big fan of the dog friendly patio with views of the mountains as well." Love this cafe! Such yummy breakfast foods and I always indulge in their yummy dessert items! It is super clothes to the mall and easy access! I also have ha lunch here a couple times with my boyfriend and it was so yummy and portions are a great size! Overall a very delicious bakery!! I happened upon this place one day when I wanted a sandwich but knew I was out of bread at home.  I was waited on by the owner who was very friendly.  I ordered the ABLT which is a BLT with avocado.  It was possibly the best BLT I've ever had and had a ton of bacon.  I also got a mini pumpkin pie and it was to die for.  I then decided Breadcrafters would be doing the food for my Thanksgiving this year.  Their Turkey Day menu looks awesome.  Will edit this post after that.  I've been back with my kids.  The younger ones love the grilled cheese and sugar cookies.  They also have delicious looking salads and soups that I can't wait to try. "I was just in there today. And my friend and i saw that they had nothing in their cases (no food). We waited about 20 minutes to just order. We ended up leaving because the service was incredibly slow. Looks like they have a good menu It has a lot of the elements that you look for in a great neighborhood bakery.  What keeps it from joining the Varsity lunch list? The space is awkwardly cramped.  The lackluster soups detract from otherwise solid sandwiches.  dog friendly patio which is a plus! I ordered the #9 focaccia deluxe with the pesto soup. Everything was delicious I just had their southwest chicken sandwich with the stuffed avocado chicken salad! I also ordered their Valentine's Day cherry pie!!! Omg!!! Delicious all around!!!" If your in the area give Breadcrafters a try.  Expect great sandwiches Consistently amazing breakfast burritos. Recommend the Sante Fe burrito.. Also ordered their bread pudding for christmas last year.. Was a major hit. "Don't be alarmed by the menu as it can be intimidating but their food is delicious! It was my first time visiting and wanted to try everything on the menu. A frequent customer suggested the Ham djavu Sandwich and its exactly what I had. It was scrumptious! I did not wait long for the food to come out Don't pass up trying this place."  fresh ingredients & fairly quick for how busy it was! Well worth waiting in line for"  but to have the conversation while I'm trying to order makes things awkward. My food was ready about 10 mins later and I was just glad to get out of there. We got a club and a southwest chicken sandwich. The club literally had one slice of turkey  but they have an outside patio.  The food is well worth the trip  crusty and didn't  over power the sandwich.  The bacon potato salad was wonderful with perfectly cooked potatoes and not too much mayo.  It was flavorful and just the right size portions.  Desserts looked amazing but we were out of room by the time we were done with lunch.  Definitely will stop by again!"  but I guess we came on the wrong day.... The kid (one of the two young guys that was working at the time) that took our order kept getting SO confused and kept asking us repeatedly what we were getting or trying to talk to us about a different sandwich when we had already told him what we wanted. So ordering was like pulling teeth. The same kid went to the back to make our sandwiches and we went to sit outside because the guy said he would bring them to us "I've drive by a few times and tried it for the first time - HOLY AMAZING BATMAN!!!! I got the #9 chicken salad sandwich and it was AMAZING! So refreshing and it had grapes!! The tea is so fresh! The bread  I had a half an egg salad sandwich and a bowl of the creamy chicken with rice soup. Their egg salad didn't have celery  breakfast breads and pastries and had only a few loaves of regular bread and dessert pastries left.  Very disappointing as you would think they would anticipate a busy Sunday brunch crowd.  Bought a baguette and headed out...and it was just meh...won't be heading back" Lunch menu looks very promising with lots of interesting combinations."  I noticed immediately how cute and quaint it was which made me even more excited to try their food! I went up to the counter to put in my order and the lady completely ignored me and went to the next customer. I kinda just brushed it off and let it go. We ended up waiting 15 minutes for our order to be taken which was a long time considering it wasn't busy. Finally I was in the area and wanted something non-chain and not a sit down restaurant. Bread crafters is tiny (doesn't even have a public restroom) but very cutely decorated. The guy behind the counter was very helpful on my first visit and even had a chance to sample the soup of the day. The lunch special was good and I liked the soup bowls. I didn't try a pastry but noticed lots of goodies. I'm glad I stopped here! Nice to have a local business that offers a wide variety of deli items  but this weekend was too much.  I went yesterday to pick up a couple coffees and scones and we waited at the counter for 5 minutes before anyone came to the front.  People in the back making food could see us and even made eye contact.  I can't figure out why nobody was up front or was told we were waiting. When someone finally came up we told them we were about to leave and they didn't seem to care.  I decided to try again today... Same thing.  Exact same experience except this time I walked out after 4 minutes And went in to get a loaf of raisin walnut bread that was on display on the shelf. I waited 15 minutes to get to the front of the line to be told that loaf is not for sale really fucking annoyedand I'm never going back here "100+ 4 star reviews?  We must have had a REALLY off day.  Double meat please:  well we certainly didn't get more meat and what we got looked like it had been through a Star Trek transporter malfunction.  The bread was actually good.  The three slices of cheese that we got were good.  However  don't expect to get what you actually ordered."  visiting phoenix for the day.  I loved the green chili turkey sandwich.  The five girls I was with all enjoyed their meals  however some of the people that run the place seem a little grumpy. Makes you wonder if that $11.00 salad was really worth it" Overall I'd say it was good but I wasn't blown away. I'd like to go back and try a different sandwich and side to see how it compares."  and BAKED GOODS are food comas waiting to happen. Even their music selection is eclectic. Family run  so I went with what looked someone familiar to me.  They had an arugula salad that was pretty similar to the Cowboy Ciao Stetson salad.  Perhaps that just wasn't the best choice.  The stetson salad is my favorite salad Finally tried the breakfast here and it was amazing. Great house made chorizo in their burrito and the sandwiches are served on the house made breads. Always friendly folks working behind the counter. They will never have what you want so why waste your time going here.  They ALWAYS run out of main ingredients. I have gone 3 times with high hopes that management could figure out how to order but 3 out of 3 they proved their incompetence to manage... it's too bad considering their food looks and smells delecious... "I used to eat here all the time a few years ago because my mom used to work at the daycare next to the restaurant. For some reason I stopped coming but I recently came back and had the creamy wild rice and chicken soup along with a raspberry lemon bar and IT WAS DELICIOUS!!! Especially the lemon bar  and it always has been. I love getting a plain turkey sandwich and it is always amazing! They have many types of sandwiches from a breakfast egg sandwich to a turkey sandwich. I recommend this place."  you'll like it. I love the chicken salad on raisin walnut bread. I almost always order that with a side of delicious potato salad. I can't ever resist the pumpkin golden raisin cookie. Lovelovelove!"  will always love this place."  we loved our breakfast sandwiches.  We couldn't wait to go back. Just went today. Not super busy when we got there. It's a beautiful Sunday morning. Walk in. They are out of breakfast menus and the kid behind the counter said he doesn't know the menu and can't help until the owner gets back from printing the menu. They are also out of coffee but he assured us he's making some. He over charges us for our meal and then helps the other customers before refunding us.  Now the coffee is ready and  it comes out a light shade of pale. Send that back. Waiting entirely too long now for our food and was told everything is made to order. Well it's bacon and eggs so I would hope so.  Asked for a refund. Owner passive aggressively tells us to have a blessed and wonderful day and we left.  Great concept. Bread is amazing but they really need to get their act together   Won't be back on a Sunday again that's for sure."  finally  told her politely how rude she was to her parents. We walked out. They lost a regular customer two new customers plus a sale which was including several desert items for a party. Drove down the block to Whole Foods and had a great meal "What a cute little place!  My sandwich was good and some of the pastries in the display case looked mouth-watering.  They even had a high chair tucked away for my son to sit in.  The inside is quite small The muffin was HUGE and so light and fluffy. Will definitely be back again to try some other things. The lunch menu looked really good:)" Our favorite go to lunch spot every time we come to town. I LOVE their salads. I recommend the Brie and turkey croissant !! The bread was freshly made and I can't wait to go back.." Will return for fresh baked bread chicken sandwich with fresh roasted chilies. French toast is perfect.  but I settled on the Turkey and Pepper-jack sandwich.  It was truly amazing!  My friends and family are very fortunate because my next event will be catered by them!  Fresh food  but customer service is horrible. I tried to order a salad today at around 5:15pm. Once they sell out of its gone for the day. The guy taking my order was extremely rude and nasty telling me I should have ordered it earlier then to get it. That is just uncalled for to have such an attitude. Customer service could be so much better." Been Going to bread crafters for awhile now and love the food but lately it's been terrible and the owner isn't the friendliest. I'll go back cause I hope things change and I love the raisin bread and chicken salad. If your looking for great service and good food this isn't the place and you can't count on amazing food and not good service. "Love this locally owned bakery! The owners are great especially Angela---always making me laugh! She'd tell you 'it's no fakery like the ones down the street!' Or 'Let's get rid of those green straws.' I love supporting local. The quality of the food is impeccable! I love the breakfasts--try the Benedict's best. You can have it as a sandwich or plated with bread on the side. For lunch I love the chicken salad plate or the park avenue sandwich. My fav salad is the BBQ chicken. Dressings are homemade and you can tell! And let's talk about their soup! The chicken tortilla is my fave on Wednesdays and Thursday's! Coffee is great! Ice tea is awesome! Angela calls the beverage side of the business 'BevCrafters.' Cute place Excellent sandwiches always made with fresh bread and great service from the staff. Went to Breadcrafters with my sister and we both got sandwiches and a fruit tart to share. We both enjoyed our food a lot but it was the bread that made the food. I loved the fruit tart. I wish I could have tried all of their sweet treats. But good place to eat but my only complaint was that it was so small. Like only 7 tables... Oh well amazing food! "Place is nice and people are very friendly. That being said I have ordered breakfast from them to pickup three times now and have yet to get what I have asked for. They seem to always add extra things that I didn't ask for even being very specific. The burritos are decent  but i have to. service was slower than slow. my bagel + cream cheese was super skimpy on the cream cheese. turkey chili was lukewarm and not as good as it should have been. the staff seemed gloomy and sad. it just wasn't a good experience. it really is too bad  I guess I could eat outside but I want the choice.  When we ate here the server got our order wrong twice once on the the receipt then when it was made; how does that happen? Oh well  and the staff is very friendly.  I have never had a bad experience at this Einsteins.  BTW - Einsteins has the best bagels on the planet (and yes One star for the other employees who seem to hate their job and serve your bagel with a side of resentment. I asked for a schmear It will be a long time before I go into that place again." Einsteins has these GREAT Lo-Cal thin bagel breakfast  under 300 cal.  The one I tried had mushrooms asparagas with swiss cheese and egg white and a yummy sauce. Large  Iced non fat sugar free latte perfect way to start my day after a work out!! Very friendly employees!!  Very FAST service!! They also handed me a bunch of coupons to come back.  VERY Impressed. Total bill a little over $9.00 but now I have some 2 for 1 coupons!! get the spinach florentine bagel with jalopeno cream cheese! very yummy! This is a great neighborhood place where I like to pop in a grab a quick meal on the weekends.  I love that they send out coupons too ; )  I get a bagel and lox every time! The workers were extremely friendly and the bagels were amazing. All you can drink coffee?YES! I wish we had one of these in California and next time I go to Arizona I will make it a top priority to come back. Micheal Einstein's is in California under the name Noah's Bagels!  So you can have their bagels after all!!! IcuPhhH7QCOCT19EDEppEw I usually go to this location and the one at Tatum and Shea. This one is much better. They get the order correct mroe than the other store. Food is good. Enough variety to please everyone. They change up the menu seasonally and I like that. Overall a fine Einstein's. Updating my review.  This has become my go to Einstein's since it is walking distance from my home.  The staff is friendly and orders are good.  At times seems a little understaffed.  but then again I'm from the East Coast. Go to Dunkin Donuts they're better for a chain that makes bagels." "This place is very close to my Apt and I love Einstein Bros Bagels but this one leaves something to be desired. Don't get me wrong the staff really tries....and they are for the most part friendly....but they are unorganized....slow....and seem to be NEVER prepared for huge crowds. Most Einstein Bros Bagel shops I have been to are always busy especially during the morning hours....so there is no excuse for the workers at this locale to expect anything different. The place is also very cramped and that's too bad because the location is not the best to sit outside due to the lack of seating out there as well. Now in a pinch I will come to this location but I usually go to the one on Shea Blvd because it is much better. I really wanted to give this locale 2 stars...but again since the staff does really try and they at least show some effort....I decided to go with 3 stars. I highly recommend they hire more staff or at least get some more efficient people to work there. Eat I love einsteins bagels.  Great prices! "This is the second morning I have come to this particular location.  I have now been late to work for the past 2 days.  It was not due to the store being busy Bagels are good. Waited about 5 minutes before they started my cappuccino. 10 minutes after that when it was still an empty cup I told them nevermind and left. This location seems to do an ok job with 3 or fewer people in line. The one at Desert Ridge does better with rushes . This is consistently the most unorganized Einsteins we go to. We try to avoid this location but when we find ourselves here our hopes are that they've improved. Year after year we've found they they stay consistent: unorganized and confused.  I open my bagel and the cream cheese and butter I paid for aren't on here.... Who eats bagels just toasted?"  then started doing drink orders! Never even came back to the register or apologized for the wait. I could've ran out with my bagel without paying!  There are some serious communication issues at that store  go to the einsteins on 64th street and greenway." The bagels are good. The sandwiches leave something to be desired in the taste department and the coffee is over roasted. Everything is a bit over-priced for what you get. I have never had a problem with the customer service.  but about half of the time they get my order wrong!!!  It's annoying...they either give me the wrong bagel or don't give me double egg white (which they charge me for) or put cheese when I ask for no cheese....it's not rocket science people!  lol  So I stopped going here even though it's the closest to me" "First time at this location. I wish there were more people like Carlos working in customer service. I always ask questions right before I order something- bad habit. But Carlos didn't seem bothered by it at all "This place has really gone down.  Customer service and quality used to be top notch. No longer. Every unoccupied table in here has crumbs on it and needs to be wiped down. The floor could use a sweeping as well. And when I remarked that there was this huge fly soaring around  we barely even tasted cream cheese at all. I would like to thank Einstein's and their employee for providing me with the affirmation as to why I don't go there. The only reason I gave it one star is because I had a gift card. If you want a good bagel with good customer service  they may be a little busy at times but they always keep a smile on their faces and get the job done. Great mangement The place is pretty good when the manager is on duty. But when it's just a bunch of kids running around in circles the wheels fall off. I won't be back. This is out local Einsteins so we have been here many times before without problems. I see that many people complain about the service but I have never had any problems here. I may have to wait a bit when I come in at my usual time around 8 on a weekend but it's usually packed as well so that is to be expected." "Love the bagels and the spreads but it always seems to take longer than it should.  They should also set up so small orders can get through quicker "They are always out of bagels that I want. Just have poppy seed or plain. I thought they specialize in bagels. Who ever is ordering supplies "Worst place I have been too. They get our order wrong every Single time we go there. They always are out of the most popular bagels. I have complained to the management thru phone "Absolutely horrible customer service. I would NOT waste my time going to a business that does NOT know how to treat their customers. Plenty of other businesses surround here (Rainbow donuts Well the person taking my order was nice but waited 20 mins to get my one bagel and cream cheese not toasted.    Wow really can they work any slower   And it was only 9:00 am    Then all of the sudden employee started coming from The back to help the people waiting  I come at least 5 times a week and I get the same thing everytime so naturally the staff knows my order and I get in and out so fast I love it!! Not to mention how clean it is. I would recommend this location to anyone and I actually do Instead I see people who have ordered being pushed back and pushed back when it gets busy. To me this is unfair. If you get there and there's only one person in front of you and you order one thing it should take two minutes. Instead if they get a rush it could now takes 20 minutes because they will put your order on the back burner to accommodate the people walking in the front door." Love their bagels and their flavored coffee. So good however this location seems to be out of bagels every Friday morning. They cannot plan for the Friday morning office rush at all.  they fix this as Einsteins is one f my favorite places to go to when I can. PLEASE FIX YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE AT THIS LOCATION!" The WORST Einsteins location Ive been to. Terrible service and had to wait 20-30mins for my coffee (not joking) all (3) times Ive been here. It really wasn't even thatbusy.  This place is horrible! I will absolutely not be returning to this location! They were polite but I made a simple request for  fairly simple bagel sandwich I asked him not to cut the bagel and four pieces like they always do you know the top half the bottom half and then two other halved those two things and I asked for garlic cream cheese on it and I  received my sandwich cut up in pieces so I wasn't happy  perhaps they should do random drug test for marijuana use they did seem a little stoned 7:20 finally out the door! We were the only customers in at the time of ordering! Why is it such a struggle to get a friggin' bagel and coffee?????"  so why not use it for a bakers dozen? Another time there were hardly any bagels on a Friday morning. I asked why they were low on bagels and the girl said the morning cook didn't come in. Come on! Where are the adult employees at this place? I will stop at einsteins on greenway/64th street instead."  at a pretty good price.  Feels quite a bit like an old school neighborhood pizza parlor  and free breadsticks when you dine in. It can be a bit costly if you don't order from the list of specials. Keep an eye out for those and they often have coupons as well. If you call for delivery Poorly cooked pizza i will say that the people are somewhat nice when ordering but would not give this place another chance Cons: We do not go to the dinning room because of the small size.  Their subs on takeout do not rate very highly." They definitely do more take out business than sit down.  I would highly recommend Streets of NY for take out. Also "It got 4 stars but you have to know exactly what to get--and that is the #7 ""Best of Everything"" sandwich. Literally this is the only thing you should get here--everything else is pretty average Good pizza if you are a thin crust person like I am.  We did carry out. The staff was polite and the pizza was done when it was supposed to be. I'd go here often if I lived here. - just visiting! We absolutely love this Streets location.  Fantastic pizza and the antipasto salad is really incredible with all of the best ingredients. "This is the second time I've ordered from them. First time the pizza was awesome!!  This time it was very soggy!  Wigs on the other hand where delicious. I also go a slice of cheesecake to go. I paid $.85 for cherries. When I went to dive into my cheesecake the ""cherries"" that they gave me turned out to me ketchup. Gross. I called to tell them and their response was Do not order from this place the service sucks and the staff was clueless!" Disappointed.  I wanted bread w my pasta. Was told no. Even when menu says you get w dinner. I would have even paid. Server was just plain bad. Made me feel bad for wanting to look at menu. I almost got up to leave before I got food.  That bad.  Mariana was very bland. I can't get over how horrible this dish is. It's so bad I'm writing this review while eating it and the only reason I'm eating it is because I have a football game tonight and I need the carbs. I WILL NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN"  but we gave this delivery a shot. Complete disappointment and rip off!! We should have stuck to our typical routine. We ordered a medium pizza and wings and the price was ridiculous for the quality and the portions. We paid the same amount for the delivery that we would at Oreganos and that includes beers. The cheese was rubbery and to be honest it taste the same as any other pizza place throughout the valley. Do yourself a favor and consider something else. I'm assuming that it's called Streets of NY because it's prices are up to par with NYC's cost of living. Complete let down. They must still owe Gonzo for the awful radio commercial I heard the other day. I apologize for the rant We only go for pizza about twice a year and this is the only place we go.  We have always had great food and great service.  Most people seem to take drive thru pickup or delivery so the inside is usually quiet and clean with great service.  (We have never done delivery service from this location) Had a pretty good pizza from here Totally messed up my order did not care it was crazy how much they did not care was kind of like hey you drove here so might as well take what we got You won't go wrong here"  but the salad had bacon all over it so I couldn't even eat it. The description didn't say there was bacon and it looked good so I was disappointed. Everything seemed fresh "I ordered a gluten-free pizza and a slice of chocolate cake over the phone. The hostess said it would be about 30 mins before I got my order delivered to my front door. 18 mins later "I noticed the prices on the menu on this application is not posted accurately.  Large X-cheese pizza was $20 I will definitely be back the next time I'm in this area!" I was just so disappointed since I usually love streets of New York but this location I will never come to again.  The burnt hot wings were one thing but cold pizza and bad service when we were the only customer in the place is just a waste of money.  but I really do not recommend that style of crust unless you want a cracker crust."  but they ran out--to my amazing  luck!  I then opted for the Italian wedding instead!!  Amazing!!  The meatballs were just the right size & so full of flavor.  Even their fries were delicious!  So  but this restaurant is not kept cool enough for my taste. The ice in the ice teas was melted by the time it arrived at the table. SONY would have gotten more stars at a lower temperature." So this ham..... it is this perfect crunchy outer sugary glaze that just makes my mouth water thinking about it.  You need to go to Honeybaked Ham. Like FOR REAL."  the turkey is always moist and tasty and the kicker is the vinaigrette that goes on top of the spring mix lettuce on the sandwich. pesto + vinaigrette = heaven! minus one star because honeybaked ham lunch is a bit pricey at $6.82 (including tax) for just the sandwich. but speaking of cost  but it's a good place for lunch too--their sandwiches rock." All of this for less than 5 bucks....that's right less than 5 bucks....the sandwich is great...the establishment is clean....and the customer service is top notch. So if your ever in need of a great Turkey sandwich look no further than Honeybaked ham company. Eat If you are looking for a great place for lunch  offering artisan breads and fresh garnishes. Hearty soups and salads are also available; check out their Lenten specials this time of year."  and the food is DELICIOUS!!!! I would hate to see this location close. So many of my favorite places have closed in this tough economy. If you're looking for a new place to have a delicious sandwich....YOU MUST try Honey Baked Ham Co. Worth it!!!!" "3 words for you...Chipotle Chicken Sandwich....run....don't walk to any Honeybaked Ham shop and grab one. I sometimes have 3 in one week and they are 3.97 with a coupon for a limited time. I have to say though I would pay the regular price for them....because they are that good and the service is that good as well. Eat This place is REALLY good for soup/sandwiches and the people that work there are so friendly you'd think you were in the heartland!" The turkey was melt in your mouth delicious. There is no fancy restaurant or amazing presentations .... you come here simply for a great tasting sandwich : )" My advice.  Want a good ham and want to be really overcharged?  Go to AJ's.  At least you will get something to eat for your money."  you were great and this review doesn't reflect you. I only hope that in the future your management team gives you the support you deserve." "This was the first time I tried their sandwich.  I have to say it was pretty darn yummy The best spiral cut honeybaked ham ever made .   A definite must do :-) "Not impressed. Customer service we received wasn't up to par -- guy wasnt able to answer simple questions regarding products they sell. Spoke with store manager who took care of the situation really well As always the service we received was fantastic and the ham tastes delicious! I would like to come back here to try some of the sandwiches they have to offer Still thought you all might want to know about the WORST Christmas eve party we ever hosted and the people  on just principle I would say this place in not worthy of ones business My guess: to create a false impression of demand for a product that is only ho-hum (excepting the scary ingredients)."  you will be purchasing very delicious ham and turkey- and your guests will lift you up on their shoulders and cheer for you after they eat their meal." This place is awful. Very bad customer service as well as the employees don't seem to know what they have and don't have. They've messed up my order multiple times and the employees seem oblivious to what's going on. red onion served on ciabatta  bread. The sandwich was excellent as expected and very fresh. The service was good and the wait time was to be expected under 10 minutes. I will definitely add this to my favorite lunch spots!" 