The food and service were very good . The food is made from scratch on premises . The restaurant is owned and run by two brothers from the Green Tree area . I admire this and always try to give my business to local family run places like this . My only gripes are the limited selection at the bar and I feel the prices for food are very expensive for the portions you receive.  I ordered the chicken club and customized it with a side of coleslaw. My better half had the fish sandwich with a coleslaw as well. The food came like the wind Nice family run spot for lunch if you are in the area.  Good service at a decent price.  loved their onion rings. The English style scrod is very good also. The Big Lebowski was on when we came here and people were dressed up like the movie's characters. It looks like a ski lodge on the inside. Service was acceptable." Management - you really need to update the place." When trying to think of where to go for a steak dinner The Greentree Inn came to mind. I had never been here in all the years of living so very close. I was glad I chose this establishment. Food was excellent and I loved the feel of the place jrSGpWnVJy8jqgN6XSC7Nw I decided to stop in and get my meal to go as I was fresh off of a construction site and my attire did not match the surroundings or the current clientele. I ordered a shrimp scampi appetizer and a fettucini fro diavlo. When I got the food back to the hotel Been coming here for 30 years or so.  Always good food at a good price.  Great service.  Nice variety. covered patio. Excellent quick service. My husband I split the fried zucchini and white pizza with chicken. Loved it "We checked this place out because it was close to our hotel and it was one of the few non-chain restaurants we saw.  The service was very friendly. The food was just okay.  I ordered the fettuccini alfredo with lump crab and they said the sauce is freshly made in house Real nice place. People nice and food great. Nice homemade salad dressings. On business so was a good choice. Will come back  and it's not hard to imagine they were the neighborhood ""fancy"" dining establishment back then. Food was decent and the staff was friendly. I have no complaints and I would probably eat here again if I was in the area." But to be fair the other people I was eating with loved their food.  I heard the tempura vegetables were great.  Unfortunatley my experience was just mediocre. Thats the way it goes though  because the portions are pretty hardy. $5 chicken teriyaki with big portion of rice and salad with a dressing consisting of vinegar and sugar? its not bad at all  well priced and chicken tempura and chicken teriyaki are tastey. this is my go to spot when i want something cheap and ""asian"""  fresh teriyaki lunch box. Downtown Charlotte." "Headed over during lunch time for their lunch special. Easily the best price for the food you get. Looks like only one lady was working so it took a bit of time QMX1ssofSveU3qhVAKLnXA Excellent food and good portions for the price. QMX1ssofSveU3qhVAKLnXA All in all a decent lunch option in Uptown."  but pretty much every little food joint in Latta is limited to what they can actually offer.  It is what it is - if you want a decent value hibachi for less than $7 The staff was also fast and friendly.  I would take this over the superyuppified trendy salad place" Very good value for the food. They give you a lot of meat for what you paid for. The teriyaki is really Korean Bul-gol-gi the new fried pork over rice is great!!!  more Korean. $6.50-$8 for a meal in uptown  everyone...the steaks are ridiculously large.  They've got one of those wine lists that is made for every single person that can walk through that door...great whites and great reds...excellence whether you're staying under 20 bucks Capital grille is perfect for special occasions  this is a great restaurant.  Perfect for a first date or anniversary.  Very cozy atmosphere and a great staff."  but pretty much your run-of-the-mill regular steak. I enjoyed it but wasn't overly impressed. I don't have any complaints and would definitely return here. Although it's a steak house - Good for company team dinners."  I would recommend the Lobster Macaroni and Cheese and Au Gratin Potatoes.  We also got the seafood appetizer platter and it was decent  and for no other reason!  I guess it's the natural byproduct of an expense account banking town." "I really don't understand some of the negative reviews for this place.  It seems like they were looking for a different experience.  Make no mistake  it's awesome--but you'll be paying a pretty heavy price to get some."  and professional. I ordered the Cajun rubbed Delmonico steak and it was wonderful. Sauteed mushrooms as a side and a 2005 Cakebread Cabernet completed the meal. Since the place was unknown to us the unexpected pleasant surprise of the place added to the overall experience."  but the bisque was quite good and not too strong. My filet entrees were awesome. It's amazing that they can make Choice cuts taste like Prime." Sorry- just doesn't do it for me.  The steak is average and it's over run by BoA middle management. "As far as a steakhouse.. eh..had much better..but I do love the bar.. the apps.. this is one of the places that I hang out with my Nascar buddies.. the bartenders are always on top of things..fun and on the ball. A great wine selection.. Food: I always try the filet..and usually Im disappointed.. 3x to be exact.. they cant seem to cook it correctly! I love the spinach salad.. and again It is kinda interesting for some reason it is dark in there...guess they don't want you to see the prices!  You get what you pay for and here for us it was worth it."  but HOT as in spicy..  Lobster and Steak is where it's at and if you somehow escaped the recession blues throw in a bottle of Silver Oak Cab..."  tough parking. But just a tourist so not too concerned about that. I did hear from our server however they may be opening one in Costa Mesa CA?? Hope so. Enjoy  Stars for the Sandwich and service. Not crazy about the salad a little pricey for so so salad." The Capital Grille is fantastic!  A bit of a pretentious crowd in the bar area but that's what you would expect....  Filet cooked rare with lobster macaroni on the side is my ideal 'last meal' before I die.  Service is great except one time we got a young waiter here that thought that since we were a little young that we wanted to be spoken to with 'true dat..and word'.  Not sure if this moron still works there but overall service over the years has been good.  but the size of the meat and savory taste is well worth it. This place is great for special occasion and couples. A couple will easily spend $200."  I can't say they are on the same lever (other than price)." Capital Grille - always a good fine dining experience." Every time I leave Capital Grille I feel very full but very "Fine dining and elegant decor without the pretentious attitude.  Great happy hour bar with the famous ""Paul"" bartending since 2004'.  Ask for a Stoli Doli Pineapple Martini and you will not regret it.  The Porcini Delmonico Steak and Lobster Mac n Cheese rule!!"  juicy steak.  My sliced filet served on a bed of mushrooms and caramelized onions in a sumptuous jus was very tasty.  I'll be looking out for Restaurant Week deals like many others here." Had to run to make our reservation so it was just the one round.  Wasn't cheap for 3 cocktails and a beer it was $46 I believe.  But it was a nice atmoshpere and we saw they are running for prix fixe in October so we might stop in for dinner before Chelsea Handler at TW." The Delmonico steak is great as well as the filet. Depending on the size of the lobster tail that night I dont think for the price I would come back. Not worth it but I guess this place is perfect for those who wanna flaunt money"  considering she looked to be around the same age as me it seemed strange!"  their rich and delicious cheesecake with berries. It is always a lot of food but we love to splurge on special occasions. Birthdays are fun too because they will have your table decorated in fun confetti and always make you feel special. Fun night out!"  so what? It was SO WORTH IT!!!" Our server was very nice and helped when it came to picking out the wine and his suggestion was great we all enjoyed it!"  wait staff and the food was just plain amazing.  I devoured the huge portion of lobster and crab stuffed shrimp.  Our sides were mashed potatos and asparagus with hollandaise...both were great.  Our bill was $209 for 4 people...some may think its a little pricey but I think it was well worth it and would certainly do it all over again with no hesitation.  The one and only complaint I have is that the menus are HUGE....huge to the point that I nearly cleared all of the glasses off the table when attempting to order...BUT food that great deserves to be displayed on a small billboard!"  this is the place to choose when perusing the restaurant week menu. Or if you have a special occassion and feel like splurging  one of the chef's specials and my colleagues also ordered variations of steak.  This chain steakhouse really served up a perfectly cooked mignon and I would definitely come back here." With the gift card and the restaurant week pricing it made this meal with 4 glasses of wine and 2 cocktail about $43 pre tip.  Tip on the pre discounted amount and we still walked away paying $60 for a meal that could have been A LOT more expensive.  I almost felt like we were stealing since I know how pricey this place can be!" Service was great! Went there for weekday lunch.  Got the spinach bacon salad as my side and that could have been my whole meal.  Got the ribeye sandwich as my main course and that was scrumptious.  My BF got the swordfish and mashed potatoes.  I don't like fish but he said it was yummy.  The mashed potatoes were some of the best I've ever had.  My sandwich was even good leftover.  Will most certainly frequent this spot! This is a classic steak house.  Good service and great food. Go ahead- spend the extra money.  It's worth it. Top Notch steaks and service.  My recommendation (if you're really hungry) order the Porterhouse...medium rare.  And please pay the few extra dollars for the Porcini Rub - you'll thank me...   Table 23 is one of the best for privacy if you have 3 to 4 joining you..  I came for steak and I did not get good steak here. I will not be back. Should have ate at Ruth Chris instead.. and its just 4 blocks the other way.."  might I suggest Ruth's Chris (right down the street) or Del Friscos (South Park) as better alternatives to this place?  Del Frisco's is my personal choice  flavourful food and white glove service as a chain restaurant. We're requesting Alissa next time we visit :-)"  a great dinner - I almost had to roll myself out of there.  Would I eat here on a typical night out for dinner?  No.  The price is prohibitive.  But for a nice business dinner and or personal event.  It is top notch.  I wouldn't even consider going to Ruth Chris in comparison!" The lobster mac and classic wedge salad are both  must haves but you can't go wrong with anything on their menu."  you don't like any place.  If you don't have 300 bucks to spend DO NOT GO.  Food-EXCELLENT.  Service- EXCELLENT drinks-EXCELLENT.  Eating there is like being on a cruise.  It is by far the best resturant in Charlotte MENU & PRICING: High end aged steak and fresh quality seafood. Expense it on your company card or stock up on top ramen next week." It was great night and even though the steak was not a favorite CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ Thank you Capital Grille!" I have been here for a private party as well and the service on each visit has been very good."  but they were nothing special.  They were not particularly tender or seasoned with anything I could taste.  The sides were fantastic.  I don't know if we just went on an off night The filet oscar and lobster mac 'n cheese are simply put ""my last meal on earth"".  Through in a nice red glass of vino to wash it down and that equals instant smile for this guy!" Great service and wines. Best calamari in town  dine at the Capital Grille on your next trip to Charlotte."  where the steaks are phenomenal. The service was great and the lobster bisque and tails are a must try. I now know never to order steak from here only their lobsters."  always consistent. Great food and service. You can people watch at the bar" I will try again when I can afford another $30 lunch." Back to Ruth's Chris for next years thank you lunch..." "I had a $40 filet mignon at Ruth Chris a few days before eating here.  For the same price  it was awesome. Definitely a fan of that cheesecake and the atmosphere "You will be tempted to go with the kona crusted sirloin because it sounds so good (and it is) "I first found the Capital Grill when we visit Charlotte.  We now have one in Seattle.  I have frequented many 'steak' houses "The Capital Grille Philadelphia was my 1st visit to this franchise. I had a great experience there This meal was probably the best all-around I've had in Charlotte "Steak! Steak! Steak!  This is the place that I brought my fiance to propose to her.  Everything was set up perfectly.  The entire staff was in on it.  They set me up a special table in the corner "It's been many years since we've been to The Capital Grille.  My employer used to treat us during the holidays after we worked 12-15 hour days nights decorating the lobby for Christmas.  It was my first time trying calamari and the Stoli Doli - both sublime.  As was everything else I consumed.  I've been wanting to return since then  was friendly and attentive and very knowledgeable. I would highly recommend the Capital Grille for anyone looking for a nice steak or seafood dinner." The food was fabulous. The wine list was even more impressive! I can't wait to go back. I didn't get to enjoy dessert. Next time!!" CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ Went last Thursday for restaurant week.  Claim chowder...perfect.   Creme brle...perfect.   Sirloin special....grissely and disappointing.   My guest got the same and got the same grissely disappointment.    Atmosphere was nice and service was excellent. I would go back here just for the service alone. It's really nice to be treated like they really care about your visit. It might be a while before I head back though but cheers Capital Grille!"  a new entree of seared scallops with sweet and sour tomatoes is available. I love how the scallops are served with a grilled lemon wedge for a citrus taste that goes perfectly with the beautifully presented and cooked shellfish - delicious. The other new additions to the menu include a carrot ginger soup (hot) which I also really liked (the tasty classic New England clam chowder is still available as well) and a tomato and watermelon salad with feta cheese - a refreshing option for a side dish. The Wagyu beef burger with fried egg and crispy onions is back on the menu following multiple requests after it was featured last summer and then removed. My mom ordered this and LOVED it - and she is not usually a fan of burgers at all. The truffle fries go great with the burger  we really had a fantastic evening. I suspect that we'll be back the next time we have an excuse to splurge."  they are now my first choice for a venue to celebrate and to show off everything Charlotte has to offer." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ But overall this place is ok . I don't want to go back again ."  I won't be coming back.  There are too many other great places to spend my well-earned money on." ""Meh. I've experienced better"" sums it up ............ 2 stars" The service at this location was extra good being that there was a hint of southern hospitality added to an already great service experience. The bartender was quick "Really fantastic steaks and a lively upscale crowd make this downtown old school style steakhouse a winner. It's a meat lover's paradise and often has a bustling bar with upscale business people drinking $14 martinis and lots of talkative business crowds in the dining room. The decor is intentionally stuffy (old men oil paintings)  the meal for our group was excellent. The price for this meal was over our normal expectations "I had lunch at Capital Grill and was pleasantly surprised by the menu options that included fish and other non-meat items. The service was impeccable from the moment we stepped into the restaraunt. I was surprised that it wasn't more crowded but there was an ice storm brewing outside  and I think it'll be a great place for any special occasion. Hmmm... my birthday IS right around the corner... :)"  I don't want any sauce near it.  My wife's filet actually had some sauce on top of it.  Personally  I've come to set my expectations pretty high.  I have been disappointed before and I have been pleased.  Last Friday night was the latter.  We had 7 people in our little group and the staff and the service were exceptional and the food and wine was great.  Many thanks CG !!  We will be back."  but I think I actually got one Capital Grille wouldn't have been proud they served.  Too bad we were in a bit of hurry and I didn't send it back.  The leftover bit I took home was almost all sub-standard.  The service was excellent  capital grille is the only steakhouse that actually serves you a large enough portion that you feel satisfied. it was definitely worth the price tag. not something i'd do every month but certainly for special occasions." Our drinks were never tended too and the front server never bothered to follow up on the salad. I hope everyone inside had a better experience." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ Yes please restaurant week for giving me the reason to put on my fancy shoes and valet my late model ride at Capital grille uptown. We had a large group so we grabbed a drink at the bar while we waited on our party to arrive. We ended up enjoying dinner in their private dining room- hello fabulous service and an exclusive feel. This may have not been the best steak I ever had but some of my friends were kind enough to share and their entrees were stand outs. Salads and soups were just so-so but they do their meat right. Dessert was also amazing. Several months later I still remember the service and experience here. Highly recommend if you are rolling in the dough or looking for a special evening. I havent been here in about 8 years due to a bad meal I had long ago that I couldnt shake.  So I decided while I was Uptown having lunch to give it another go...it has been afterall about 8 years.  I have to say I was extremely impressed!  Everything was exceptional and well made.   Our waitress Alex was so sweet and knew the menu well and recommended the lobster bisque which wasnt on the menu.  It was perfection!  HUGE lumps of lobster meat swimming in a rich creamy broth.  OMG..it was so good.  Plus the truffle fries are the best Ive had in Charlotte so far!  The manger Bryce was so nice and accomodating.  He went out of his way to make the experience great.  Will not hesitate to return!  nothing beats Ruth's Chris). What sets them apart from many others is their calamari (has a Thai red pepper-type sauce on it). It's mouth-watering and amazing. You must get it when you go here. I suggest reservations - it's definitely one of the more popular upscale restaurants. They offer a great brunch too." "We had a group of neighbors visit during restaurant week.  The steaks and veggies were just ""flat"" outstanding.   To us "Reviews set my expectations high.   All of them were accurate except price.   For what you get I was amazed how low the price was.  There are many other restaurants in Charlotte whose prices are comparable  and he plated the food close but not just right so you had to re-arrange the positioning of every dish before eating it.  The atmosphere is beautiful.  I would return for a business lunch but don't waste your time or money on dinner or taking someone you want to impress." And the Flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake! Oh the cake... If people could live without sex by eating this cake   and Sam's Mashed Potatoes. And I think the Chocolate Hazelnut Cake is a perfect way to end a perfect meal."  wrote exactly what was in each box and sealed them to prevent  spills.   They were packed into large bags!    The servers in subtle ways  I highly reccomend the bread with the carmelized onions on top. We both ordered the current special of Waygu burger and glass of wine for $25 (we chose the Silver Oak Cab) served with parm. truffle fries. Burger was juicy and very flavorful.. served on a perfectly toasted bun with an overeasy egg and soft butter lettuce. We got a side of their dijion mustard and it was a perfect compliment to the burger. No need for ketchup for the burger or fries for sure. Dessert was a flourless espresso chocolate cake (friend loved it Many thinks to all of the staff... especially Alisa... at Capital Grille for another great night. I'll be back as soon as my wallet forgives me." Will I visit C.G. again?  Absolutely."  all the adults had different steaks on the menu. Mine was the Steak au Poivre with a creamy French sounding sauce. It was beautifully tender at medium rare and spiced just right. Everyone raved about their steaks. The kids had their Chicken tenders (?) which was not on the regular menu but the waitress arranged it. The ambience was classy but not stuffy. We were not loud but pretty chatty and never felt rushed or uncomfortable. The vibe was bustling but relaxed for the guests. Only one person had dessert  as well as their bar for signature cocktails and appetizers. This past week a friend and I decided to stop in for a drink at the bar. While enjoying our cocktails  for sure. Expensive but worth it for special occasions and company functions. Steaks are amazing. Lobster Mac 'n Cheese is the best I've ever had in any restaurant. Bread was fresh and delicious. Au gratin potatoes and all the veg dishes are full of flavor. Staff are ready to meet your needs. It is not a five because we were disappointed in the seafood lobster." This is heaven for steak lovers like me! High quality and moody...I enjoyed my time very well. I've eaten there twice while traveling on business.  Both meals were outstanding.  The service was perfect and so was the food.  Everything about how this place is run is top-notch.  I highly recommend it. Took my husband here for his bday sometime in the beginning of November. I told then ahead of time that it was his birthday and the did really special things. It was expensive but he was happy the food was great and free v parking. Not bad at all would do it again. He says this place has the best steak. We even got a picture to take home. Loved it again.  This is our second time eating here and it has been fabulous both times.  Really enjoyed it.  Service was awesome!  we shared the tenderloin and poched lobster and with an appitizer and desert in was more than enough. I can't wait to go back. A definite choice!" I dine here pretty regularly and it's always been amazing. My favorite thing on the menu is the lobster crab cakes. They're an appetizer but I love them so much I often order them as an entree. All the steaks are wonderful. Never had a bad meal here!  and creamed corn.  Marc made a great wine selection.  The whole experience was five star and I recommend any of the dishes we ordered!  This location offers outdoor tables on the very active Tryon Street...great for people-watching on warmer nights."  the experience is always perfection. Our server brought us over a little amuse bouche' as well - the squash soup - so yummy - it tastes like the season."  so long as you have to cash. The food is all excellent and I would love to go back and try some other stuff out. The ambiance Definitely the best place to get a steak. Sides are family style and very delicious.  They also serve my favorite bottle of wine here (Burly's Cabernet) so to be able to enjoy this wine with a delicious filet is one great evening out!!!  and my daughter had just the caprese salad.   The tuna steak and sole were just perfect.   Mozzarella in the caprese is made fresh on premises.   Tomatoes were a little under-ripe End every meal here with a shot of Sambucca. Trust me on that one."  didn't really appease the hype that I have heard from it. The lobster tail was  very tasty. Although the restaurant wasVery Pricey "Wen't to Capital Grille for my birthday dinner. I hadn't been here since I was in High School. From what I remembered it was really good. Of course everything is a la carte. I ended up only having Lobster Mac and Cheese. (I'd already had a recovery meal after party #1) It was okay. Could have used a boost in flavor somewhere. Maybe some salt. My biggest concern was my drink. Is that bad? I'm concerned with my drink. Anyway Came here before an opera of which the waiter was aware. We were courteously rushed but this was okay because we needed to leave at a certain time. Service was quick except when I received the check. It took a little bit for the waiter to pick up the payment and process it. The coffee was served with some spilled on the cup plate.  who cares if you get crap at your plate?" "The food & service are amazing! We have never had a disappointing experience at The Capital Grill. If you're eating light but still want to treat yourself  this place is great for putting on the swag and showing your guests or yourself a fancy meal out.  Something of a Charlotte staple now  trust me. I worked at a 5-star hotel with a Michelin 3-star restaurant. It was good. But the reason I can't give them 5-stars yet is because I haven't had the chance to go back."  the foul smell of the place made me just loose the appetite. Headed down to the more hip bar at the Ritz Carlton. What a difference The meal and a bottle of wine ran me $150 which for the service and ambience I believe is fair.  I'll most definitely be going back to give the chef another chance to WOW me." Possibly the BEST meal of my entire life! Hospitality here is bar none. You won't be sorry you chose to eat here.  I gave'hem a great review last time on their Exchange Room and Filet Mignon. Now  but you'll have to experience it yourself to understand. There's no better place to celebrate a special occasion I'd absolutely go again." Can't wait to bring my boyfriend with me on my next trip out here to Charlotte and bring him for a meal!"  but Charlotte is a happening city and I would dine outside again in a skinny minute." Recently enjoyed a great meal  while celebrating our wedding anniversary. The staff made our experience so memorable complete with photograph  of the happy occasion. The welcoming taste of hors d'oeuvres was  just right. Our entrees  cooked to an excellent temperature.  And the sampler plate of desserts with happy anniversary was such a nice touch. "I was Extremely disappointed  with Capital Grille. I dine there during Queen's Feast Restaurant Week yesterday. i was very excited because i only heard good things about the place . To Start the evening off there weren't any seat left inside the restaurant so we were escorted to a dining room outside the lobby. There were so many terrible things that occur that evening where do i begin. First the ceasar salad was the worst salad i have ever had it taste like a 2 day old bag salad you get at your local grocery store. it wasn't fresh Not in a hurry to come back....other competitors have won my heart." The main reason I am giving a one star review is because I woke up in the middle of the night with awful stomach pains and have been sick for the past 10 hours. My husband was nauseas but not as sick as me.  We didn't sleep practically at all last night and because of this i would never ever return here. I would recommend grilling steaks on your own grill and not wasting a ton of money to get an underwhelming sickening experience." The capital grille is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte."  especially because it's super convenient for my client. I would expect a steak place to cook a steak to my requested temperature and if I had more time I would have probably sent it back to be cooked more." "We were greeted with "" Happy Annversiary"" and two glasses of Champagne.  I though the champagne was actually quite delicious.  We had lobster-crab cakes for appetizers.  There was quite a bit of lobster in the cakes and they were scrumptious.  We shared a 10 oz Filet  which was plenty for us.  It was cooked to perfection.  We had scalloped potatoes and asparagus which we took home left overs.  They had one of our favorite wines from Chandon Domaine which I have not seen in a resturant before. They brought us out 2 small desserts: one on each end of plate with Happy Anniversary in the middle.  They took our picture with their camera and provided us with the picture.  Our waiter was superb along with the service.  The managers made sure we were happy by checking on us several times."  price...sides should not be double digits in price"  the prices are insane.  But for a special occasion dinner  this is definitely a 5 star experience worth the price.  Kudos to Steve and team on an awesome restaurant!!  I will for certain visit again when in town for business." The steak was cooked to perfection  .  Staff  is very friendly. Nice place to hang out.  which was a bone-in tenderloin.  That was the best steak I've ever eaten.  I paired it with the wine suggested by our waiter and the combo was incredible.  My husband had the porterhouse.  We also tried the lobster mac n cheese.  Amazing!!   I'm already looking forward to our next visit."  salad are well made and delicious. The steaks are cooked to exactly to the diner's request. Great place to begin night on the town in uptown Charlotte or celebrate an important event." "It's good. Had lobster soup first so later the sea bass didn't taste that great. But I had it packed and ate the rest in the next day  filet and lobster for my husband. Good wine. Richest carrot cake." CG rocks in Charlotte!"  this is THE place to come! Just bring a high limit credit card! Hey like I say  they make the day night a special one! Absolute class from the minute your seated! Ambiance  but also had lobster bisque as a special. Lobster bisque with at least 2 full claws worth of meat in it. Their bread was delicious too. It's expensive and can be a little formal stuffy KmImzeVfLhBXvKphcap_DQ overall a nice Thanksgiving afternoon." "Is this even a surprise!? Exceptional everything. From my perfectly medium rare fillet to the lobster mac and cheese to the truffle fries. If you don't go for anything else  it's even more about the fantastic people who serve the fantastic food.   Calling it ""service"" almost demeans the high level of professionalism and friendliness that are the hallmarks of the CG team.  The serving professionals at CG are like old friends that you want to just invite to sit down and chat "A very beautiful place to dine in casual clothing. The food is well made but not the best I've had. I ordered the plate of mini tenderloins and parmesian truffle fries Also the bar area is great for dates to share a bottle of wine and order appetizers.  My date knew the bartender who was extremely friendly and attentive and gave great wine recommendations." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ one of the best places I've found in the Charlotte area that I can actually eat and enjoy. this is my favorite place in all of North Carolina. best food. A+++++ I truly can't say enough about our experience. My dad said that it was the best birthday he'd had in a very long time  this place always pleases. Choose here over any steakhouse in town.  Fleming's sucks.  I've never had anything less than a great experience here."  to celebrate anniversary or birthdays or simply having a family dinner.  No two experiences are the same other than the quality of personal care that they provide. Oh don't let me get started about the chef's I had the scallops with risotto and it was amazing. The scallops had just the right amount of crispiness where they were pan fried. Considerable portion size. The decor is cool with lots of bronze animals and a bison mounted on the wall.  but really I'd choose quality every time over being served something that's just OK while being overcharged.  My husband enjoyed his lobster bisque and the lobster mac and cheese had several large chunks of lobster that were tender and perfect. My tomato salad came with underripe overly thick slices of tomato on top (which generally made the whole thing look unnappetizing). I'd say it's a reasonable request that if a tomato salad is offered you'd better have ripe tomato CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ "The ambiance was great. Food awesome. Service the best and super friendly. But it was very expensive. We paid  $300+ per couple with a drink before dinner Very nice evening with few friends. Lobster bisque was creamy with nice chunks of lobster. All the steaks  where perfectly done. Most importantly the service provided was spectacular.  especially the lamb. Easy on the sides...they can accommodate two people easily. It's a high end restaurant in central Uptown I am continually amazed at the ambiance and wonderful service I receive at this restaurant.  The filet mignon was so flavorful as well as the lemon asparagus. The cheesecake is indescribably delicious !!!  didn't feel dressy enough the sit in the dinning area. But it was Delicious! Great wine selection The food here is incredible. I ordered the bone-in Kona steak and it was absolutely wonderful! "Just Phenomenal. Everything. Ask for Rebecca Definitely go for a great lunch or dinner. Ask for George if he is available. You go in a customer and leave a friend with an incredible meal." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ  the room is relatively well lit and there is an outdoor seating area and open kitchen which reflects a more modern vibe"  about 4 layers of moist spicy goodness layered between not too sweet cream cheese frosting. The flourless chocolate espresso cake was my favorite Just to let everyone know the capital grille is doing a steak & salad special. They have three different options of salads and steaks to choose from. I got the spinach salad with fire roasted tomato and house mozzarella. I forgot was how my steak was prepared but I got it cooked medium. I paired it with a grapefruit buck cocktail because it was the lunch hour after all. One of the many reasons why I'll keep coming back is the older Caucasian lady that works there. She's so upbeat and has the best customer service skills.  we could have not asked for an better experience. Great food All the staff was wonderfully pleasant. I will return and I am excited to explore more of the menu." I recently went to the Capital Grille for the first time.  For whatever reason we always chose other Steakhouses in Charlotte.  But I have to say that this place seemed to have that something extra.  Their customer service was excellent.  The servers went above and beyond which I don't always experience other places.  Not to mention the steak was cooked perfectly and the lobster mac was delicious as well. Best customer experience!  Alex is the best EVER waiter.  Food is perfection.  They go all out for your birthday.  5 star every time! "Seriously amazing experience from the second we walked through the door   attentive and concerned   meal was fantastic   service My family and I had our first night of restaurant week at capital grill. My wife and daughter both ordered the filet mignon medium rare and I ordered the dry aged NY strip medium. All were cooked perfectly and paired with green beans and tomatoes and mashed potatoes. Atmosphere was very nice and well maintained. Staff was very pleasant and welcoming. The food overall was terrific. I personally did not care for the green beans and wish asparagus was paired with the meal instead. For desert I had the espresso cake and they ordered the creme brle. The cake in my opinion was much better than the pudding. I tried the pudding and was disappointed that it was not warm. I have had creme brle heated before from other restaurants and it's much better heated. We looked at the traditional menu and saw an excellent selection. Everything looked delicious. However the prices are startling. You can get similar quality and service for 15% cheaper at other restaurants. They are definitely worth trying but be prepared to have a nice chunk of cash to spend. Food was delicious and staff was very progressional. I will return again.  I had the lamb chops and the lobster and cheese Mac! Delicious  including the veggie sides (that come with all restaurant week meals!) and cleared our table. It was just awkward cause he made something that wasnt a big deal into a scene. Our neighbors sitting beside us literally leaned over and said they couldnt believe he did that and took the sides off the table too. Additionally Will definitely return all the way from Columbia  we ordered a filet and a porter house. Both tasted more like pot roast than steak. Service was the best I've ever seen before. We were celebrating our anniversary and they pulled out all the stops from putting a vase of flowers on the table "Good gluten free restaurant choice! Our party of three dined here Monday evening.  We opted to sit outside as the dining room seemed very loud and we didn't want to struggle to have a conversation.  Our waitress was knowledgeable about the gluten free options. We started with the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella. The ""croutons"" (rather large flat pieces of toast) were served on a separate plate for the guys to enjoy. My husband and his coworker ordered the bone in filet while I opted for the ny strip.  We all ordered our steaks medium.  We received rare  or how it was seasoned. I felt like the entrees were sub par. The Au gratin potatoes wer DELISH though. The Sam's mashed potatoes are probably the best mashed potatoes i've had at any steak house here." The grilled asparagus was excellent as were the garlic mashed potatoes. But that is not what you go to a steakhouse for. We will not be returning." The cheesecake was fabulous.  The customer service was lacking and the Seared Tuna was the worst I had ever had.  NC before or to this restaurant but all I have to say is Wow!  Amazing meal as I had the Filet Minon and it was one of the best meals I have ever eaten.  As and added bonus the waiter pointed out that the DT Suh from the Miami Dolphins was at the next table over and when he got done I went and asked for his autograph and he was very nice and gave it to me.  This place was incredible from the moment we walked in to the moment we left.  It is on the very expensive side but well worth every dime we paid.  I would recommend this place to anyone visiting who wants an upscale atmosphere and a great top notch dinner." "My friends and I went here last night. Our waiter Shawn was super! The crab cakes  nothing special what you would expect for a Caesar salad. The filet was good but could have been a little more tender. I find many steak restaurants have an issue cooking to med-well. It was good just not great. The side were really good I went for lunch with some colleagues and had the tuna. It was a bit overcooked and clearly not fresh. The ball of rice was also okay. The green beans were steamed fine. My colleague's ribeye sandwich was apparently pretty good but why go here when youre not on business?  every staff member was courteous and took a genuine interest providing great service. There were great little touches like the complimentary glasses of champagne and a special anniversary dessert that made our experience go from great to exceptional. My filet was absolutely perfect and the lobster macaroni was decadent. I was thoroughly wowed!"  you can't go wrong with anything at this fine-dining establishment!"  he had the Wagyu Cheeseburger with Fried Egg and Crisp Onions and truffle Parmesan fries. The serves was absolutely  wonderful  our waiter name was David he was always there he never missed a beat this whole experience was absolutely great. We had a ball for the food was GREAT!!!!!!" "I LOVE Capital Grille!!!! My husband & I sat at the bar tonight to celebrate. Our bartender Alex was amazing! Wagyu and Wine feature was great "The kona NY strip is one of the best steaks I've ever had. Recommended! Great cocktails Don't always need reservations. Have walked in a few times without reservations. The wine menu is great and the pineapple martini is delicious. The kitchen is very accommodating to allergies. The ribeye is amazing and I also always enjoy a seafood dish such as the salmon. I do want to give The Capital Grille a big Thank You for going the extra step of setting up our table for our anniversary. My wife was thrilled. Thank you!"  and I'm not sure why as the place was not busy at the time. Lest just say his tip went to the other server who had to pick up ours slack. If you don't earn it you don't get it." Service was impressive.  Very attentive and friendly."  but I really felt like the expense was worth it! Great service and great food can't be beat!"  great service! Perfect for a special occasion. The lobster mac-n-cheese is phenomenal. We'll be back for birthdays "The Capital Grille is solid.  It has a more upscale feel then some other high end chain restaurants. The drinks are awesome and the food came out perfect.  From oysters  friendly and courteous service along with a GREAT wine list this is the place to come!"  enough for dinner tomorrow night. This was everything a special occasion dinner should be! We left looking forward to our next dinner there." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ "The epitome of fine dining. Came in as a party of 15. Our server talked us into dishes we wouldn't normally eat and everything was delicious. Ate lots of oysters..drank lots of champagne. The displays of food were exquisite. Lots of detail put into presentation.  Lots of flavor. Servers sang happy birthday to a friend and gave her a dessert sampler and took pictures of the table.  This is my ""go to "" place when I'm in the area."  the lobster mac and cheese is delicious and the service is amazing. Highly recommend going to The Capital Grille for any special occasion." It's at a great location in Uptown Charlotte which allowed us to walk to the bars clubs after dinner."  but also expect to want to come back for another steak as soon as possible." Dessert is great - I usually opt for the flourless torte but honestly every thing I've tried has been excellent." The apple cobbler was okay...salted caramel gelato was good...Anyways  for a more reasonable price at local neighborhood bars resturaunts.  Do not fall for the hype. Try a small local fine dining restaurant.  You and your party will thank you for it!" "I made reservations for NYE probably around 3 weeks in advance. I am a student so going to what is supposed to be one of the city's elite steakhouses was going to be a treat. My girlfriend and I had 9:15 reservations and it took until about 9:30-9:45 to be seated which is understandable and the bar staff was wonderful while we waited. It was all downhill from there. We were both dressed extremely nice even better than some of the older patrons that were there who were wearing polo shirts and tshirts with sports coats.  That did not matter since we were 10 years younger than every other patron.  Our service was terrible which I suspect was due to the fact that we were the youngest people in the restaurant. It took 20-30 min to receive my bud light. I ordered the kona crusted strip medium rare and the only part of the steak that was slightly pink was the part near the bone. My girlfriend ordered the wedge salad with an added chicken breast with a side of au graten potatoes. Her meal was good other than the fact that once she finished 1 4 of her food the wait staff repeatedly asked if we would like a to go box to which I eventually caved and agreed to in order to get out of the dining area. I have been a waiter and bar tender for years to pay my way through law school so I understand when the restaurant is busy. Understanding this I did not feel it was appropriate at the time to complain to the manager. That being said  gave us a few pointers on identifying a good wine. This was done in a very genuine humble fashion. When passing through Charlotte we will be back. We were there 3 January 2016 awaiting a new grandchild."  they were phenomenal. In addition to the great food the service was superb. Our waiter George took great care of us. We will definitely eat there again." I have eaten at some exceptional restaurants and Capital Grille has just made this list. I liked the ambiance and the decor. The service was top notch and the food exceptional. Now granted I came during Charlotte's Restaurant Week but it's a restaurant I would try again even if it wasn't restaurant week. I got the chef's special which was the bone-in Kona crusted dry aged 18 oz NY strip topped with a shallot butter sauce. It was cooked a gorgeous medium rare. Buttery and smooth. The sauce was heavenly. I also ordered a delicious wedge salad and the creme brle was fantastic. The sides were green beans with onions and heirloom tomatoes and mashed potatoes. Both good but I was really focused on my steak. Peter was a great server and recommended a delicious house martini that complimented my meal. Do yourself a favor and make reservations today.  not a recommendation so we take responsibility for that one. We would consider this a success and definitely a top choice for the next special occasion." Good was very good but I got to say Ruth's Chris steaks are better tasting." I wouldn't suggest trying Capital Grille during major events because the food quality decreases. I am a major fan of their lobster Mac and cheese and was craving it during Valentine's Day. I ordered take out and when I got home I barely had any lobster(3 claws) and the amount of pasta was minimal. Absolutely had one of the best servers ever in Delany. Great atmosphere and the salmon dish was excellent. Would recommend potatoes au gratin for a side. I went here for Valentines and it was so worth it! Very classy! The service was amazing! The lobster mac& cheese was to die for. We also ordered the calamari seriously so delish. Def coming back! There are plenty of great restaurants and steak houses in Charlotte.  There is nothing unique or better about the capital grille than these other places." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ  salads and much more.  I always ask for George. Food is tops!" Top notch!  The food is always fantastic. The staff is very professional but not stuffy.  Love the rich wood decor "A steakhouse worth the price. Downtown Charlotte there is a steak waiting cooked to perfection with your name on it. After driving 4 hours I finally decided to stop for a bite to eat. Once I walked in I knew I was under dressed everyone I the place was in their Sunday finest  Always a nice spot to grab a drink or have dinner. I love this place if you are on a low carb diet and they are accommodating with food allergies. I love their pineapple vodka drink. Great for a date night.  we were treated with celebratory champagne. I had the Gorgonzola and truffle crusted dry aged ny strip and my boyfriend had the 24 oz. dry aged porterhouse. We shared the asparagus risotto (delicious) and the lobster mac & cheese (out of this world)! Our waiter  they smelled really but I refrained from grabbing one... his burger also looked good but I was focused!"  everything was extremely fresh and cooked to perfection.  Our server Sheri (spelling?) was amazing  than the Capital Grille.  I stopped by the bar area today for a late lunch.  The bartender and wait staff were flawless in their service The decor inside is very nice and definitely a place you want to take someone to impress them!  Would go back Steak tartare was amazing! I sat at the bar and the bartender was fun to talk to. We had a great conversation and she knew the menu well. I ordered the Ny strip and it was cooked to perfection. The lobster mac was amaizng. I really enjoyed my experience! I doubt I will ever set foot in this place again. The balsamic whatever sirloin was awful. Literally the worst steak I've had in a year or two."  and the special touch to the cake we brought in) was immaculate and the customer service was above and beyond. Thanks for always being the greatest at making our dining experience so spectacularly flawless!" "I'm going to be honest I was nervous about coming here because of the reviews. Me and my husband made reservations for our anniversary celebration. Everyone here treated us nice. They had our table ready with decorations and we even got a card saying happy anniversary. Also gave us some roses which were beautiful and dessert Thank you Amber at The Capital Grill in Charlotte North Carolina."  the lobster bisque was amazing. The fresh and large chunks of lobster were mouth watering. I then had the filet sandwich with truffle fries. The filet had a Capitol Grill special sauce that was a mix between a goat cheese spread and aioli. The truffle fries were hands down the best I have ever had. Nothing even compares. The filets were perfectly cooked CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ Great Night in The Capital ! Friendly Staff and a great salmon dinner can't be beat ! Lobster mac n cheese is awesome." BEST steakhouse I've ever been to. Fantastic service and AWESOME food! Steaks are phenomenal! Well worth every cent! George Lee has got to be the greatest server on the face of this earth!  it's how they resolve the situation that truly matters to me. They staff was tremendously gracious and I am excited to go back as I know they'll knock my socks off next time. Good job The food was amazing as always.  The calamari is probably my favorite thing on the menu.  The peppers are the perfect mix of sweet & spicy and the calamari is fried to perfection (a couple of extra seconds can result in rubber tires).  Our server was Angel & she was so sweet.  She was just the right mix of friendly & attentive without hovering or taking away from the dining experience. "Damn good steak! what else is there to say. If you're a steak lover and haven't been to the CG then you're missing out. Yes I know its a chain I had steak and mashed potatoes.  The steak was perfectly med-rare and mashed potatoes made simply but flavorful."  there are two rooms in the back of the restaurant that can be joined or separated depending on the size of your party."  I had lunch here at least three times a month.  The food and service has always been steady.  I always left feeling as though I received good value."  I had lunch here at least three times a month.  The food and service has always been steady.  I always left feeling as though I received good value" The service is superb. They're very attentive. I've become such a regular customer that they know  me by name. That makes me feel extra special. I've never experienced that at any other restaurant that I ever frequent on a regular basis."  and service. I think this is the best Chinese restaurant in the Charlotte area. The best egg drop soup I've ever had." Make sure (if ordering take out) to ask for some of the ""homemade mustard sauce"" to put on your spring roll or egg roll  but only if you aren't familiar with real  my granddaughters love to watch the brightly colored fish in the large salt water tanks. Very friendly service. Groups can reserve the large rooms in the back  but nothing to write home about. I will try a spicy dish next time." "I've been going to this place for the past 15 years and it's definitely gone downhill recently. I used to rave about the food and service to all my friends We have not been able to find good Chinese in North Florida. We would be so happy if we could get Chinese food the caliber of Great Wall!" Step out of your comfort zone.  That's how you'll get to experience the authentic.  Junk like sweet and sour chicken is not authentic.  Have fun!"  the experience is always good. One thing you must do is spend some time looking at their salt water fish tanks. These tanks are incredible and worth visiting the restaurant just to enjoy them."  nor when I told them I did not care for it and no offer to comp it!  It would NOT have helped me rate the dine any higher though.  I would eat here again if Charlotte did not offer any better Restaurant choices!"  i didn't diss the restaurant due to that experience. Went back a few weeks later. Christmas Day actually. Twas earlier in the day so it wasn't super busy yet. The table beside us was already noticeably frustrated with service and wait for their food when we arrived(they eventually ended up almost walking out). Good sign right  don't come here expecting to find them. Panda's Den in north Charlotte puts this place to shame." My family has enjoyed eating here since 1986 when we moved to Charlotte. The kids now request to eat there when they come home to visit. We love it...great cold noodles and dumplings!  It gets a 5 Yelp rating from me! BE CAREFUL about drinking and driving.  CMPD and even Pineville patrol the area on a regular basis.  Better to get a cab than put yourself in that situation." I went to Great Wall for lunch since I was spending some time at Carmel Commons on patrol for my company. I hadn't eaten there in a very long time. I believe the last time I was there was at a Wednesday night supper with the Queen City Corvette Club. As I remembered it then the food was good but the service was iffy. Well fast forward to September 2012. The food is still good. I had a daily special called Twice Spiced Scallops that was rather good. Their sweet tea tasted better than say sweet tea from Cracker Barrel. I was seated next to the large aquarium. The only thing that wrecked the ambiance was the small child screaming at the top of her lungs about lobsters and the clueless parent who thought that the youngsters screaming was akin to angels singing. I would have ejected both of them. I ordered the beef and broccoli and that was pretty good. Would I come here again? Not quite sure because I don't live in the quail hollow area. Just know that I wouldn't come out of my way to get here." Everything was good enough to make me want to return and try something else!"  not only is the food good but the place is clean. The portions are LARGE GW is a nice place for a date or even a romantic occasion.  You will get plenty to eat "I have been going to Great Wall since 1983. It has always been great and it's the restaurant by which I judge all other Chinese restaurants. It is consistent Egg roll - Above average" Also they serve these fried wonton strips with 2 sauces as soon as you sit down Another great family dinner with the in-laws."  perhaps for some staff). One of the best local Chinese restaurants and I recommend you give it a try."  but we like to tip what we want.  Unfortunately our server got less than what we would haven given." There's a Chinese menu in addition to the regular menu  quick and attentive service. Shrimp in chili sauce is one of our favorite but the spiciness varies each time. Flower chicken is good if you like more on the bland side. Pork fried rice is consistently good just wish they could add spouts. Overall this is a fine restaurant" While leaving the owner was standing and never even said thanks for coming. We will not go to this restaurent again nor will recommend to our friends." The aquarium was nice and we enjoyed it for a few minutes on the way out. I had eaten here before and it was much better in the past. So they Great Wall is not so great. Maybe just have some soup for lunch. Sad to say I won't take friends here again."  I always get the same dishes. I will say that their weekend buffet is nowhere as good as their regular entrees  the flavors and how its prepared is definitely better than some in the area; this place is worth another visit."  i would recommend the crispy shrimp and crispy scallops. For the price you get good quality Chinese food and not to mention If you are looking for a Chinese food ""fix"" this is the place. I am tired of the little dingy take-out joints that are  in every strip mall. This place is an escape to a more sophisticated era of Chinese restaurants in Charlotte. I also tried the lunch buffet and it was excellent. Enjoy." I also had the hot & sour soup - very good. Some places have a weird version of it - but not here.  Worth a try.  Yum." Overall everything was good & servers seem to be all around to assist with anything. I am just not a buffet person  until after a white woman entered. She was waited on before us and no apology was given. Never have experienced anything like this before! Will not be going back to give them any of my money!" "I've been going to The Great wall of China South for quite a while. The owner Alex and the staff always accommodate to your liking. I am a pescatarian so I don't know how their meats are however I can tell you about a few of their dishes. My all time favorite dish is one of their specialties the ""Crispy Scallops"". The portion size is very generous & the scallops are sweet. This does not come with any vegetables. I recommend ordering the mixed vegetables with brown sauce. I always tell them to make the sauce spicy :) For appetizers the ""Steamed Veggie Dumplings"" are amazing with a sweet soy sauce. The ""Crab Rangoon"" is okay. The ""Spring Rolls"" are greasy but good. Make sure to have extra napkins. Also I've tried the ""Sa Cha Scallops"" during lunch and definitely a yummy dish! Although I like it very spicy. The restaurant is always clean and they have stayed consistent on everything for many years. Love this place!! Always keeps me coming back" Excellent buffet! Food is very fresh and hot. They are very busy and attentive to the customers needs. They are constantly replenishing the buffet because the food is so good and it gets eaten fast! Enjoy!  all by themselves.  A great choice for a night out or with the family."  the food was terrible.  The crispy shrimp was soggy and the egg rolls had a horrible taste and smell.  I was told by the lady at the front desk they were homemade but that was incorrect.  I have had fresh "The BEST Chinese in charlotte. My boyfriend and I are regulars there. The food is amazing and the fish tanks are beautiful. If you are a vegetarian like myself they have plenty of option. I get the mixed veggies in brown sauce "Absolutely horrible experience. We were seated and drink order was taken by that person. Few mins later drinks were dropped off by a different person who said waitress would be over to take our order. Then 10 mins later someone came over and asked us if we wanted appetizers which we did and ordered Crab Rangoons and Spare Ribs. This person said someone would be back to take our order. Never happened. The apps came out and the guy said again someone would come take our order. So we ate our apps and still no one. No one even acknowledged us  around 9:45pm we stayed at the table to chat.. Being cautious that the restaurant hours printed on the door said they close at 11pm.. A waitress came to us at 10pm and said that they were closing and they needed us to pay now... O_o  So we got up to pay and leave and the cashier man ( looked like the manager ) was so cold.. He never asked how the food was or anything "Great Wall of China is a nice place. The food and service is consistently good. There is outdoor seating and there are large aquariums inside with some cool fish. It's not expensive  I will never have them again. The General Chicken is ok. I found this place to be average and expensive. The best time to go is on Sunday This is by far the best american style Chinese food you will find in Charlotte. You will pay a bit more but its well worth it because of the taste. They also have non American Chinese food but its off the menu and you just need to ask. I get this great noodle soup with veggies and chicken and its great. Taste like right from hong Kong  and service were all good so no complaints there. The food however was not. I ordered the general chicken with brown rice and an egg roll. The chicken was all slimy dark meat and the flavor was nothing like general sauce but rather 100% strong garlic. I wasn't able to even eat hardly any of it because of the brown slimy meat. My husband ordered the garlic beef and he did not like the sauce at all. It had zero garlic taste Our rehersal dinner served good food and service.  The mongolian beef was served with a rice bun (like bow) which was tasty.  The beef was a bit tough but flavor was good.  The steamed whole fish with scallions and soy sauce was very good. I plan to return to check out their lunch specials. Since 1985 Great wall has focused on quality and great food. I live about 30 min away now and still come here to eat. Passing at least 10 other Chinese restaurants.  their ""special"" shrimp dish and pork fried rice.  The soup was served and that was the last we saw of our waiter for 45 minutes.  People who arrived well after us were served and left.  When finally the entree arrived it was relatively without taste.  Once we'd finished I have ordered carry out food from here a number of times and am always impressed. I typically get a shrimp or chicken dish Not the best in Charlotte but certainly a nice change if your looking for somewhere different to eat." Best Chinese takeout in Pineville south Charlotte area.  They've been here forever (I've been coming here since I was a kid). Busy for dinner on weekends so I always get takeout. Very friendly. I called about 930 and the nice man ordered my food as the last order. I was starving Marvin and they were the only place to stay open and take my order. Such great people. And even better food. Must eat  and my kids love going on Sundays for the buffet.  Thank you for being a perfect family favorite!"  the gentleman passed by me literally 8 times and did not refill my water for a good 15 minutes. I basically had to flag him down and tell him to please refill it. We ordered the sesame cold noodles. Which I love the peanut sauce but way too much soy in there so it came off extremely salty. Also we order the favorite shrimp (which is that sweet mayo shrimp) and sesame chicken. Okay the favorite shrimp was disgusting. The sauce tasted old and I couldn't even stomach to eat it. The side of broccoli was just drizzle with soysauce and salty!  the sesame chicken was average however I did enjoy how they didn't soak it in sauce. I asked for extra vegetables and we were charged more for it but got literally just a spoon full of vegetables. Jade Asian Fusion and Dim Sum tastes so much better"  we usually buy one our two."  special recommendation goes to wontom in hot oil. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable. This place is native Chinese foodie approved!"  what a shame. The orange sauce was nice but there was very little rind present. The meat was very chewy. Overall I really don't think that we'll be coming back again. Three stars for the wonderful aquariums and our waitress I have been here several times and it's always been good. I've come here before for the sunday buffet and they actually have a lot of options. Egg rolls are so good and fat. Chicken wings are huge and crispy!! My favorite is the house special lo mein noodles. It has that smoky flavor and the put a lot of meat in it! Boyfriend loves their chicken and broccoli. I've also ordered from their Chinese menu. I tried the fish in the spicy oil sauce. It was good and light. staff is always friendly and I love when they seat us near the huge aquarium. Haven't been there in about 5 years and man has it changed. Egg drop soup which used to be the best in Charlotte was nothing but dish water and noodles. The egg rolls were were microwaved soggy somethings and the Mu Shu was the worst I have ever had. The Fantasy Shrimp was very good. The only meal saver. We won't go back. There are much better Chinese places around... The only downer is our waiter never bothered to come refill over beverages. She kind of took our order  when we go out to dine we want to get good service.  And that's not what we got.  Next time I'll order and pick up my food if I ever decide to get something from there again. Which I most likely will because I did like the food.  Again Very average Chinese... It's your typical asian flare with nothing special or bad. Alex is the owner who is there every day so he ensures good good and service. If you have a cold ... This is the place to get egg drop soup ! Best in Charlotte!!! Never disappoints ! Some things you just can't mess with and their egg drop soup is one of the best ever! Really really good Chinese ! I hope if we decide to dine in that the service is good..."  as every single employee we encountered was cold and acted like they didn't want to be there. Very unfriendly. My husband and I both worked in the restaurant business during college and know about good customer service. For the food: My husband had some sort of beef dish with peppers and onions and I had the chicken and broccoli. Both dishes were very hot which was the only redeeming quality They're also on restaurant.com so you can get a great deal as well!!"  sometimes are not. It's odd that their chef couldn't keep a stable level:("  but if you're looking for a new good Chinese place I say keep walkin' don't bother." I was greatly surprised at how friendly the service was and how good the food tasted. I have eaten at many many Chinese places for lunch and this is tied for top spot. They give you Chinese chip things before your meal with sweet sauce and hot sauce. They also have large fish tanks with exotic tropics fish. Overall great experience. I've recently visited this place again because i did like the food. And the food was still ferocious. They don't skim on the sauce or meat. The sauce is very flavorful. I did takeout. So not sure about the service. But the sanitation grade has improved to 96. I'll return again. It's worth it. I'm glad I gave them a second chance. The food is fresh and tasteful.. Temperature perfect.. Service not consistent." Great Wall has become our go-to for takeout. We have tried quite a few dishes on multiple occasions and not yet been disappointed. But still we get the crab Rangoon every time. Still haven't made it inside for a sit down dinner though. Go somewhere that they demonstrate respect for their guests - this is not the place." "Blah. Poor service and okay food.  Nothing special to write about. If they didn't have half price Groupons  a waitress came over and I ordered. She then rudely said I had to order at least $10 of food if I wanted to stay and eat in the restaurant. There were only maybe 3 tables with anyone at all in the place so it's not like they were busy and they have never said this to me before on the couple of other ocassions where I just came for their soup. I will never go here again." What they need to understand is that they get tipped for the service not in spite of it." We have been here a few times. The buffet lunch is excellent compared to any other chinese resteraunts. Good choices without too much of the oily taste.  not mentioned by the server.  Again not a real problem just one part of the entire experience.   Next time it will be take out!"  fried.  They were very flavorful and perfectly cooked.  The dumplings come with plenty to share.  Prices are good.  Service is very attentive. I will definitely come back!"  so I gave them 4 stars. Excellent service  so we went.  It was aweful.  How can you mess up wonton soup and vegetable spring rolls.  The sesame chicken was terrible.  The shrimp with garlic sauce just ok.  And the waiter was MIA after we got our food...we wanted to get some extra white rice at least and then our check at the end took forever I had a Groupon so I check this place out. It was just 'ok'. I don't think I would go back even with savings from a Groupon. The rice was burnt and the beef and broccoli was very salty.  I think it needs a good overall cleaning." "Came for Chinese New Year dinner(aka) spent more than 300 dollars and got awesome food! (special new year dinner with 9 dishes including lobster  that was fast. Usually and egg roll takes a minute or two to cook. When I got back to the office I found out why. First no spoon or soy Sauce. then the egg roll was soggy. They did not even cook it fresh. Yuck. It was so bad. The egg drop soup had no flavor either. I woudl pass this place by in a heart beat. Had they been busy I woudl say  and there was more shrimp than broccoli! That's a first! It wasn't a HUGE lunch portion but it was filling and I took half of it home. Quiet atmosphere It's my second time here. This experience is much better than last time. The sweet and sour shrimp is a must try! Just can't stop eating them "We have eaten here for years. The food and service are both excellent.  They've ruined Chinese for me "Love this place! Friendly staff and they put your food in your box for you Great service and the food is awesome! One of the best Chinese restaurants I've been to in Charlotte! The Cantonese lobster is a must try! I use to love this restaurant until my last visit when reaches was at my table. The manager said I can take 20% off of your bill!! Thanks but no thanks! I have not been back. I have been coming here for many years. All good things must come to an end. The food and service is not the same.Other  then the beautiful salt water fish tank there is nothing to say nice about the place.  he loves the food here!! i will continue to come as long as they are here!friendlyy staff and the manager is awesome!!" I highly recommend it and can't wait to go back for the nights of live jazz."  by far one of the BEST restaurants in Madison (whoops Middleton)."  the atmosphere in the restaurant is great and the service has always been good. Very delicious! I can't wait to go back!"  inviting dinner--and for heating me up with enough cajun spice to temporarily make me forget how blustery it is outdoors!"  it has always been good." "Not knock your socks off but good. Atmosphere in the downstairs dining room is nice quiet. A good place to go with friends and have a conversation.  I had the escargot which was good -- could have had a little more garlic. Red beans & rice was especially good. Salad was average. For out of towners staying at the ""big box"" motels at the edge of town this place is way better than the chain restaurants around the motels and well worth the short walk into town (maybe not in winter)." I was really excited to come here and usually really like cajun food. What I got was a plate full of super-salty rice and beans. I couldn't finish it and left hungry. I'm hoping it was just a mistake. I'll give it another try one of these days.  I love the fact that they have live jazz on the piano tues-sat nights starting at 6pm(although tonight he started more like 6:30). It was really nice. We said that we would definitely go another night for drinks and appetizers(which looked tempting) in the bar lounge area with friends." The only con I can give Louisianne's is that they give you so much good food that you can never get to the desserts. This restaurant is the one that my girlfriend and I benchmark all other restaurants by The best part was that I was so full on bread by the time my entree arrived that I didn't feel like so much of an ass asking for most of my meal to be put in a doggie bag.  I'd be willing to give this place another chance though." It's a great place to sit and talk and drink wine  our waitress was timely.  She checked in often and never hurried us to finish and leave." We have concluded that the next time we go we'll sit in the bar area and have drinks & apps."  text book waitstaff. Best atmosphere for date night!  Not good for kids. Make a reservation!!"  slightly spicy but still let the veggies shine) sauce that complimented the sweet potato ravioli. Then there were scallops. It was one of those dishes that I couldn't comprehend. All I know is I am anxious to try more of what this chef has to offer." If the atmosphere had been better I would make myself a regular."  and the grilled chicken po'boy tasted very fresh (the shredded romaine lettuce was much appreciated). The only bad news is the general ambience of the upstairs lunch area . . . rather dark and uninviting." The only missing star was that we had trouble finding our server as we were trying to pay our bill (it had already been dropped off but then he was gone!)" The service was soooooo slow that night.  usually i enjoy my meals like these but that night i wanted just GET OUT OF THERE! the server took forever to bring out my dishes and i was getting really impatient.  for the amount of time at was at the table Back in Madison this week and will be going here tomorrow."  the courtesy of the staff.  It's all good.  But the food was especially excellent.  I ordered the Pecan Catfish.  Wow!!!  It was baked to perfection with darkened spices making it the perfect spiciness!!!  I loved it!  Veggies were fresh and crisp.  We had an excellent Pinot Grigio off the list.  The others ordered tenderloin cordon bleu For the entree's I had some pork masterpiece that was a featured dish and it was divine. For dessert I believe I had the dark chocolate creme brulee again. It was another great experience!"  subterranean dining room unlike anything else you'll find in Madison. Hard to believe you're in beautiful downtown Middleton." "if you're looking for a nice night out For the price of the meal you can do much better than this restaurant." "Awesome food. Definitely a good place to eat if it is your first time in Madison It is nice to see a high quality restaurant in Middleton!  We will definitely be back again!"  as you can imagine my service was slow. I had the crab puff pastry and BBQ Shrimp as an appetizer. The Crab Pastry was very good. The BBQ Shrimp however were not. I was surprised they left the shell on the shrimp when they serve it. For my main entree I had the Coffee Crusted Chicken and a half order of jambalaya. They wouldn't let me have jambalaya as a side so I had to order half a plate of it If i wanted to try it. The Chicken was very moist and flavorful.  A lot sweeter than I had anticipated but good. The jambalaya was very disappointing. Overall   ""I guess you want to hear our specials?""  She took our order and we never saw her again.  Water came half way through our meal from the bartender.  Our empty plates sat on our table for 25 minutes.  We felt very unattended to and almost a bother to the staff.  The food is excellent Live music also sometimes." It's a great place to bring guests if you want to head off to a chill and unexpected place. Even better if you're prepared to stuff your faces with well-executed comfort food. Try the Sazerac if you want a stiff  we asked if we might be able to be seated in the bar area instead (which was much quieter). They quickly accomodated our request and we had an enjoyable conversation throughout dinner. The food was excellent and a musician softly played piano in the background. The service was prompt  quaint and awesome. The place is tucked away and underground. Piano man in the bar area playing jazz and lounge tunes. Had escargot  very quaint as you are literally underground.  I loved the feel of the place and the atmosphere.  The food did not disappointment either.  The escargot were absolutely perfect The ugly:  The not so special blackened swordfish entre with salty sides and the shrimp etouffee.  The classic Cajun dish was a generous amount of white rice with salty ketchup sauce.  :-("  and one etouffee...we were all pleased and all took home left overs.........We split a piece of the peanut butter pie...and one had coffee..we had a fun time drove 70 miles to get there." In summary a happy waitress and a little birthday treat and this place would be through the roof!" Will definitely go back the next time we are in Madison."  often with piano music. Food is always really good. I want to hang out here more." "I've brought business contacts and executives from my firm to Louisiannes'.  Always they have been impressed with the quality of the food  and a chef that knows how to cook.  Madison has too many restaurants that offer far superior food to Lousiannes "Just ok because my bar for New Orleans food is quite insurmountable!  But I give honest reviews.  Whoever is in the kitchen can season food like nobody's business!  It is great food.  Seafood was not fresh though and they really do not have Bread Pudding on the menu!  That tells me that the chef is not from Louisiana at all.  Prices are too high  but this time was a whole different story! We ordered four appetizers to split and all of them were delicious. I had a steak which was cooked to perfection. The service was excellent. The wine they recommended was delicious. We split several desserts and they were delicious as well. I'm still on the fence about the place but our last time there was good enough that I will give it another chance to make my final decision."  good bread and quality olive oil.  Entrees were excellent - scallops and greens with great sauce and good quality jambalaya with crawfish.  Thick chocolate cake dessert was a great finisher.  Only suggestion would be to replace the first impression worn carpeting going downstairs."  and others are meh. The major problem with this is that Louisianne's  menu is at a price point where people only go occasionally...so the restaurant basically has one shot to impress Pleasantly surprised by the large portion of grilled vegies and handmade mashed potatoes that came with the catfish. Amazing flavor and worth the money. The menu didn't mention the sides included. Friend ordered the jambalaya and let me try it. The blackened catfish was way better."  and the drinks.  It's even better when they have a lounge singer in the background." "My husband took me here in our very first date (7years ago) and every year we make a visit. I am absolutely addicted to their crawfish cheesecake and my goodness the crab puffs are amazing. Every visit I contemplate getting a platter of the crab puffs for myself and no one else. The bartenders have always been outstanding with their recommendations and drink specials and extremely friendly when waiting for your table. I love the atmosphere and the waitresses are usually on point and keep our water glasses full which is my biggest pet peeve. Definitely make this a stop if you enjoy and intimate atmosphere with rich food. I am still keeping it 5 stars despite my one issue which is there has rarely (if any) been a menu change in the 7 years of me eating there. Their nightly weekly specials --when available are delicious  outstanding cajun cuisine...we will definitely be going back!" We walked out of there well-fed and very happy. If you're looking for a charming restaurant for a nice evening out I'm pretty sure they use the same white cream sauce as the base for all of their dishes. I would have preferred a lot less heavy sauce so the seasonings and flavors of the foods could come through better. Sometimes simple is better Crawfish Cheesecake appetizer and Etoufee can't be missed! We will be back! L" "I love literally everything about this place. For Westside location is extremely convenient and parking is always ample and for you. The location in the basement of the building makes it a really exciting place to come into and a cool place to dine. The food is wonderful Thank you to Gwen and to our excellent waitress koRLvzIl-4fCybOIdk56jA Crab puffs are to die for!!! So good!!! I have only been here a few times for soup and crab puffs - mainly because alot of items on the menu are spicy!!(not a huge fan of spice) the hostess is sooo nice!!! Love this place!! "Service was polite and attentive (thank you James) and the food was wonderful. Had the blackened catfish and asked for it extra spicy and they did a superb job. Added the bbq crawfish topping and it was extraordinary! Dining companions special was yummy Menu selections that I have not yet tried that interest me are the Bouillabaisse and the Cordon Bleu."  my group of coworkers and I decided to try it out. We are from Mississippi  and Louisiana and I will say this was NOT southern cajun seafood  anything.. very disappointed in the $30 duck and everyone else disliked the food. Will not be back."  and the food.  So good.  We ordered the crab puffs to start. My entree was the Jambalaya with crawfish tails- spicy and delicious.  My husband ordered the Etouffee Awesome decoration.. It's like you came 100 years back...Loved stuff mashrooms...and Hurricane drink "Only been here a couple of times but the food is amazing. Very good. The restaurant is a bit loud though  duck and rabbit. The only thing I would change in my dish is replace the green peppers with more of a squash and bring the salt down a notch." "Completely disgusting!  Best decision would have been to turn around and leave at the initial sight of the deplorably filthy carpeting on the stairs to the restautant!!   The carpet in the restaurant is equally filthy!  Makes you wonder what the kitchen looks like.  Totally bad exoerience  but I may stroll back at some point down the road to give them a second shot" koRLvzIl-4fCybOIdk56jA  down some winding steps you feel like you are dining in a cave! Plus they offer live music. It's great for couples or a date. Definitely a unique spot!"  credible but not to the level of noticeably great.  And that describes the rest."  we both ordered the same soup and entrees so a limited review. :) But the sweet potato seafood bisque was lovely with a perfectly balance of a light spice heat to it.  We had the red snapper special that was served with lemon blue cheese potatoes that were absolutely devine.  We capped it with a dark chocolate creme brle and key lime pie that continued to impress.  I highly Service and food was great.  Catfish "My favorite place for fast food in Madison - I have both locations in my cell phone for quicker pickup.  If it's Thursday try the Shrimp in Cream Sauce or Crawfish in Cream Sauce special....any other day "Arguably the best thing about Madison. Real. Legit. Not Playing. Close your eyes "I lived near the Monroe St. location and frequented this place regularly.  Everything is super fresh and authentic. I was always a big fan of the crawfish etoufee with a big slab of cornbread.  The spice could be a little inconsistent though  though there is another on Monroe Street.  I'm certain that had I not graduated prior to this location opening I would have made it a regular destination.  As it is  the thing about NOTO whenever I have eaten there is that I am always expecting it to be way greater than it really is because of the way people talk about it.  I am always expecting this transcendent experience  and a everything made from scratch type feel. This isn't a place where you meet a hostess and they seat you. Just expect the best beans and rice outside of New Orleans." Go here for some great food."  and the food is consistently good.  I always have a hard time deciding what to get... the shrimp etouffee?  A shrimp po' boy with Creole sauce?  Or one of the daily specials like the pecan fish or the Cajun meatballs?  The cornbread is also worth noting for its yumminess."  been to N'awlins many times when I was a kid in the 70's. NOTO is the best hands down. Wish some adventuresome entrepreneur would migrate NOTO down to Chicago. It would be a huge success I am sure. We don't have anything that is even close to as good so we have to make our own or take a trip up to Madison! :)"  and really anything else Roussos has got goin' on that day....will cause me to go into NOTO withdrawal. Oh! And who can forget the Panola hot sauce he uses! There is so much soul in this food and super flavor  shimp creole and a red bean and rice double meat.  all with french bread.  it's a ton of food but oh so good." "My boyfriend and I discuss food often and he talked about his place with reverence always.  Well OMG.. it REALLY is special.  A simple chicken poboy made right..  Dipping it into certain soups of the day (curry chicken and creole cheeseburger were my favorites).  We call them dipping sauces (lol) and have even gone so far as to plan a trip to Madison based on the soups that day.  And their etouffe labelled ""too hot to eat"" actually lives up to its name while still retaining seriously good flavor is another rare find indeed." Oyster Po'Boy is money.  Their bread is really good and the taste is unique. The Jambalaya is better than I've had in New Orleans. New Orleans Take out is one of the best values in the city. Can't say enough about it. For the people saying no place to sit. Are you sure you are rating the correct location? They had plenty of tables there complete with copies of the northside news paper "Went here for the first time last night. Thought i'd give it try based on the ratings. Im originally from the south so i was a little aprehensive about trying it "Stopped in today for the first time and it was great. Owner was friendly and the food was great. I ordered a crawfish poboy and the spicy chicken jambalaya. Both were top grade and addictive. The jazz that was playing was a nice touch while waiting. The open kitchen made it feel like home  NOTO is that kind of hole in the wall place that newcomers hesitate to try out.  My advice - do it!  As much as I love these sandwiches I hardly ever order them out anymore because I know they will never be as good as at New Orleans Take Out in Madison I love the food here. Love the vibe. Oh and if this review sounds similar to the one by Sheena F. it's because she's my sister. It's a family obsession." I love NOTO the shrimp Po'Boy has alway been my favorite item.  But the Crab Cakes are also excellent. The pimento cream sause is to die for. i cant say enough about this place. Have always been very satisfied!!! my whole family loves it. "Good shrimp jambalaya but great cornbread in a developing neighborhood.  A future spot on Food Network's Diners Been to New Orleans...this place is just as good as anything there.  Today's shrimp in cream sauce was outstanding.  my standard cajun dish.  It was quite good.  My brother had red beans and rice with sausage  but this place is one of the true gems in town all things-considered." Good food but totally overpriced. I'll definitely be making a stop here again whenever I'm in the Madison area for some good ol' N'Orleans style cookin'."  the quality was superior to what we get at our little dive joints. You can definitely see they emphasize flavor and texture Overall felt like the food lacked flavor. The jambalaya and gumbo seemed blah to both of us. The BBQ shrimp and cornbread were both good. The downtown establishment I have never had a bad dish from as a result we drive across the isthmus to get takeout which is a bit of a schlep so we order from them less often then we might otherwise." best place ever and good gumbo and chicken filet  but rather well seasoned food. Obviously the cook does not know that. The red beans had absolutely no flavor and tasted like they were just poured out of the can with no seasoning whatsoever. The shrimp creole was again overly spicy and the shrimp had a very strong smell to them. I think I may have actually gotten some food poisoning from them. Nothing had a cajun seasoning to it. Some things were bland with no flavor and the other things were overly salty and spicy. I like spicy foods "Owner says I am not Cajun. I was born and raised in Louisiana and now live in Illinois and go back to Louisiana at least once a year. All my family is still in Louisiana except my wife and kids which is why I live here. He claims cajun food and new orleans food are not the same  on the other hand had an absolutely pitiful shrimp Po Boy.  Big ole piece of bread  fries. Not quite what my granny used to make. But the dirty rice was spicy and I added it to the bland white rice and beans to add flavor to it. It was ok buy upset my stomach. Cornbread was dense and moist? Flavorless though. I wanted some warm buttery cornbread goodness. Nope. The fries and bbq sauce was all I liked in my order." I love this place!!!! It's an authentic hole in the wall kind if place with the best Cajun food in Wisconsin. I have been to New Orleans and eating here takes me right back! The food is fresh and delicious! My favorite way to treat myself. Highly recommend I just love this place. Nothing else like in Madison! "Can I give zero stars? I didn't even get to eat. As soon as we walked in the cashier looked at us and walked in the back and never came back out. The cooks were outside smoking and gossiping about the night before's drunk. This was at 6 pm. Prime dinner time. The tables were all dirty. The visible part of the kitchen was messy and cross contaminated. Overall love the too hot to eat shrimp etouffe favorite spicy dish in madison all the kinds of po boys ive tried have been very good could have better beverage selection i like the cornbread 4 *'s because it's my first time there and ""Yay! I'm a fan."" Hope to make it 5 after the next visit." "A Madison institution for all the right reasons. The soups are just perfect. Creole cheeseburger is one you should try. The Po boys  are my favorite. The rice and beans are overpriced. John is the original owner and totally legit. Place looks like a Louisiana dive I would definitely recommend this place and will be ordering again very soon."  with either the cornbread or the French bread. This reviewer would encourage seafood lovers to try this place (if you haven't yet). Visit the Fordem Avenue location and check out all the music legends who like this place."  it's far better than just 3 stars (Its OK) because it's better than OK. It's good." "Ok. I should've read deeper because it is a Vegan dirty rice. Having that pointed out to me The prices are obscene they cook in nasty old grease we had the fish and shrimp both were awful and not enough a two year old could prepare better food! We were Very disappointed and will not be going back. I can't wait to try the rest of their menu." This was absolutely delicious!  Tried a bunch of different things and it was fantastic!  I will be back and back often!  but delicious. I would recommend you get a half-serving of the touffe along with something else to moderate the spice. The gumbo is not quite as savory and flavorful as I would prefer "I am floored at the fact that there are a few people who said the food was ""flavorless."" They are ridiculous. I love the east side location. I get the crawfish etoufee with corn bread and extra rice because it's so spicy!!! But the flavor is unmatched. The spice is sinus clearing I'm from South Florida and we know good food so while in Wisconsin for training for work and wanted to eat really good food and this spot did not dissappoint. Although I couldn't try everything I did have the Etouff and as long as you like spice this is hands down 1 thing you need to order. Plus the employees are very pleasant people. Wish I had found this place early in my trip. Other favorites are the dirty rice and the barbecue beef po'boy. Yum! Nothing better than some NOTO eaten at James Madison Park or Observatory Drive on a beautiful summer day!" The reason why I gave three stars is because the food is slightly overpriced and the bread pudding was really disappointing. I got it because it was a New Orleans tradition but the bread pudding was hard and not very flavorful. I love dessert so if I get something disappointing I get kinda sad. But I would definitely recommend coming here for the main dishes!"  but the price of their red bean & rice is astronomical! Like movie theater popcorn prices!" "That was the worst meal we have ever gotten there...we have pictures of the aweful chicken with white rice and creole sause...the sauce was just tomatoes sauce with some hot sauce...we have never gotten such small wings ever.  We order once a week An ok restaurant. The food tastes pretty good. But not spectacular. (The sweet potato pecan pie is good; unique) Overpriced!!! Cashier was not friendly at all.  it appears things have changed since I was a child.  I was with my parents and we arrived later then our reservations had claimed we would.  The workers were very nice and said they would try to fit us in the best they could.  People kept on walking though the door with reservation after reservation.  We waited maybe 15 minutes until we were seated.  After a short time our waiter came by and rattled through the specials.  Once he left we were unsure of what he actually said.  I knew before I arrived I would order some escargot and decided to go with some kind of halibut special.  The escargot came and did not taste as great as I had remembered.  It was all right  it's an upscale feel but the prices are very low and the food is delicious."  well informed service.  Wine list is good and very reasonable -  Berringer Knights Valley Cab for $30 when it sells at costco for 20+ - great deal."  decent salads and a good wine list.  What more could you ask for?" I think this place would earn 4 stars if the prices were more reasonable. We paid 85 bucks between two of us and that included a bottle of wine for 24 bucks (their cheapest red - which I had before elsewhere and was actually very good). I think this is a good place 5 stars though for the awesome company!!!!"  but expressed concerns over the somewhat long wait time.   It was nearly 10 pm when we left given our 7:30 reservations 3CSaqRNvYg7ZdN2zwxwzVw "Christo's has been one of my favorites for many years - my dad used to take me there when I'd go to the office with him as a little kid (I think they still have some of the same waiters as back then!). It's not the finest Italian food in the city  I hope we get to explore more of the cuisine of the local hood."  none of them really beat this place in terms of authentic Italiian-American atmosphere.  The place is up there with Durant's  but also it was a winter formal night for a high school nearby so I'll let it slide."  and the service and food have both been extremely good. They have a pretty good wine list too here." I enjoy their wine selection and this summer there is a great wine special Mondays through Thursdays. I invite all my foodie friends to give it a try!" More good news!  They even do a take out.  All this and heaven too!" Great food! Great service!" The entire dining experience was very pleasant.  No complaints."  and still love the consistently GREAT food.  This was one of my favorite restaurants when I lived there.  They made perhaps the BEST cannelloni (melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness) and avgolemeno soup (only rival I've found is Taverna Tony in Malibu).  In fact "We have gone to Christos for over 15 years. It has very consistently good food and service. We have tried almost everything on the menu at one time or another and never had a meal less than great. The osso bucco and duck are favorites along with all the fish dishes. Try it "Went to Christo's past Saturday night. Waited about 15 minutes for a table despite reservation. Restaurant was very busy. As usual  the included salad was very basic but good and fresh. For the price we paid my wife and I never had such good food. We both had the dover sole and it was great with perfect service. we both can't wait to return and try the other items"  one of the best in a long time. As usual service was great and the food was outstanding  you get soup and salad with your entree and the service is stellar.  I have been going to this place for over 20 years and (God willing) will continue to go for at least another 20 years." "My wife and I came for restaurant week and were very impressed. THe lobster and shrimp ravioli was amazing. THe house ""red"" was an OK chianti and the flan was top notch! The bruschetta with goat cheese might have been my favorite  but a nice tank top. When I got my salad I was amazed that such a ""high class"" and ""must visit"" restaurant would serve a skimpy salad with iceberg lettuce. At lease when I go to Red Lobster (yikes)  I know what to expect. Needless to say  I would not return to this restaurant nor recommend it. Small tables and cramped. The waiter spoke so fast that we had to have him repeat the specials three times. He served us so fast that I got the feeling he really didn't want us there! We felt uncomfortable even asking him questions and pointing out our issues with one of the entrees. I had the veal piccata and it was perfect! The wine was excellent Christos is ny favorite."  and you also get a soup and/or salad (depending on lunch or dinner). The service is good too. Will definitely return!" I could not hear any more. Hopefully the owner reads this and make this right. I am not seeking anything free I just don't want this to happen to anyone else ... EVER AGAIN" "I have been coming here for years and the quality of the food and service have been consistently 5-star quality every time I dine here. I highly recommend the halibut if you're in Phoenix and you want a good meal "The shrimp risotto is delish. The staff is super friendly and very accommodating. Christos is a ""must do"" for first timers....you'll be hooked." My new place for Italian! Service was over the top and the food was excellent! Would recommend to anyone  and super tasty. The Chilean Sea Bass was perfectly prepared. We had the parisian scallops for an appetizer. DELISH!! And unique. Our service was impeccable. We enjoyed our meal from start to finish."  that's not a problem. They are very accommodating and will go above and beyond to make sure your experience is top notch."  sparkling clean restroom.  If we lived in Phoenix  cesar: ditto. wine list more than adequate and the prices are better than most other places anywhere near this quality! go -- and you'll know!"  I'll give them that. I suppose I came away with the thought that I'd rather have lousy service and good to great food than great service and lousy food. Maybe I should have tried one of the 3  and waiters that are good at their jobs. It seems other reviewers didn't enjoy themselves "The most dependable upscale restaurant I know in Phoenix. First-rate dishes 3CSaqRNvYg7ZdN2zwxwzVw We've already decided to come back again....the problem is who do we want to come with us that we can introduce them to this little jem." I go  to Christo's about 3 times a year.  This place is great.  The food and service are well above standard.  They really take care of you. "Christos is a family-owned Italian restaurant that has been around for more than 30 years. Given that it is still crowded for lunch and dinner most days   I hope that Christo would read  these reviews him self so he knows what goes on when he""s not around.  I will never return or refer anyone and will make sure to let everyone know how rude u employees are specially bartender Stephanie...."  the soup has been a lemon bisque. Honestly with a loaf of bread the soup could easily be served as it's own meal. Now this isn't a trendy Italian place. In fact if you're under 50 you'll probably feel like a youngster here but that's always what I love about it. You will feel like you walked into a different era and everyone seems like a familiar regular."  just right for the strictly senior citizen clientele. My husband had a pasta with Italian sausage and chicken in a marinara sauce. The chunks of canned tomatoes were unappetizing. The one star is awarded for the only good item we ate  the food was great and we will definitely be back." The food here was excellent. ! The service was OK as it was around dinnertime. We did not like the fact that we had to wait for a menu after we were seated. "Very good restaurant and staff. Low prices and moderate 1st time and loved it ! Delicious and fresh  food. Pasta fantasia was perfect and so was the soup and salad before. Dinner was great and so was dessert. Intimate and nice setting at a perfect price. Went for dining out for life event and loved the food and service. nice family owned atmosphere. treat you like you matter. food was cooked to perfection. "We hadn't eaten at Christo's in years.  For my birthday my husband decided to surprise me with a reservation.  Things started poorly.  The hostess walked us towards a table and then pointed. So we sat.  A bus boy brought water but we still sat and waited.  Finally a waiter came and asked us if we wanted drinks.  Then he came back with menus.  He rattled off a long list of specials.  We both decided to try one of the specials.  I really prefer it when the specials are printed out so you can see the details.  I also think to make them "" special"" there should only be a few.  Once our order was placed the rush seemed to be on.  Soup appeared. Then salad. But before I had even finished my salad my Chilean sea bass was in front of me.  I wished I had known the 2 small rectangles of fish were going to be swimming in tomatoes.  I should have asked more questions. The flavor of the sea bass was lost in the tomatoes.  My husband was delighted at what his chicken turned out to be.  We shared a complimentary birthday dessert and left.  There was no one at the  door as we left to thank us or say good bye.  Yes the prices are very reasonable but the food and ambiance are nothing special." I would definitely recommend it but I would try a different main course item." The atmosphere is very outdated - but their demographics are blue hairs  so maybe they're just looking to appeal to the old school crowd.  I'm not opposed to old world recipes as long as they're done well.  From my multiple visits here I find their cuisine adequate  found the atmosphere to be very family and friendly. The meatballs were their lunch special and I must say they were on point. Very tender meat and the pasta was great. Comes with bread and salad and I paid under 10 + tip because the service was great."  will melt away when you take that first bite.  It won't be your last." The service was super excellent...and darn! but I am having a really hard time finding many things not to like at Christo's.  I like the place.  I plan to go back....soon." Looking for a new spot down town try this place service was excellent food if possible even better I am a former catering chef and my wife is a personal chef so when we go out we are very picky and critical but we honestly have not one comp lainteverything from the time you enter the place until you leave is on point no wonder they've been around for 28 years  our waiter was Scott and very pleasant and a real pro the wine list is great and with a happy hour daily you can't go wrong strongly recommend that you try this spot asap Just had the most delightful dinner at Christo's!  I found them to be so accommodating and friendly. They made me a special salad with blackened salmon to my specifications. Delicious! Thank you Stephanie! Tonight I met 20 new Meetup friends at Christos for dinner.  What a great experience.  It's always challenging for a restaurant to handle large groups - but especially large groups with individual checks.  Our Service Team was outstanding and it was seamless that they were handling such a large group.  I had the cioppino with a variety of seafood that was clearly fresh and yummy.  The complimentary soup and bread were memorable on their own.  The only disappointment was the extremely strong fresh pepper on the salad.  The lemon cake...to die for.  Dinner was delizioso. This   was the place to go for Italian food. The place was packed.  Service was very slow . Great bread but they did not  refill my drinks during 2 and half hours we were there. I had shrimp spicy marinara ssuce. The dinner took over 30 minutes . Still inexcusable.  On our bill we we charged for an extra meal again inexcusable . The amount of pasta was small and overcooked and the sauce was too thick. Too many mistakes for a well known restaurant I would definitely recommend making a reservation - I didn't see one empty table the whole time we were there!"  etcetera. I'm from Tuscany so our cuisine is totally different from Southern Italy or even Rome. One ""Italian"" restaurant cannot cook well all the regional dishes  it came with a side of Gnocchi pasta! EXCELLENT! I can not remember for the life of me what my dad ordered but I know he liked it! Both of my parents are 100 percent Italian and are VERY picky on Italian food! They both were very pleased with Christo's! The setting is very old school Phoenix as well! The waiters all seemed to have a few regulars they were helping I tried this place for take out today. I am a short walk away. I found on yelp some pretty good reviews and decided to try it. I had the mussels and a simple salad and was pleasantly surprised! The interior is very nice and welcoming. I could imagine wanting to come here for a romantic dinner. Friendly people too. food was great!!! service was wonderful! small little place with a old school feel but food was amazing along with some of the best service and timing on food was great.  and the meals!  So good!  I basically licked the marinara off the plate.  The prices were out of this world and the food far surpassed my expectations.  I will definitely coming back here!"  and Christo's Ristorante has not disappointed. I had the calamari as an appetizer and the chicken limon as my entree. Both were very delicious. The meal also included soup and salad. I was so stuffed This is my favorite restaurant in Arizona. The food is always delicious and the price is reasonable. My favorite dish is the eggplant Parmesan. We HIGHLY recommend Christo's ... you will never be disappointed...best to make a reservation...many others love this place too!"  which was one of the specials.  It was excellent!  I also had a Greek salad that was almost a meal itself.  I was so stuffed I didn't have room for dessert.  I'll be sure to save room next time." Wonderful ambience and service and very reasonably priced. Very friendly servers and family owned!! Had wonderful calamari as an appetizer!! Highly recommended!! Amazingly delicious Dirty Martini's tonight!!! Hadnt been here in a few years and had lunch here yesterday. It was great! I brought a friend that had never been. She LOVED it. The service was great and the food was fabulous! This is the neighborhood classic. The food never disappoints and the service is excellent. They have amazing weekly specials and their happy hour is great. The only Italian place we go to! "I've raved about this classic restaurant before but because I recently made the mistake of visiting a faux Italian chain in town and had such a horrible experience Went for dinner last night after hearing great things about it. It's was okay. Parking was horrid and food was just okay not wonderful. The soup was wonderful best part of the meal. I might return Best Italian food ever... Love the chicken piccata. I don't leave Phoenix without stopping here. Went here last night with a group for a friend's birthday. Never been before but will definitely be back in the future. Service was on par. Food was incredibly insanely delicious. I had the Chilean Sea Bass. Real not fake like some other establishments. It was probably the best I've ever had. Ever. Enjoyed some Black Sambucca after the meal. It was a great evening with good friends! We ate at Cristo's tonight and had the best Italian dinner ever.  In addition  to the fine food we had great service.....thanks to AJ and Louis.  We are on vacation and will definitely eat there again and recommend to others. It was a great evening.  since the authentic Italian culture is based on welcoming and well-mannered people. Food was outstanding as well. I had the mozzarella caprese followed by the special of the day: halibut piccata. But what really impressed me was the dessert: limoncello cake!!! It's not like the usual American cakes with tons of sugar and frosting...this cake was at the 'right degree' of sweetness who had no regard for anyone else in the restaurant." Come bring some family drama with some calamari "Service was astounding and the food was top notch.  Great suggestions from the server and the ambiance was great  reminiscent of an east coast establishment.   Local diners.  Solid go to for dinner.  Not fine dining grate place to come for dinner siting inside the bar from what I exsperince the bar tender aj was wonderful she was on top of everything it was my first time there she suggested    some options I tried them and they were really good I had the sea food dish that was sesame the snails were good but not the best they had a grate drink section  the crowd is way older then me but there cool to talk to they are all welcoming I hope for the great old Christo's service & quality.  We'll see?" Tried the restaurant  a year later . Service  was better. Place was packed with a waiting list . Again my waiter forgot my drink . Great bread . I had the osobuco  .  The order was larger and extremely  tender I would highly recommend  . The fresh spinach with garlic was great . Big improvement  .  pleasant environment and reasonable pricing. The Dover sole was excellent and our dinner companion said he had never had better sea bass." That's a bargain for this kind of food in this kind of atmosphere with this kind of service!" If you haven't been there yet These guys do it right; this is a great date night spot with an awesome wine list and a menu prepared totally in-house.  Service can't be beat! I will be back for my garlic fix!!" Excellent meal reminded me of a small family restaurant back home from the decor to the attentive staff to even the regular patrons. My dad had pasta with his fish and someone who doesn't really like pasta loved his and wanted for more. Mom had veal and enjoyed it while I had scallops. I loved the quantity and cooking of those scallops and would go back for more. The winner for dessert was the to die for mousse! Will be back but a must for reservations and early for parking as it was limited especially for handicapped. Lastly no booths available so make sure you can sir at the table which were actually comfortable for someone that normally needs a booth.  he does a very good job being rude and has a very high sense of entitlement. Their Happy Hour is wonderful because of their bartender AJ as she understands how to treat people and make them feel welcome. The rest of the staff (mainly) the smug manager need to get over themselves. As  and one picky diner asked for a very simply prepared piece of fish with no oil or butter and she was very pleased.  The waitress came to check that it was just right and it was. All entrees are served with a delicious soup and small dinner salad. Yes "Grab your honey and some pals...Christo's Italian Ristorante is ""Molto bene""! You will not be disappointed.  I had the special   over perfectly cooked pasta. My date had a dish with veggies. She said they needed another minute or so. They were too tough to eat. The cannoli was incredible! I haven't had a real one in almost 2 decades. My girl had a piece of cheesecake. It was also delicious Todd was our server.  He was very pleasant but almost too efficient...he dashed off more than once before catching our wine selection or our dessert orders.  The pace of our meal was also a tiny bit rushed.  That may be what the local area demands but I prefer a leisurely pace.  These two small negatives do not detract from a five star dining experience.  Try Christo's if you want good  relaxing atmosphere.  Great food.  Chicken parmesan and chicken Genovese.  Yum." A good place to eat if you live near but I wonder if they will still be around years from now."  the sauce on the scampi and zucchini was made for scooping up with the hot bread for sure.  One person at our table had the goat cheese bruschetta and the goat cheese was delicious.  For the main entree 2  out of the 4 got the squid ink lobster ravioli and shrimp dish Excellent Restaurant Week value even on Saturday night! Really good food and service and a nice glass of wine as well. Not a bad thing to say...we'll be back! "Made reservations for 7:00 tonight and let them know it was a birthday celebration for my husband.  We arrived a bit early and sat in the bar and met our sons there.  We were brought to our table.  The waiter seemed a bit scatterbrained Mostly clientele over 60 years of age" Not a pleasant experience after the drive."  but this is one of the best places to come if you are." Food is good for those who can flip the bill but not nearly good enough to charge what they do."  but only for an extra special occasion or if I can claim it as a business expense and get reimbursed!" Service was prompt and polite and everyone is extremely buttoned-up.  A great place for celebrating a special occasion or just feeling fancy." Sometimes I remember that lunch and I shake my head. Never mind it was for business. Never mind I didn't have any wine. Never mind I had to go back to work after wards. I still rate that lunch and this restaurant at 5 stars. Imagine how wonderful this could be if you order a glass of wine and go for a special occasion with a special someone. Wow. Talk about needing more stars for that!"  I could not eat it.  My server was very apologetic.  And then the manager immediately appeared as if he had been shot out of a canon.  He apologized profusely.  I was very understanding  Capital Grille gave us a very pleasant dining experience (aside from a couple of wasted chicks who were way too loud)  the oyster and shellfish platters were well done and exceptionally fresh especially when you consider we are in the middle of the desert. The Kona Sirlon was cooked to absolute perfection and the rub composed of coffee and other seasonings gave you all the more reason to linger over every bite. The dinner service was absolutely perfect "Loved sitting outside on a Spring night. We had 8 people at the table and decided to get multiple apps  arrived on time but were not seated for 20 minutes. Service was friendly and knowledgable but it took forever to get our entrees - about 45 minutes AFTER our appetizer was finished and gone. I ordered Steak Oscar and I'm pretty sure they had grill running WAY too hot - my steak was crispified on the outside and rare on the inside. The desserts were the highlight of the meal and they had a good selection of wines by the glass. My first impression: overpriced and overrated." Seldom had better service and the food was terrific. I prefer this type of steak house to Morton's or Ruth's Chris....YMMV "Capital Grill is what is is. A steakhouse chain. It's predictable and classy atmosphere is great for business entertaining. With so many food options here in Phoenix Perfect for a special nite out or a group in the private room."  steak is not supposed to be chewy.  One would expect much more for the price."  hosted a luncheon for 60 persons in a private setting. Service has always been impeccable and the food is distinguished." QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA  because I honestly did not feel the staff gave two fucks about me the whole time I was there. Garbage. I grabbed a card on the way out from I believe was the hostess. Torri McFarland...you and your staff from the top down got work to do this place sucks!!!" Side recommendation:  Mac and Cheese w/ Lobster =D" "I was there on Friday night in a ""private party"" room for a Law School graduation dinner with about 50 other people in our party so we ordered from a Pre-selected menu which I think is a novel idea..especially with a group of 50. I'd been before and enjoyed my fillet much more the previous time. Our server said medium would be hot pink in the middle and well...I was looking for a little bit more brown Went to CG again tonight and definitely redeemed itself. Had the lobster bisque soup for appi and shared the sliced filet mignon with cippolini onions and wild mushrooms with my girlfriend and was definitely very happy with this selection. The fresh warm hot rolls were exceptional as well. Definitely a fun time. May be even willing to give Bourbon Steak a second try...especially because it's so close to home! I WOULD go back to N. Scottsdale for a Wine & Dine but i would never suggest getting a ""10"" on the Snob-O-Factor here." Would I go back and pay full price. NO. This is not a place for something new or different and the quality was below par." I would definitely love to go back again!"  not just for the food but also for the experience...it truly represents fine dining well!"  seriously fancy (I'm from the rez okay - so this is crazy fancy in my world)  and has GREAT service and even better steak... this is the place for you! But you better have the cash to pay for it all! lol but if you have the money honey and a need to wine and dine then trust me sweetie Capital Grille has the time! Just call ahead for reservations!"  right before we left the bartender leaned over and said ""Come back on a day when it isn't a holiday and we'll get the kitchen to make you some steak tar tar.  They do it for me all the time."" Bless you Good steak because it is prime meat but not to a par....beautiful place.  Good service but not great service.....  the best crab cake and amazing pineapple martinis."  but it sure was a foodie experience!  My favorites were the calamari and the flourless chocolate cake.  The rest of the group I dined with enjoyed it all as well... You cannot go wrong with escaping the heat this summer and spending an evening at The Capital Grille with their special tasting menus!"  there is no better place to be than the Capital Grille at the Biltmore Fashion Park. The bartender was quick with a linen napkin to wipe my face and refreshed the Campari and Coke I had begun. My depression was short and my solace began with the Bar Menu Lamb Amazing food and excellent service. LOVED the porcini rubbed delmonico. Next time I will go with a friend or 3 who are ready for a fine meal." "Bad food and terrible service.  Went here during restaurant week with a large group of friends and everyone was disappointed.  The service was slow and disrespectful and I'm not sure I would have fed my rubber steak to the dog.  I'm not one to go out of my way to write a bad review unless the place really deserves it  I had the tenderloin with poached lobster and my husband had the sirloin. Both steaks had amazing flavor and sear to them. The lobster was succulent! We shared a side of the mashed pots...best restaurant mashed I've ever had. Finished with a creme brulee and blood orange sorbet with biscotti...both very tasty and perfectly portioned. I've been in the restaurant industry for years...including fine dining. Had our server been just a little bit more personable Its pricey...but great places like this should be. And believe me Highly recommended for any occasion." Creme brulee was also very good." Great food- finest Cognac-Great service.  No complaints Overall I would highly recommend this place. I am definitely coming back here on my next business trip."  and a sauce. The kc strip with roquefort cheese and crispy onions on top could have been amazing if cooked properly though it can't really hold a candle to Mastros. Dessert was unimpressive as well and really uninspired. Obviously left feeling disappointed and bewildered how this place stays in business with so many amazing restaurants around..." I have eaten here for years and the food is always very consistent and excellent. I really enjoy their lobster bisque. I have never had a bad meal or experience here. Wish they had a daily happy hour."  it is a great place for guys to go for dinner who are really looking for dinner. I think I need more... of something."  but in a good way.  Tasty.  Abu J had his usual cheeseburger (though no anymore).  I'm sure I'll be here again sometime as he has his ""paper route"" and doesn't care much to deviate from it."  the lobster for me simply served to detract from the dish and was a little tough. I am not much a drinker and the boyfriend loves beer so we were happy to hear they had a fair beer selection as well as wine. We split the flourless chocolate cake so my boyfriend could finally make good with his mom who forgot to bring some cake home when he was 14 lol. The cake was simple but good. I just think I could have beaten it at home...then again I have sort of a chocolate obsession. Beautiful place My facebook status update right after dinner: ""I will be thinking about this meal for weeks.""" Overall: A top restaurant that I will definitely return to if only to have the steak tartare."  you must order the Lobster Mac and cheese for your side!!!!! Its my favorite side dish in the world. Its so rich  cheesy and wonderful!  Capital Grille ranks up there with Morton's in my book for sure! I'm so glad there's one in the L.A. area...I'll go again next time I have a reason to spend $$$$ on a meal!" "AMAZING... let me start off with that.  So I originally made reservations to Ruth's Chris for my boyfriend's birthday dinner but I saw the menu for Capital Grille and immediately changed my mind and I'm so glad I did.  I made reservations on their website and mentioned it was my boyfriends birthday.  When we got there  I made the mistake of ordering my salad with dressing on the side. This caused 59 people to be served and one to sit and wait at least 15 minutes for lettuce and tomato assembly. These guys may be fine for dinner   coconut cream pie.  We also had several bottles of wine the best of which was named ""The Boxer.""   The bread basket they provide is also great.  All food items prepared correctly for everyone the first time.   The restaurant does have the feel of a gentleman's club and is expensive.    Give this Capital Grille location a try for your next special evening out."  we had a great time. The service was great and a majority of the meal was perfect!"  all our needs met.  Happy time!  Just prob. won't go back for steaks.  Ruth's and Hillstone are MUCH better." i recommend the lobster and crab stuffed shrimp and sam's mashed potatoes! you won't be disappointed. and if you're feeling adventurous To the chefs at The Capital Grille... well done! To the waitstaff... sigh... just... sigh."  but if you need something they are right there to get it.  Parking is a little painful "Our recent party of five dined at Capital Grille in celebration of a business accomplishment. We found the food excellent and the service impeccable. The management went out of their way to accommodate us with a quiet round table that was fitting for the occasion. The dining ambience was subdued Thanks go to Lindsey once again.... Well done! (steakhouse pun intended)"  and we could hear each other!  THANK You Lindsay and Gabi for such a wonderful time....YOU GUYS RULE!!!!!!" Yelp: You guys did such an great job putting this amazing event together. Lindsey and Gabi it was so nice to finally meet you. Thanks for the fun afternoon and we look forward to seeing you at the next event."  everything was FANTASTIC!!   The biggest shrimp I have ever enjoyed right next to the cool Yelp ice sculpture that proves YELP is the 'coolest!' (Ha!)  This was a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon!  Thank you YELP and thank you Capital Grille!!" http://www.flickr.com/photos/yelp/sets/72157629092996001/" So a huge round of applause to all the folks at Capital Grille and to Lindsey for another spectacular Elite event.  With January events at both the Pointe and Capital Grille Thank you Capital Grill was hosting this wonderful event!  This is a great intimate affair with fellow Elite Yelpers!  Huge thanks to Lindsey and the Yelp Team! 2012 is turning into a fantastic year of Yelp events!"  but who know to put it between a bun and make it a burger.  The Filet sandwich was soft; I thought it would've slide right off after the first bite QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA  and introducing me to an establishment that is definitely a place to bring family and friends to for a truly spectacular dining experience."  and the Capital Grille for hosting such an amazing and memorable event!" Had a blast  and I look forward to the next event!" A huge Thank You to the amazing staff at the Capital Grille and to resident Yelp Rockstar Lindsey for hosting such a fantastic event." This was probably the best Yelp even I've ever been to.  Tons of great food and drink.  Capital Grille was promoting their new lunch menu and everything they were sampling was great.  From the shrimp to the tenderloin sliders everything was top notch.  I only wish I worked closer to a Capital Grille because I would definitely do lunch there.  So until they open for lunch during the weekend I will be unable to enjoy more of their lunch stuffs. Thank you again Lindsay and everyone and Capital Grille for such an amazing event Can't wait to go back!!" The event itself was effortlessly cool and a pleasant place to meet new Yelp friends. Thank you Lindsay and The Capital Grille for such an awesome event!" Great event!  Thanks Yelp!  Thanks Lindsey! And Thanks Capital Grille!" Best place for lobster and steak hands down...besides Ocean Club at Kierland lol" Thank you especially to all the wonderful wait-staff who answered every question and fulfilled every request!"  the lemonade was perfect! I love my little grab bag and box of truffle chocolate goodness. I brought my friend with me and she praised Yelp and Capital Grille up and down. I can't wait to go back and make use of my free drink coupon!"  we left.  But not before the hostess said thanks for coming in. Needles to say I will not be returning." I would almost say I am happy these events don't come around too often  Gabi and all for a fantastic afternoon!  Did I mention the very savvy decor?  Or the fact that they opened early for us and nobody else was there?  Impressed!" A huge thanks to Lindsey and Gabi for putting together this amazing event.  Lots of love to Nader for capturing it all on film so we can remember just how good we Elites have it for years and years to come.  And last but certainly not least  I'll be seeking out a Captial Grille." There's a slight men's-club feeling to the place and I wouldn't describe it as trendy  even though we told her we were in a hurry with theater tickets waiting. We were seated at a dark table in the corner right next to another table where we could enjoy each others conversations whether we wanted to or not. Jarrid the waiter was in the weeds and continually ignored us the entire meal. Asking if we were ready to order and when we said yes  and it was so good.  I have had their flour-less chocolate cake before and it is crave-able.  It works out to be an affordable and amazing lunch spot Cap grille is consistently good from city to city. Service is exceptional and the food is amazing. We enjoyed some Prisoner wine that actually didn't have the crazy steak house mark-up you might expect.  wanting to know how the experience was. I have never gotten that kind of attention from a restaurant before  the sirloin sliders were ok. While one of my sliders was cooked to the perfect medium rare as I had asked the other one was closer to medium well and a little charred. The green beans while they did have great flavor they were unfortunately not very hot. John ordered the clam chowder followed by the Wagyu Cheeseburger and truffle Fries. The cheeseburger was overcooked he has asked for a medium and it came out well I have always had a great meal here.  I don't think the experience and food is as put together as their competitors.  The waitress also seemed a bit joyless which didn't help the experience.  With so many better options We had a spectacular time. I would recommend them above all for a steak I consider myself fortunate enough to have had a business lunch here a few weeks back. The food was excellent. Steak and potatoes just what a man wants! It was very well done and finished with a 3 berry cheesecake. Worth the moolah!  the meal was excellent. I probably ate about 3000 calories....sorry thighs....but if I got to choose a place to destroy my diet Will be back.... during the summer when they have essentially the same deal if you dine after 8pm... otherwise the bills around here tend to look like car payments." For dessert we shared the flourless chocolate cake and the creme brulee. I have honestly never tasted better creme brulee in my life. It was perfect! The cake was good too  so moist and creamy. The crme brulee was a little rich but the fresh fruit they put on top made it much better. Dinner ran about 60 dollars a person not including the wine. It was by far one of the most expensive meals that I have had but it was well worth it and I will most likely be going back. The service is customarily outstanding and the staff's wine and food knowledge is exceedingly above board. The waiters were well dressed and were well spoken. It was great not to have some ditsy waitress for once! No matter what questions you have regarding the restaurant they know it all. The decor is just what I expect from an old school traditional steakhouse The best steaks anywhere. This is a definite try for my upscale foodies."  which my mom only said that it wasn't the best and it wasn't the worst spinach salad she has had. They gave us an on the house coconut cream pie to go. Which I took one bite when I got home and threw it away. Very disappointing when you spend this much money and receive this type of service and quality of food. We might as well set $500 on fire." My second fav steak house!! But the final action that really put the experience over the top was when the bill was supposed to come and instead the manager said dinner was on them.  They did not want to leave us with a bad experience (esp. considering it was our first time there.). I tried telling him this was unnecessary as they already more than made up for many issues.  They insisted...so the waiter ended up with a pretty good tip out of it.  That was all class though and made me feel quite good about our dining choice. The way they handled things and the food quality even prior to that would have gotten them at least 4 stars.  But the fact they have proven themselves a class act...that puts them over the top.  We will be back." My family visited for my son's 30th birthday. The table was decorated and a card signed by all the employees addressed to my son was at his spot. The food was perfect from the lobster bisque to the trio of ice cream. It's a favorite place of ours. Great steaks...good desserts even better service! Dined here again last evening.  Food was exceptional in a very comfortable yet upscale setting. This is my favorite restaurant." "I wanted to get a killer steak and we found our way to The Capital Grille. I am usually a bit gun shy with these high-end restaurants because they often times don't live up to the hype. This was NOT teh case with The Capital Grille! We made a reservation and were seated promptly. Our server was super personable and not snotty in the least bit The capital grille never fails!  The lobster and crab stuffed shrimp is absolutely amazing and the parmesan truffle fries are to die for!  The service is always top notch and they are on top of refills.  The valet out front is awesome and of course the overall atmosphere is great.  drinks and atmosphere in spite of the sky-high prices." Can't say enough about the service though. Really really wonderful at every level."  knowledgeable and generous.  He was remarkable.  We were in the restaurant past closing and were never once pressured (or even aware) that we were the last patrons.  Each member of the team in (and out) of the restaurant were absolutely amazing."  and dinner every day if money or having a heart attack wasn't an issue." The wegde salad is wonderfully blue cheesy and always enjoy the entrees.  Also love there sorbets.  and you can't beat their signature pineapple infused vodka (Stoli Doli) martini! The staff is friendly and attentive. If you like a steakhouse with a warm wood ambiance and outstanding food I have had this treatment at every Capital Grilled location I have been to.  You cannot go wrong at this place.  Its the perfect restaurant to celebrate a special occasion." We have a fabulous meal at the Capital Grille...so many options and all delicious...our only complaint is that the wine we ordered was listed as a 2008 and it arrived as a 2010..we were told that was what they had and no price difference.  It was very young..but we drank it anyway.... I highly recommend it. I've also eaten in the main dining room and it is flawless."  our meal was really good except for Sputum Queen in the next booth. I hope she gets pneumonia if she doesn't already. Bitch." Absolutely going back again." Excellent - great service and good (not great) food. I'd recommend it.  Sarah provided exceptional service and charm that added value to my experience.  Kevin and Methune also provided quality service earlier this week.  Fantastic!" I will definitely be back to this location mainly for the awesome service I I recieved at the bar tonight!" I absolutely love this restaurant. The first experience I had at Capital Grille was in Los Angeles at the Beverly Center. From that moment on this was my FAVORITE restaurant. The food and service at any location is superb. I always get the rack of lamb with macaroni and cheese (no lobster) and their creamy bacon corn! This food will have your mouth watering every time you think about it! I went to this particular location on Valentine's Day with my husband. Everyone from the front desk hostess to the bartender and waiter was phenomenal! To have your service just as spectacular as the food is a win win combination. The atmosphere is warm and inviting and very intimate. They have a killer wine list and your waiter will break everyone of them down for you! Capital Grille is a 5 star dining experience for sure! I recommend anyone to try it at least once! This place makes you want to become a member of the military-industrial complex." Do your self a favor and book your next reservation at Morton's 480-951-4440 or Ruth's Chris (602) 957-9600 which is across the street if you want a good steak."  and beautifully done.  A peeve of mine is having a bunch of useless stuff on my plate that just gets thrown away.  Plating can be beautiful without all that Best bar in town! I am very particular about my Martinis.......the bartendes at CG know their s**t. Add that to great food and awesome location......can't beat evening! !  really wowed by the indescribably delicious food and impeccable service. Everything -- every single detail was flawless.  The prime rib and the lobster eggs benedict just sent us swooning "This restaurant is for the rich kids that had never eaten any other fine food in the world other than steaks : ) Pricy steak (cow that is not even organically raised). Salmon that is farm raise(Atlantic). The steak that is almost tasteless. Veggies that are plain but buttery. The server was kind of racist (only asked what my white friend wants to drink  I love the Dining after Dark special offered by Capital Grille in the sumertime even more. The deals offered if you eat after eight at night any night of the week during the summer are mind boggling. The food is excellent highly recommended for the serious meat eater."  but it reminded me of going to Olive Garden where they pour salt all over your food to mask the lack of quality. This perhaps was even worse than Olive Garden with a steep bill at the end. Horrible. Even their infamous Pineapple Martini was a bust this time. I don't don't what is going on over there but I will NEVER return. Too many other great restaurants to visit to waste my time on Capital Grille."  it was a decent meal and while the service started off outstanding And take home some dessert. You will be happy you did."  he constantly forgot simple things and was totally unattentive... so after 5 things and 2 hrs into dinner we requested the manager who was just the same and sarcastic on top of everything else! For a $300.00 meal that was average at best. Thank goodness the company I was with was wonderful!!!! Too many other choices to be treated the way we were :( I was so disappointed that I wrote corporate headquarters! To be continued when I hear back from them!!!!"  (which is not for the faint of heart) and also the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes.  The couple next to us ordered burgers and a wedge salad that I definitely can't wait to come back and try. My only complaint is that they needed to stock up on Tito's vodka for their martinis."  warm and welcoming. This is the place to come for dinner or simply cocktails or the ""to die for"" flour less chocolate cake." "Amazing experience! Great Great service! Highly recommend! Amazing martini service/pour.  Bountiful wine pours with their samplings.  Food was to die for.  If you want service  yet not over bearing.  Even had the valet pull our cars as we settled the tab.  Very nice touch."  there is a pretty good chance you will find me in a place like this. I am drooling as I write this review. The Capital Grille at the Biltmore is the perfect place to take a break from shopping. Sit at the bar and have a couple cocktails and some calamari and you will be ready for some more shopping with the gf. Could be dangerous shopping if you have one too many FYI." Would recommend trying another steak house."  from the crab cakes and lamb chops to the flourless chocolate cake and cheesecake. It was an adventure in dining and a memorable evening.  All at our table will be back!"  but ok I walked away feeling like steak greatness was found." I would recommend that you try the lamb chops or Filet Oscar if you've never been here.  The carpaccio is also a must try.  Never had this dish before but it made me love the stuff.  They have a huge selection of wine to choose from and the ambience is very relaxed with dim lighting and jazz music playing in the background.  I always come back because they never disappoint. "We're from out of town and  came here thinkiing it was your typical grill type restrauant.  We realize right away when we entered and saw the decor that we had made a mistake.  So much for not noticing the dollar signs on Yelp.  However we made the best of the situation.  We skipped drinks and dessert.  The main entrees were delicious.  The service was amazing!  They were so attentive.  If we ever have a special occasion "Food was great! The main lobster is so tender and the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella is amazing with the balsamic glaze. Although Yes pricey but some things you need to try.   This is one of them."  not amazing but really good for a big group of about 25-30. The group was very high maintenance and the staff and servers did a stellar job serving and taking care of special needs. Service was too long great steaks and servoce  and I do not love coconut cream pie - but there is something utterly amazing about this dessert that doesn't make me think of coconut. A great crust with soft filling  great service and great atmosphere!" The Captial Grill totally impressed me and I will definitely be going back."  all of which were very tasty.  The waitress then brought out a cucumber salmon appetizer which we did not order but was very delicious.  I opted for the special of two filet minon tenderloins topped with shrimp scampi.  TO DIE FOR!!!  The meat was tender and cooked just right and the scampi sauce was like no scampi sauce I've ever had before which made it so delicious!  The scampi sauce on top of the steak...amazing!!!  My husband had the Dry Aged Sirloin Steak which had great flavor and was very moist and tender.  We ordered a side of asparagus to share which was also very good but maybe had a bit too much lemon flavor for my taste.  We opted to skip dessert because our meal was so filling and delicious but because it was our anniversary they brought us dessert anyway.  It consisted of a light and fluffy cheesecake brle that was out of this world as well as a flourless chocolate cake that was also delicious.  Both desserts were served with a side of fresh berries and sauce.  Our experience at The Capital Grille was second to none and I would definitely suggest this place to anyone!!"  highly recommend.  I really don't think you can go wrong with Capital Grill." A nearly perfect dinner. My husband and I took my meat and potato loving parents to Capital Grille for restaurant week. The service was impeccable. Our waiter was knowledgable and very accommodating. I don't eat meat and hate salmon which were the options for restaurant week. He got me bass.It was so good. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned to perfection. . The lobster mac and cheese was great as a side. It was creamy and not fishy. The calamari appetizer was perfect. It had peppers which made it spicy. My husband and parents got the prime rib and said it was great. The meal was expensive but worth it. Have a great day enjoy good food." "I really love this Capital Grille! This location at Biltmore has always been spot on. Made a reservation for our anniversary here the night before Valentines Day. We arrived about 10 minutes early and our car service was met with awesome valet guys. We sat at the bar and had pre-dinner cocktails. I've always been treated so well at this particular Capital Grille from valet to valet. I love that when your table is ready they take your tab and your drink for you to your table. This night was our anniversary of a year and our table had rose petals scattered all over it. How nice is that?! We started with a seafood tower. It's our one year and hey - I learned an amazing piece of information about their giving. Every day Must visit Steakhouse for 2014!" "One of the best American Steakhouses. This is the second time I've been to this location  and everything was delicious.  It is like they have someone singing sweet lullabies and nurturing each plate of food in the back.  If you get a chance Celebrated dropping our son off for college with his mother's birthday. Our server Carolann was delightful. She delivered complimentary champagne and dessert. We will be repeat customers!  but I'd definitely like a ""next time""... my husband's birthday is coming up!"  great classic menu and the ambience of the Phoenix/Camelback restaurant is the best!"  ordered two bottles of wine and without asking they opened two additional bottles and kept pouring. Watch your bill at this restaurant." We are still full from the experience but will be back!"  was exceptional. I know he had other tables but we felt like he was there just for us. The food was delicious. The shrimp cocktail was great and you must try the calamari. Yum! The steaks were juicy and flavorful. The lobster mac and cheese was decadent. I could eat it every day and still want more. We had a wine tasting special at our table. It was fun to see if we could guess what kind each was. The whites were easier than the reds. We had a complimentary dessert duo; cheesecake and something rich & chocolate. The cheesecake was my favorite. I love food and am not easily impressed but I was impressed with my meal. From beginning to end we thoroughly enjoyed every moment. Don Goodwin  a 16 ounce bone in filet. I have never seen this on a menu before. WOW! It was superb. We finished the evening with a cappuccino and an anniversary dessert plate. We recommend The Capital Grille for any special occasion.  We will be back again soon." "My husband and i spent his birthday Tuesday night with Ricky. The service and suggestions were amazing-we loved the wine and splitting the delmonico with two different preparations. Outstanding service Amazing dinner and service!  Filet was cooked perfectly.  If you are celebrating a special night and a meat eater - Go there you won't be disappointed. I'm a vegetarian and was invited to a party at this restaurant. The veg. pasta was amazing and the appetizers and desserts were amazing!!! I can only imagine what the meat tasted like but everyone loved it. I think we started a new tradition for Thanksgiving -- skip the work and be thankful for The Capital Grille" Gorgonzola Filet was phenomenal & my Dad enjoyed his turkey dinner last night! Terry was our server and he was great! Definitely asking for him next time we go!!  fun place for a date but I usually go with my dad and just sit at the bar. The bar is also a god place to have a business meeting. They have my favorite little candies everywhere." QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA  no plain salad options. Not offered when I indicated why I couldn't eat the soup. So skip that. The ""vegetarian"" options was a  ""chef's vegetarian selection"". So of course I inquired... Yep described as ""a big pile of grilled vegetables"" hummm... So no sides? Just plop a pile and call it a day?  Wow. Impressive. I can skip that. Chocolate cake? Ok I'm down  just park in the free lot or garage behind Saks and Macy's.  Or just valet it if paying a little doesn't matter to you." I went there for dinner.  Very nice ... The food was excellent.  I ordered the bone-in filet with the twice-baked potato ... Perfectly prepared and delicious.  Coconut cream pie was a perfect way to end the meal!! The wait staff was very attentive.  Overall a great experience.  I will definitely return if I'm in the area."  as I've never had or even fathomed it with peppers. I worked around those and the squid itself was good Thank you for making our evening so wonderful."  & almost tasteless; however the Lemonade is really good. I changed it to the lemonade. I ordered the Seared Salmon salad. My friend ordered the ribeye sandwich. Both were very good. Mine was very tasty!!!!"  we couldn't have had a more pleasant experience or better meal.  My steak was done perfectly and the twice baked potatoes were the best I've ever had.  Much has been written about the lobster mac & cheese and every mouthful was worth a mention. The bartender made the best mojitos in the Valley and even dropped by our table to ensure our cocktails were to our liking!  It's not often that a bartender checks in on the diners.  Everything about The Capital Grille exceeded our expectations."  and they don't have that steak taste to them. We all ordered them medium cooked as well."  and one vegetable side came to just less than $200. I added a $75 tip to show our appreciation. Next time we're in town we'll make sure to visit them again." QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA I'll definitely come by Kia any time next time I'm in Phoenix this'll be the first place I eat."  Ryan. He had great recommendations and impeccable service. One of the best steaks that I've had! I had the bone-in filet with the Oscar (crab meat and sauce). I'm not much into chain restaurants  witty and charming. The staff is extremely friendly and treated my mother and I very well. I cannot emphasize the quality of service here. This is fine dining at its best. The food is wonderful and tasteful. If you have the pleasure request ken as your server and you will understand high quality service Great food & service is great food & service - chain or not. The Capital Grille Phoenix definitely sets the bar to new heights for excellence in service. Any restaurant that wants to consider themselves to be a competitor in Food & Beverage should look to TGC Phoenix as a role model. They will always have my business."   they did put some confetti on the table for my father in laws birthday." Thanks again Manager Don Goodwin & our server Ricky Reyes for aiding in a great night out." "Great restaurant. My father took me there for my birthday. When we got there (15 minutes early) the table was already set and waiting for us. The staff had showered the table with little happy birthday decorations. Thought it was a nice touch. Above and beyond that "fancy place with great service... but "High priced steak house the servers and wait staff was not up to par for this level of dining. Salty food Service was excellent. I mean really excellent. I can't even find one thing to complain.  Capital Grille is located throughout the United States. If the service and food is consistent everywhere Wow compared to the north Scottsdale location this place needs help. North scootsdale service and food service far superior   We sat near the bar in what they deem lounge seating. Don't do it. You're better off at the bar  I really appreciate the great service.  I would love to go back and try their other cuts of steak.  But as far as having a dinner presentation there...A+" "we had dinner there tonight. they were not very clear on the difference between the restaurant week menu and normal menu which caused mass confusion after the food was on the table. we also seemed to be an inconvenience to the waiter as he seemed annoyed by our simple requests. also they failed to fill water glasses and drinks in a timely manner. the bartender did not know how to make a slow gin fiz. they couldn't add the drinks from the bar because the waiter couldn't do the math i guess so we had to calculate. the placed lacked culture and I would suggest Durrants if you like real fine dining with legitimate customer service. to be fair  if you have money for the finer things in life Wow is all I can say. From the onion bread to the spicy calamari cooked to perfection my appetizers were delicious. Also ordered the scallops as well as the lobster mac n cheese which is heavenly to say the least. Wish I could come back everyday!! This place is amazing!  Great food and they make you feel as though you are the only customer in the place.  We come here for all our birthdays and anniversaries. We've dined here many times and never have been disappointed."  all this greasy buttery sauce will cover up the need to season this piece of meat! I would expect this from a Denny's restaurant after a night of clubbing while in college - not for a nice sit down restaurant. I think I've had better steak at Outback Steakhouse. My boyfriend had the filet on the bone. It came out looking like a barbaric slab of meat from the stone ages - again the most bland seasoning you've ever experienced with a steak! Thank God this place had A-1 steak sauce to save grace - he drowned his steak in this to give it some flavour. Pretty sad when you have to ask for steak sauce at a fine dining establishment. Typically a good steak  fantastic wine selection. Expensive but well worth the experience."  only because it has great streak but because they serve Fresca!  It's next to impossible to find and they actually have it.  I love Fresca and Citrine vodka so it's nice to have a cocktail before dinner.  The sides are huge which is good because everything is a la carte (the only downside)." I think I feel another Capital Grille jones coming on..." "My husband and I were craving a quality steak and decided to try The Capital Grille.  It didn't disappoint.  Jennifer R. was our waitress; she was very friendly This is a great restaurant. The food is great. I usually get the mango salmon salad which is my favorite. I have tried the French onion soup as well and it is delicious! The staff is very friendly and the service is great. The place itself is very nice inside. I definitely recommend Capital Grille! Service was A+ and made sure we were well taken care of." I called management. I don't think they care." Everything on their menu looked amazing and I wanted to try all of it. I look foreword to our next visit." "The food was fantastic and the service was excellent. I had the dry aged sirloin with steak frites and the steak was perfect. We were all asking ourselves when we last had anything so good. The fries were crispy and thin and perfectly salted. The dressing on the mixed green salad was bland but let's face it  you can choose your choice of soup or salad and an entree! {And of course their amazing bread basket}. Their entree options include; Dry Aged Sirloin Steak Frites with Red Eye Jus  you know that there are endless great restaurants all over the Valley! The Capital Grille is definitely one of them!" The wine/burger combo is definitely a great promotion when available. Capital Grille is definitely great for a date night out For these prices expected a lot better experience." This is by far my most favorite restaurant! The service is impeccable and the food is awesome! I've celebrated my birthday here and special occasions. I experienced issues with one of my reservations and the hostess helped me out and provided me stellar service. QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA You never get a second chance to make a first impression.  Sorry Wow just wow!  Dry rub aged porterhouse steak was tender juice and just melted in my mouth.   Desert was unbeatable.   They killed their cheese cake honestly better then cheesecake factort. The only complaint I have was it took forever to get our food.  delicious!  I absolutely saved room for dessert and it was well worth it. The cheesecake is one of my favorite desserts and one of the best I've had. I'll definitely be going back."  Mac & cheese w/ lobster was truly delightful and the coconut cream pie was phenomenal!  Pretty pricey ... Would have been 5star if just a bit more affordable!" Best steaks ever!! The best service ever!! The beat cheesecake I really liked this place the only little thing that bothered me was how rude two of the bartenders were but the rest of the staff great My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our 1 year anniversary on a recommendation from one of my friends.. I have to say it's one of the best steak houses we've been too in Phoenix.. We ordered the pan fried calamari with hot peppers which were absolutely delicious.. Then we ordered The Porcini Rubbed Bone-In Ribeye and the porter steak and a side of mashed potatoes.. Both steaks were amazing but both my boyfriend and I enjoyed the porcini rubber bone in ribeye a little bit more.. The ppl who worked there were amazing.. They decorated our table along with getting a free glass of champagne and a sampler of a small chocolate cake and cheese cake complimentary for our anniversary..This place is AMAZING!! Went there the other night and we also had the waiter from hell....he was inattentive the whole evening. We had to ask other waiters to help us. The list could go on of all the things he didn't do...moreover...The Filet Mignon was dry and  the bone in steak that my husband had was tasteless. We have been there several times over the years and never had a bad experience...but this time it was enough to not go back or recommend it to our friends.  superb side dishes! Rebecca our server was informative and courteous. I come to expect a level of professionalism when paying a considerable amount for a meal and unfortunately the experience was just not up to par on the prices they command in that ice teas were brought initially and then never refilled after the meal had started. A bottle of wine would have likely been ordered had we been checked on until after our meal was finished but we were not. In using the restroom I did find servers and hostesses that were in the customer bathroom complaining about whos got whos tables which just left a really bad impression. I just feel like the overall experience based upon these occurrences left a bad taste in my mouth  med-rare. The staff is friendly and attentive. There seems to be an older crowd when I go. The atmosphere is nice. Make sure to use your table manners here. It's pricey outstanding service from the time you walk-in they have you r table set before you sit down they address for bye your name the whole time me we one I had to wait for them to refill anything thus is the service they you should get at this caliber restaurant the food was just as grate the calamari was different it was spicy but good the new York was cook to perfection  the cream spinach was not the best I've ever had. it it was tasty as well I'll be back for Shir Great food and service. Steak cooked perfectly. Overpriced food and wine but always consistent. Will definitely be back next time I'm in the area." had to drop a star because the server wasn't a good as the last time we were in had to ask for refills he didn't just do it he only can back around when he brought the food now the food was awesome I had the mushroom crusted steak that was grate wife had lamb chop the jelly that they served was the best that I ever had I think it was fig the salmon was good as well get the apple cobbler it was amazing  the experience's we've had since then have not been fitting for a restaurant of this caliber (and not to mention price). The Au Gratin potatoes have been consistently tasty  it absolutely exceeded my expectations and the service was outstanding!  When you ask for a steak cooked exactly to your liking  I'm still smacking my lips! The brussels sprouts were delicious as were the other sides. I will say the drinks were pricy QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA The hubby brought me here for our Anniversary dinner. I loved the dim lighting and the nice Anniversary table layout they had for us. The mignon was very good and not to mention the complimentary dessert to help celebrate our special day. It was lovely.  and the service is usually well above average. I always leave fat and happy."  which is vodka infused with fresh pineapple and served straight up. It was excellent! We also were treated to a variety of appetizers such as shrimp cocktail and risotto balls. The shrimp were huge and so fresh and don't even get me started on how delicious the risotto balls were. The best part was there was a raffle for a $100 gift certificate and I won! So we are very much looking forward to returning for lunch or dinner and trying some more selections off the menu. This is very much a special occasion kind of place. Not the kind of place we would be able to frequent often on our budget Great food and outstanding service. Had the Mediterranean salad and was one of the best I've had. Great place for a business lunch. Would recommend this place to anyone"  she assured me that it wouldn't be that tough. She was right and I was so full that I bought home the other half. My husband ordered the lobster frittata which was really good. The lobster tails were so sweet!  We have never had a bad meal here and having great service made this meal even better!!!" This is why I'm giving 3 stars. If it has a bit less prices it would be great  but my husband's salmon was even better. They know how to make the outside crispy while the inside of the salmon is like butter. The plates all come out together with this sort of marching band presentation that really impresses diners. They're trying these new iPads for drink orders that don't work that well with only one per table....hard copy menus make more sense (we sometimes get carried away w technology!) rather than trying to pass one iPad around an entire table. Lastly QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA My daughter took me there for birthday tonight. Restaurant week menu absolutely amazing. Everything amazing. Ricky was our server and he was awesome. Love pumpernickel bread. Would love to know how to make it. We are so grateful for such a wonderful evening!"  cinched the experience. We'll be back!  This is my first yelp review. I've never been moved by food or service to take the time to review." "Went to Capital Grill for a lunch meeting.  Hands down "This place is just good. I've been here 3-4 times. A good solid American dining experience. David was very knowledgeable and we enjoyed ourselves. This is from almost a year ago. But I've been eating at the Capital grille on and off since 2014. Looking for a good steak Valet is available  for parking. .they were slow bringing  us the bread appetizers.  They were quick to refill our water. We had appetizers  cocktail  shrimp  and oysters . They looked good but did not taste fresh.i ordered  crab legs with she'll but came without. The waiter misunderstood.  We had potatoes  Aug rating but came with a crust that I did not like. We ordered a steak that was undercooked.  Food was good but disappointed  with their mistakes THE place to make a special occasion truly special." 