CALL ACE FIRST!!!!  :-D"  and very fair. I wouldn't go anywhere else." I already had a transponder key for my truck but needed the key cut so I could use it. They did it right then and didn't charge me anything. "Extremely satisfied with the service that was provided by Ace Lock.  Their technician showed up on time What was even better?  They showed up less than an hour later!  Since when do service technicians show up several hours early?  Mike took care of the job quickly "Great guys there. Brought in a broken lock that it turned out they couldn't do much with but they spent well over an hour helping me and providing guidance on a replacement which they didn't even have to sell me (not lack of inventory  cost 120dollars. I used a different company to open my car door at 10 pm before and only cost 50...so...."  positively punctual and just an all-around courteous and friendly employee of the company" I was recommended to this locksmith by another Yelp business. I came here to get a key for a lock that needed to be replaced. The locksmith made me a key for $10 after I have thrown away the original key. This store has an abundant assortment of floor safes. This Locksmith has been in business for a very long time and obviously knows what he is doing. This is the kind of business people should know about because it's in a crappy area of town. Guys are straight forward and honest. No up sells or pressure."  and told him that our safe wasn't opening properly. Rather than charging me to send somebody out  so I handed the guy my key and said ""I need one just like this"" to which he responded ""I have one that shape but without the holes"" so I told him that was fine and he made the key. I give my card to his daughter and then he hands me the key that has a big stamp on it with the name of the shop and its phone number. As I'm asking if there are any keys that don't have the name because it has to look like I got them at the same place she runs my card. Which wouldn't be a problem except they didn't have any I could use! And she was rude to while I was trying to explain that I couldn't use it with Hicks engraved one it... She said well all we can do it cover it with tape. Really? Tape is the solution? How about giving me my money back because I can't use the key and I specifically said they had to look the same? Ugh" "I needed keys made for our company so I sent one of our drivers in with my company credit card.  He was wearing a company shirt that also matched the card and driving a company vehicle with the logo on it too.  They were extremely rude to him AFTER they made the keys and said they would not take a company credit card unless that the person whose name was on the card was there.  That's me.  If I had time to run errands like make keys I wouldn't have sent an employee.  I called them after he returned and once again they were very rude.  I understand you can't always say ""yes"" to a customer but there is no need to act like you enjoy making things a little harder for them.  I sent my guy back with $15 in cash to cover the keys and will NEVER use or recommend them.  I can be told no - just don't celebrate it." 