 so I decided to stop by. I was immediately greeted by an extremely friendly woman who started on our paperwork. I told her that a few of our plans had changed since I made the reservation. She was happy to work with us and help us out. Without this XaTlnT5aKXmLAx75wHppCA If I could give 0 stars I would." We have had a storage unit here for a couple years.  It's a good location - right off of Highway 14.  Their rates are competitive.  Getting set-up was easy and fast.  The units are clean.  In the winter they plow on a timely basis.  Pretty much everything you could ask for in a storage unit.  including when I called to set it up. When they billed me at the beginning of the next month NBidya27mFqd2l1lUakK6g  so I had to make a place to park.  Ended up getting cursed out by a maintenance guy.   Nice job U-haul!!!!  Will never be going back to this place again."  twice and ended up demanding a refund and taking business elsewhere.  NEVER AGAIN."  I was told that they didn't have any and my only option was to get a more expensive one. This is absolutely OBSURD customer service. You cannot guarantee a customer something and then force them to upgrade out of their own pocket. I will never rent from Uhaul again and I will not recommend this to anyone." OasJ_Jq4cUEHvWLa7UoQzQ My advice to future customers:  always check the back of the truck before leaving the parking lot to avoid pointless fees."  6 weeks in advance! The employees are either dumb or just don't give a shit. They're unorganized and totally clueless. I have never used a business so poorly run. How this store stays in business is a mystery to me and any corporation that tolerates such bad performance from a franchise will not get another $ from me. Or maybe they're all this bad. Regardless ifUkPfiuirIqLvJKXj4QQA  writing this review is making me relive this horrible experience but I think you should have gotten the point by now. This place scores awful out of 10."  the boxes that I bought there fell apart.  Buy your boxes from Two Men and a Truck - they're more expensive The only thing I would suggest is for management to make sure that at least two people can work the desk at any given time  they were also great about helping me get set up to tow again.  I really didn't know the first thing about what I needed to buy.  They make it easy and explained everything."  he has no clue how to deal with people. The truck I had was in a bad shape I had to replace it with a truck from a different location."  at least give us a call to let us know if we're S.O.L. If there was another nearby location that had better service and fleet availability Let's make a change and show them the consequences of treating students like crap." The only reason I gave them 2 starts is because there really isn't a better trailer option that I've aware of." ---- I contacted UHAUL Customer Service with no response or resolution" Terribly slow. We arrive here at 12:00pm just to return the car. The stuff asks us to wait and didn't appear again until an hour later. Terrible service.  knowledgeable and helpful. Knew a lot about the special needs for the Nissan Murano. Dropped off for the installation and they called when it was completed. Mark even made sure he meet with me to explain everything before I left. I would definitely recommend. Only reason I would not give 5 stars was because when I was in the store it took them awhile to acknowledged that I was standing there waiting. But Mark was awesome."  and got home to find that they had charged my Visa card an extra separate charge of $50. When I called the manager (Hector)  we found two bottles of water waiting for us. It was a refreshing treat on the triple digit day. The units are very clean and secure. I will probably write another update after we have rented here for awhile  UHAUL. Don't use this location." I can't say enough how impressed I was with this manager. I had rented a motorcycle trailer for the week to come visit my brother in Phoenix and ride Arizona on days he worked. I showed up and asked if I could keep the trailer at this store/location for the week due to parking and theft issues. The manager was more than happy to help me and allowed me to keep my trailer on his site for 4 days free of charge. It's the little things that make a company great! I called manager Terry at the 39th street and McDowell location and he fixed it all up for me. I was given a 20' U-haul with less than 11  so when I decided to rent a storage space at East McDowell Storage Solutions I called to find out what additional charges I was going to have to pay over and above the advertised rate of $19.95 for the first month.  To my utter amazement month is reasonable I have been told by them. Many "The only reason I give this place 2 stars is because they have a really good move in special for $20 any size unit for the  first month.  No hidden fees or anything. But I will say that their customer service is more than awful it's down right unprofessional and disgraceful.  When I first got my unit the guy told me I can bring my own locks when I move my stuff in.  3 days later I show up at open 6am and I'm on a time crunch.  I had to get the uhaul back by 7am and I also hired two men that stand outside of home depot to help unload.  When I arrived to my surprise they had put their own locks on my unit. The office didn't open until 8 am so I called the number on my paperwork and they called someone out to help me.  The guy shows up irate with me because he had to be woken up to help me. I explained that the guy from 3 days prior told me I could bring my locks when I moved in and the guy very rudely stated ""well that was over a week ago what do u expect"" when I told him that I'm under alot of stress and asked him to plz calm down he just said ""u have no idea what a bad day is now give me your I.d so I can confirm that its ur unit"" I was literally in tears which the guy could care less about. I then had to load my entire unit on my own because the guys I hired had just unloaded it by my unit since it was locked.   I also have had other really unprofessional run ins with these people which are too lengthly to comment on but I wouldn't suggest this place to some one I dislike or to anyone.   I will be ecstatic when I'm able to remove my things from this place. I will forever spread the word on what an awful place this is and   I am currently in search of a new place that I will be happy to spend my $ at.  After the first month it's over $200 anyways so If I'm going to spend it def shouldn't be with this establishment.  Sorry for my long review."  so I don't know who in their right mind gave her one as a manager. My friends and I ended up just throwing everything in the truck because she came out every 10 minutes to continue to yell at us. We literally left that place as fast as we can to go into a walmart parking lot to finish loading. Trust me MY NAME IS RICH AND I CAN BE REACHED AT 602-316-3660 IN CASE YOU WISH TO CALL.DO YOU HEAR THAT CORPORATE.i DARE YOU TO CALL ME."  but I promise I am moving out of there next month because you will get a lot of lip service but not a lot of follow-through from this organization... and the new place less than a mile from my house is $50 a month cheaper for more space and a U-haul to move it all with.  :)"  I was told the ""head office"" pays attention to reviews posted on Google+; wholly ignorant to the power of YELP." Rented space here for a couple years. Clean and convenient central Phx location. Great staff. Would highly recommend. I'm really getting tired of the rate hike and no notice. Twice now this has happened to me. They said they  mailed out a postcard but I never recieved anything. The facility is clean but I am now looking to move my stuff because I'm tired of now paying more then what my original contract stated and for ne reason. Staff was awesome and very helpful. I was able to get in and out very fast and got an awesome deal on my 5X10 unit. "the first month was supposed to be ""half off""   ended up paying more the first month than I will be paying for subsequent months.  all those ""fees"" for bs really turned me off  I was warned about this in the beginning when I signed up for a unit so I was okay with noticing a few ""weird"" things when visiting." Rates aren't bad. And the access time to the units are great."  easy and convenient!  I had previously rented with Extra Space Storage in Albuquerque (2014) and their customer service there was really exceptional--same here in Phoenix!  The fact that you can choose from either air-conditioned or regular units makes a HUGE difference.   Also "Just moved in a few weeks ago and must say this place is great. Hands down Adam made the move in very easy and pleasant.  This facility is secured and clean and offers air conditioned units "Very friendly customer service and decent pricing.  I bought an apartment movers box set.  They only had two in stock and had offered to hold one in the back for me.  I knew the weekend was approaching and was worried they might sell out.  Also  but wasn't pushy and didn't pressure me to buy things I didn't want. He didn't treat me like an idiot for not knowing what the heck I was doing and was extremely informative. He walked me through everything I needed to know and the whole transaction was speedy and simple. Excellent customer service! It was really refreshing to receive such great service and I would highly recommend." "The owner and staff here were great. They went beyond customer service to offer fantastic and informative assistance. If any problems came up  it shouldn't take 12 days to get from AZ to CA. Now I'm told that I have to wait 10 business days from the day the check was issued to have it resubmitted AGAIN!! I've been dealing with this refund issue since the end of Dec 2015. I think 3 friggin months is long enough to wait for my money. Your company It was expensive a lot of hidden fees.  I rented a van for 19.95 a day for three days plus .59 cents a mile. I drove 166 miles which comes to 97.94. this adds up to 157.79.  I paid 210 so the extra fees were 52.21. which seems high.  other than that the van i rented was in great condition!  Austin the general manager was very helpful with getting me exactly what I needed with no unneeded extras. It was fast "This storage facility is wonderful. I've used them twice in 4 years and both experiences were great. Very nice The staff is beyond amazing! They are every experienced and friendly. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. I highly recommend this location for your storage!  friendly and just a genuine good human.  The place is immaculately clean. I just cannot say enough.  Nobody likes to put their stuff in storage (I'm going through a remodel) but if you have a need - I would recommend Allstate without reservation.  Go see Matt - say hi - and see if he stops smiling.  Seriously he is that nice of a guy - and I wouldn't store my belongings anywhere else.  Cheers!" I hope it the start of a great business relationship!" I've rented from this Uhaul 3 times. It is fast and affordable and they don't try and upsel you a bunch of crap you don't need. Mike has been here a long time and he is very helpful and friendly.  explained everything and were extremely pleasant to deal with.  In addition great place been renting trucks for years and they always have propane and its not super expensive  then he tried to tell me that the truck does not come with a ""ball hitch"" and I would have to buy one at 30-40 dollars including tax additional to all rental costs of both.  I said that this is unreasonable and a ""rip off"" this infuriated the owner (wears Glasses) and shouted i am not in the business of ripping people off and said to go elsewhere........ gladly i did.  Do not do business with this guy....you have been warned......" DO NOT GET PROPANE REFILLS AT THIS LOCATION! New manager does not know how to tell the difference between a certified and uncertified propane tank. Been going to this location for past 5 years w old manager Mike. Never had a problem w him refilling my Rhino Propane exchange tanks.....didn't know Rhino Propane used old uncertified tanks! Will NEVER go back. I've been a customer there for about 6 years.  I'm very happy with them." Clean and climate controlled. I have had a unit here for 10 years and they have never raised the rate. Nice owners as well. I've used the storage for years. Haven't had any issues! Highly recommend going here for those looking to store stuff Really nice people.  Made my move with less worries.  I recommend them to all my friends.  Valley Self Storage is my choice. Every time I come in to pay or to store or remove something from storage I'm greeted with a friendly smile. The staff is exceptional. Great conversationalists too. All employees that is :-). Very clean storage facility. Protected from the elements and cooled. Excellent pricing as well. I would not trust my items any where else. Thank you to all that work there and also keep the place clean and smell free. They were very apologetic and will  be refunding me the money. The regional director even sent me an email. Great customer service This place was what I needed in the middle of a tough situation. The staff had a lot of positive energy and was very hospitable. The pricing was competitive.  They had me setup with a unit in no time. The cookies were a bonus.  polite and professional. Special effort was made to ensure any questions I had were answered fully and to my satisfaction. I left feeling my storage items will be secure We just rented a storage unit here last week and so I don't have much to say about it YET.  The manager on duty that day was friendly and drove us around to a few different size storage units - even to some that I wasn't that interested in but she wanted to show us comparison in size which I thought was nice that she took that extra step.  They currently have a deal going on now that makes renting storage units half off for the first 6 months.  There is no contract and you can leave at any time but need to let them know 10 days in advance before the next billing cycle.  I'll be back to let you know our experience with it all after we're done with the storage place.  helpful and even gave me a free lock! Low prices (pay for two months get the third month free internet deal right now too!) and a clean They have free cold bottle water fresh baked cookies and an VERY CLEAN restroom. If you were to need longer gate hour they will work with you to get in moved in. I have rented at many other please and I will keep going back to Az Mini on Cave Creek Rd for all my Storage needs." Check out the yelp deal here. The woman the set me all up was very friendly. She was very busy but very nice. Somewhat clean. Worth the money. I would definitely use their facility again  the previous storage location 13 yrs. this was the absolute worst storage facility. As a business person the experience here is unprofessional. I do not recommend this storage facility."  they offer active duty and retired service members with 50% off for first 4 months! They also offer Yelp deals for new customers. I highly recommend this place if you need a storage place in the nearby neighborhood." Picked this place due to proximity to my home and have been happy with the decision. Prices are very fair and the facility is clean. The security measures in place make me feel comfortable that the contents of my unit are safe. The staff (pat and Carl) are friendly and always a pleasure to deal with. Great business. "I have used this storage facility on and off for ten years. Most recently have had a unit for over two years as I have been out of state. I've always liked the fact that they contacted me via email or phone for payments due. Recently they sold everything I own without even contacting me....no mail Thank you to the staff." The new managers are doing a great job. They were very friendly and helpful during my move in day. Very clean and well maintained facility. They also have free cold bottles of water and fresh baked cookies.  especially not one in charge of looking after your possessions r40" "This place is a ripoff. I had a storage unit for 2 years here. When I deceided to give it up they would not prorate my fees when I was told by the staff and manager that they prorate fees. They had no concern for my situation I have moved in and out of this location several times for my customer's and they have always been happy with their experience.  My crew has been in contact with the management and they have always been helpful and professional.   I would not hesitate to recommend them or use their facilities for my own storage of household goods.  If you need a place to store your stuff this is the place in the north valley. "I just rented an air conditioned 10 x 15 unit after researching my neighborhood for a few months. It is in a newly renovated building.  I found the service to be exceptional and the unit to be inviting  it's all very clear and easy to understand. Uncle Bob's storage is a nice place (so far) I had a unit for fours years. The staff is great. They went through a renovation and moved me to a different unit using professional movers. I never had any problems with the facility or the representatives. It is a clean well run storage facility. I would definately use them again and would not hesitate to recommend to any of my friends. thank you Doug and staff at Uncle Bobs."  the units and property were always clean and neat and the price was great. The use of their truck to move our stuff saved us a ton of money by not renting from UHaul. We would definitely recommend Uncle Bobs to anyone looking for a storage unit. My only one complaint (and it is very minor) is I wish they would allow access a little later than 9pm. There were a couple of times where I was stuck working late and then needed to grab something out of my unit and could not because I got there too late. But that is just a minor thing Was looking for a unit cause I will be moving soon and I need to store some stuff I have. I came to Uncle Bobs and I am glad I did. The girl that helped me with the prices and sizes of the units was very helpful and friendly. The property looked very clean and professional which makes me feel that my stuff will be safe there. When I first came in There was a guy too and he greeted me with a smile and made me feel very welcome. I am looking at my options at the moment but I have a positive feeling I will be renting my unit here. Thank you Uncle Bobs for your awesome customer service!!! "I walked into uncle bobs expecting it to be one of ""those storage places"" I was pleasantly surprised to see everything spotless. The staff especially Miss Janeen (I think  that was her name) were extremely knowledgeable about the prices. I WAS looking for a large unit and I think I found the perfect place. One extra thing I love the hours of operation it makes me feel safe with my things inside! Thanks uncle bobs and Janeen for your wonderful costumer service."  deliverance nightmare takes place when you walk in the door. Stay clear of these crooks." "I called to check availability. Yeah their prices might be a little lower but they close access at 6pm weekdays and by 3pm Sundays -really? And when I called So despite the Yelp reviews I went over to check out Allstate self storage on Bell. What we found was really great rates and friendly staff. Its ran by a husband and wife team and although they do close early on Sundays 3 pm they have high security. They're one of the only storage facilities I have not had any break ins in the area. They don't let you carpool in. Their units although the less expensive ones are on the second floor appear to be mostly air-conditioned. Very clean and well kept. The locks were less expensive than at home depot/Wal-Mart. They will cancel mid month if you don't need it anymore. They don't charge you for extra insurance. They have free coffee up front in the office. Your rate is locked in for 12 months. Forgot to mention how nice Connie and Steve were to us and how helpful. They educated us about the facilities and got us up to date with all of the rules so to speak. Right off the highway close to highway 51 and 101. Rod is an Angel and he was certainly mine that morning  Steve and their team rock in my book!"  I have dealt with a number of self storage locations.  While I was a tad concerned that Steve and Connie were no longer running the business - given the previous glowing reviews they received  we were shown to ""our"" unit. Only to find it was on the second floor with no elevator. Really? I had to scramble on a Sunday afternoon to find another place that was close by and open on Sunday."  I believe this is a good place to store your belongings."  clean and safe. I been using this storage center for years. No complaints...."  but they raise their prices too often and it doesn't matter if you stay for a longer time. I am going to have to find a new place as this place is getting more expensive. Im curious at what point enough is enough?"  go somewhere else.  Or just light your stuff on fire and watch it burn.  I've spent thousands of dollars to store stuff in their care and had them ruin a big chunk of it.  I'm in the process of emptying the unit as we speak and will never do business with them again."  this place was perfect as I rented four different storage rooms for a month to bridge between houses.  I rented 10x10 and 10x15 spaces and fit my entire 1800sq foot house in a little over 3 of them.  They offer a variety of room sizes so you do not waste your money.  The storage rooms are solid: clean and no smell whatsoever.  The staff has a lot to do with keeping this place at a very high quality level ... highly recommended." 