 even though I lost my ticket. Turn around time was OK for a cleaners that don't do cleaning on premises. What's my problem then? Price. My daughter's dress was $18 to clean. I think that's close to what I paid for it. My ladies shirts were $6 unit. Maybe I'm not calibrated on Pgh prices but this seems outrageous. My search continues for a neighborhood cleaners. BTW  PA 15243. I decided to use a local business to do my dry cleaning. I dropped off 3 shirts at this establishment just before Thanksgiving. It is now late January. I have stopped by more than a half dozen times and have been given only ONE of the shirts. They have offered $20 a shirt for the shirts they lost. Those shirts are worth at least $50 each Thanks for a job well done!"  but he seamed them up to look EXACTLY the way they were when I first bought them.  Most placed will have bulges and puckers.  The rest of my items were just as perfect.  Very inexpensive at $10 for a pair of pants to adjust the hem.  The items were done in a timely manner.  He takes his business very seriously.  While I was there  and would highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a personal tailor who actually cares about his work and building an honest business." Oh and he let me know that they also dry-clean. Wonderful shop!"  the prices are so reasonable I wonder how he stays in business. He was able to do an alteration on short notice and was very acommodating. The alteration I needed done--and fast--was right in the middle of prom season. All the other places I called gave me a several week wait I just needed a broken zipper replaced on my favorite Penguins fleece jacket and a pair of suit pants hemmed.  The price was very reasonable and the work done was great.  I will go back for all my tailoring needs and highly recommend if you need any done.  the guys at Alteration World finished my work (patching a hole on a pair of jeans) in less than half an hour (I killed time at an adorable coffee shop across the street) and exactly as I had specified. Oh My bridesmaid dress alterations were perfect. I would not hesitate to come back for alterations or dry cleaning.  and speed of Alteration World are incredible! I have had suits and pants altered here and have been thoroughly impressed by the work. Everything has fit perfectly and the work was quality. I will be returning here exclusively for my tailoring needs and have referred many customers already. If you need anything altered (or even something custom made) Is it possible to give zero stars?"  if you're standing by the dressing room looking at yourself in the mirror in a dress that's too small Jesse worked miracles and altered a complicated dress within a few days.  He is very old school and knows what he's doing.  So glad to have him in my neighborhood! My family takes all of their items to Jesse--he's the best!  high quality work.  A bit on the expensive side (costs $30 to shorten two pairs of pants) which I guess is reasonable considering that he does reliably high quality work.  I haven't given him anything more complex than that however so I don't know how he'll take in your wedding dress  freaking out (very politely) about ""HOW CAN I REPAIR THESE POCKETS?! THEY ARE AWFUL! NO POCKET LEFT! SHREDS!"" and we had a good laugh after telling him we meant for him to replace the pockets altogether. He did a fabulous job and even though he's not cheap it is worth it to know you will get the clothes back in great shape." It does seem a little expensive I would recommend Vincent to anyone needing alterations. Great customer service."  including two coats that needed the waist nipped in. It's a bit on the expensive side but it's worth it to have clothes that actually fit and no longer sitting sadly in the closet. I have also taken my dry cleaning there  I hadn't put two and two together yet. I thought maybe they had melted the silk liner during dry cleaning or something. So I went back first thing the next day I love to take my clothes here.  Ruth greets me with a smile every time and my clothes never looked better.  The do exactly what they say they will with attention to detail.  The prices are great and the service is perfect! I just took some curtains to be adjusted. It was a simple fix but I didn't have a sewing machine strong enough to do it. Roost was gracious they were done in a week and each panel only cost eight dollars. You can't beat it! Keep up the good work suburban dry cleaners! Very disappointed with this dry cleaner. Had a small hole in a set of pants by a belt buckle. Came back with hand stitches that were messy and very noticeable. Definitely not worth the expensive prices. If you're looking for a tailor in the downtown area  which looked amazing but were ""slightly"" out of my price range. I would definitely go to him again and plan on taking all my suits there for as long as I'm in the city." I'm a lifetime customer!" But for that no-nonsense quality at half the time and a quarter of the cost "I always wondered whether or not this place had a name.   It's sign is so worn I never knew what it's name was.  Yeah they do tailoring  excellent customer service. I will be returning to George's Tailor shop for all my alteration needs. 5-Stars in my book." This is the best tailor shop in the Pittsburgh area.  The owners are very friendly and do an excellent job - I will only be going here from now on! Agree with Chris.  D's the best in the business these days.  Don't even think about going anywhere else. Only place I will get my clothes tailored. He does such a great job and the work is completed so quickly.  but I think a little pricey.  $28 for two pairs.  Over all friendly and would return."  but I wasn't in a hurry so I gave him a full week.  As a person who has had to have clothes altered her whole life I found the work to be of great quality for a totally reasonable price.  I am glad I have found a quality alteration service in my neighborhood.  I like to support local independent businesses and I will definitely continue to give Rocky's my business."  fixed and tailored at Rockys. They are consistent and the nice thing about the shop is that they have a dressing room so they can accurately mark if you need to get anything taken in. Haven't had anything expedited though. Super friendly and the prices seem to be reasonable given the quality of their work. All the money that I have spent on buying my clothes I want to go somewhere I trust. It has been hard to find a dry cleaner with good reviews in the area though I am glad I found Rockys." I've had a lot of things both dry cleaned and altered at this place (several hundred dollars worth). He is consistently late and there were a  couple of instances where I had to take stuff back to be re-done. I've only gone because it is convenient to my location and reasonably priced. I will never go back though. The straw that broke the camels back for me was the most recent time when I had him alter two suits. We agreed on two weeks to complete the work. I came back in three and he hadn't even started. He told me the earliest he could do it was another week and then was late again. Seriously? How hard is this? I am now going to start a search for a more reliable place. WARNING:  Cash only--maybe checks.  No credit cards."  and prices seem decent. I also got a pair of pants tailored and was very satisfied with the results." They always take weeks to get things done & overcharged. I was ok with that when they did a good job. But then they stopped doing a good job. Not worth the hassle anymore & do a poor job.  the prices are on the very high side without the service or results."  he failed to mention to me that the cost of these 4 things- one of which only needed alternation tape- would come to $96!!!!!!  When I came to pick up my items I was extremely embarrassed because I had to tell him I could not afford it. He then told me he could ""help me out "" and make it $80.  I tried explaining to him that the two blazers were only $25 each to begin with.  Overall "I went there to get my dress hemmed last Wednesday and he said the next Thursday and when I went it to get it the day it was supposed to be done  but you pay for what you get. Parking in the back of his shop is convenient and rarely fills up." It would be a little more convenient if the establishment wasn't cash only Turn around time was 2 weeks. They only accept cash  they tailored my suit quickly."  and offer spotty service. A new shirt was shrunk and another new shirt was ruined.  Do not go! Find someplace else in Bloomfield."  my cat fell asleep on one of my business suits and I took it to Rocky's to be cleaned. The owner inspected my suit and said verbatim ""There is animal hair on this suit."" I was a little amused at that point and explained that it was the reason I was bringing the suit to be cleaned. He said ""No no no cannot do"" and basically told me that he would not clean my suit because of the pet hair. I remain shocked until this day even though that was a week or so ago. My cat is more like a member of the family and there was not THAT much pet hair on the suit. What if my child had gotten sick and vomited on my suit? Would he refuse to clean it as well? Isn't that why we bring clothes to the cleaners in the first place? This business is obviously not animal-friendly and I would NEVER return. I've been sure to tell everyone in my neighborhood of the way I was treated by the owner. His own wife looked shocked by his response to me." I took the issue to the owner who responded by yelling at me in the store saying it was impossible this could have happened and was extremely rude - talking over me and raising his voice.  I actually had to ask him repeatedly to calm down and stop yelling for us to discuss this.  All in all he refused to even take ownership of the possibility this could have happened let alone refund for even the hem and clean.  So I lost a full wardrobe of dress pants." Wanted to like them and support the local business owner.not a good experience. Way overpriced! I had a bridesmaid dress hemmed. Not very complicated. $125! I thought I was hearing things. Also they lost my fianc's work shirts. Will not be returning. "Brought a brand new suit to get pressed and pants hemmed .  It was returned with a hole in back of suit jacket . I was told it was all ready there and they tried to fix it for me and they thought I already knew it had a hole. ""Moth hole "" I was told by Rocky and his wife . It was if they had the answer ready for me as soon as I walked  in the store . Sorry to say that will be my last visit ."  even with complicated garments. Rocky's is a wonderful Bloomfield and Pittsburgh treasure! Reasonable prices and fast turnaround. We've gotten several hundred garments altered by Rocky and we have been really pleased with the perfection of every single job. We love Rocky's. He's the best!"  expensive. If it weren't so convenient I doubt I'd go back."  and the clothing always looks great. My big issue is that the employees stand directly outside and smoke. This looks awful and smells awful- especially when it blows in the front door choking you while you wait in line. I have no idea how they manage to keep the clothing from reeking (or maybe I've just gotten lucky). I could certainly come here more than I do Finally had enough after weekly visits for five years.  DON'T GO HERE!  Consistently late.  Damaged clothes.  I get the location is close but it is not worth the grief.  I will never go again. "This place is near my house so I use it for the location.  They have always done pretty good work on pieces that I need mended or tailored.  Only thing is when I have gone in before the woman who works the front desk doesnt acknowledge you sometimes Five pairs of pants...10 minutes pinning them and picked up a couple days later. They were perfectly done and it was like $25 total. Never really done alterations to pants so I can't compare but I have to say this place was spot on to what I would have expected. Will be going there again and recommending to my friends.  etc have been done great! I also have one leg that's longer so each pant let is different and it's always been done correctly. The prices are definitely cheaper than most alterations places around!!! They aren't super friendly but who really is?? The owner always does all the pinning no one else. Been going there about 3 years."  but they totally got the job done and had my clothes ready when requested. I had to visit their location in Ballantyne to have my dress altered  they told me they could alter 2 pair of pants that I brought. I also had a vest that they said they would not alter. They told me they ""didn't have time for that.""" "Don't allow the first review to stray you away from this wonderful business. I have utilized this services on 10+ occasions and my expectations have been more the exceeded each time. The staff here are incredibly kind and make you want to come back. I have only used this service for shoe repair cleaning "This place is the best tailor and shoe repair in Charlotte.   When I purchase a suit I always have it finished here No stars off for that. Take your items here."  I paid a bit less at an Asian tailor that shall remain nameless down Park Road  the staff are all very nice and will give very helpful tailoring advice when asked. You can trust your nicest pieces here - they are in good hands!"  but this is money well invested if you like nice clothes and want them to show properly.  Going elsewhere would be penny-wise pound-foolish  he can do it.  He is attentive and really listens to what the customer wants done.  He takes pride in his work and makes sure the customer is satisfied with the piece before leaving the shop."  but it's worth it.  A few extra dollars will be well worth all the compliments you get."  prices are right inline with other tailors in the area. I found them quite reasonable myself  at $14 a pop.  Which really seems fairly economical compared to having three pairs of expensive pants sitting in the closet because I can't wear them without stepping on the hems.  They were fast and efficient  this is not the place for you.  You get what you pay for and he is worth it." The service and workmanship at Myers Park Tailors is a wonderful example of getting what you pay for: perfection." "I drove past this gem of a stop about 3 times until I finally found it!  It's tucked in the back of King's Court Shopping Plaza off Kings Dr.  When I got there I told Wally that I had read great reviews about his tailoring skills and he proved me right!  I brought him 4 dress that I've had for years and I wanted to alter them.  He gave me the best suggestions for each one of my dresses after really listening to what I wanted.  I loved his customer service skills so much that I had my husband bring his shirts in two days after I went to see Wally!  Life is great when you have found a fantastic tailor!  Note  but as far as I could tell it was flawless.  I would recommend Myers Park Tailors to ANYONE now  I knew that I was not going to be able to fully enjoy myself the way it was.  As it was late Saturday night and everything was closed on Sunday I wasn't going to be able to reach anyone till Monday and I was leaving for NY on Wednesday.  Finally after a lot of searching i found the website for Myers Park Tailors.  Their website had a email address so I immediately emailed them hoping that I would get a reply.  By early Sunday afternoon I had received an email from Walid who told me they were closed on Monday but bring my dress in on Tuesday and he would have it finished by end of the day Tuesday.  I was very nervous as he was my only hope  and gave a really fair price. I would recommend to anyone looking for some quality workmanship for a great price." There is also a  5% discount if you pay in cash.  He's awesome This is a really great tailor! He is so honest and really will do what is best for items I have a formal gown that I bought to wear to a wedding.  A few weeks before the wedding I put the dress on and thought it looked a little tight over my butt. The zipper was riding up in the back and it looked terrible. When I brought it in he took a look at he said there wasn't enough fabric in the seams to let it out. He ask me to try it on to see if there was a tuning he could do. After looking at it on he said that it looked like the dress was effective that the lining was longer than the overlay and that what was making it bunch. I really appreciated his honesty when he told me that if he did anything to it it would probably look worse i have now ordered another dress and hopefully this one will be right. Instead of saying he could fix it and charging me what I am sure would have been a pretty penny he was honest and that is a sign of an honest tailor! I would definitely recommend Myers Park Tailor! A week and a half later (and a day earily than he told us) we got a text saying that the clothes were ready. Coming from someone who's worked in plenty of high end retail stores and knows how to sew Walid nailed the exact fit I was looking for at a lower price then I expected to pay. Great work and customer service. I'll be back." So I wrote this comment because I strongly feel that a business owner who will honestly advise a customer regardless of the money they make from them (or lack thereof) is worthy of endorsing.  Trust and integrity go a long way -  the next time I do need to pay for alterations  tastemakers. Walid is all that. Seriously flawless work and helpful advice for the care of my blazer's fabric that I don't think anyone else would have thought to share with me. He took the time to show me how to reverse stubborn fabric memory to help my garment hang better than I ever expected. He's my go-to now." You can't miss with Myers Park Tailors." "I did not use his service because he told me that the corrections that I needed in my clothes would not look good after.  He could have just done it and take the money  and the turnaround time this business provides is superb. The owner was honest with me about what he is and isn't able to do with what I brought him every time. I really appreciate when a person I'm trying to do business with provides what I want and tactfully guides me in the right direction "My man does it again.  Have taken 5 jackets to him now to tailor.  He has advised me on brands to buy that fit my build  bring cash! They take cash only for purchases less than $27." "Very knowledgeable and  helpful service. Only concern was the price point -- ~$22 per alteration for a shirt  anything from a simple hem or buttons popping off to slim fit suits and formal wear. He will be upfront on time and offers a slight discount for paying in cash. Visit Myers Park Tailors and be better dressed for it." Cannot recommend this place more. A+" Always perfect. Wally and his team deliver exceptional service and a genuine opinion.  my fianc has suits that fit and believes in the power of a tailor. Wonderful and quick." The work was on point and completed ahead of schedule. As long as I am in Charlotte Myers Park Tailors lost me for good. Because they shut the door in my face when I desperately needed their help. It was a cold thing to do to a loyal customer Great customer service and amazing work done here! You won't find any better when it comes to alterations. I highly recommend!  and workmanship of his product and or services.  I had Walid build my wedding suit for me and I could not be happier with the results.  I have always gotten my clothing tailored so it is no small declaration when I state that Walid is the best tailor that I have worked with to date.  I will most certainly return to Myers Park Tailors in the future for any of my tailoring needs."  but it turned out perfect. And the peace of mind from going to the best was worth the extra money. My skirt was full tulle and the bustle they figured out was just gorgeous. If you need alterations on your wedding dress and its more than a simple hem I currently recommend him to friends and will continue to do so. If you don't believe me Excellent!  Hard to find a good master tailor.  Walid is both great in his craft and advice. She has always done a great job on my alterations. And she's less expensive than the other guys in town.  and one of the sweetest women you will ever meet!"  but i fell in love with it and took it from her years ago. It took her 2 years to even find someone willing to do it Completed my shoe repair within 15 min. Sally was very nice and the cost was reasonable. I'll definitely use them again!  Fabulous. My Mom who is visiting from West Virginia just took a pair of shoes to get them repaired and the experience was super. Quick service qIMm-u4Y-0E5Ew6SXzhWbQ  they did a fantastic job & it only cost me $28 days.  Heng's is located in the Fresh Market plaza on Rte 51 around the corner next to Baskin Robbins.  Its kinda a far drive from where I live  explained what I wanted done & asked to pick it up on Monday. I have to say that everything looked like it had been added at the factory. The price was very reasonable as well. Will I return to Carolina Pavilion "Great alteration place!  I take my pants here for hemming.  They usually have them ready in less than a week.  The prices are great Used them for three years....have hemmed MANY pairs of pants and other items...perfect every time.  just loose thread. She looked at them and also looked for future problems around the same seam. She pointed it out and let me know it could become a problem in the future so she would reinforce it. Very reasonable pricing and she gave me a date. I came back to pick up my garment and it was very clean work. I was very happy with my experience. My only issue was the smell of the place when you walk in. Smelled like dirty clothes." Awesome service! They are both so friendly and helpful! They are decent price and worth every penny. I have gotten several things from here altered and they did a good job on each and every one of them!  and stitching up loose ends. Very reasonably priced." "I've taken serval shirts here to have the sleeves shortened. I have also had some pants taken up. I think they have always done a great job on my stuff and they are reasonably priced. They are typically really busy every time I go in "Kim's does good alteration work. The lady who waits on you can be a little aggressive at times. If you bring an item in for a price on alterations and decide not to get the work done for whatever reason "Kim and her team do an amazing job at alterations. I trust her with everything from brooks brothers suits to cheap o chinos. In fact Super pleased with the alterations on two of my dresses. Both were too big under the arms and now they fit perfectly. I paid $26 total for both alterations. I'll definitely go back the next time I have something I need altered. "She is fantastic! I came her to because my boss recomended her...it's always scary taking your wedding dress to someone...especially when you are on a very tight budget. For our wedding there were two brides so we had two dresses  which helped to calm my nerves about the work. Her prices are reasonable and she worked quickly and within my timeline. The results were beautiful. I can't recommend her enough and I'll definitely be taking things there in the future."  she tells you what the dress needs and the costs up front. She is fast and works with your schedule. She really seems to care that you are happy with her work.  Definitely recommend!" Best spot ever. Take your stuff here. You won't be disappointed." "Darlene is awesome. I had to have my bridesmaid dress taken in in the bust and had to have it done in under a week. Darlene did an awesome job on the alteration and had it done in six days. I paid $45 "Did great work the first time. The second time I brought a pair of new jeans in for hemming that had been worn for a few hours to make sure they fit well. The woman working the counter claimed that the small amount of dust on the original hem from this wear constituted soiling Truly as good as it gets." "Darlene can work wonders on clothes that don't fit right. I've been coming to her for 2 years  service is fast and professional--and Darlene is a delight. I will be coming here for all my future alteration needs!"  at best the service is inefficient and slow. As a direct result of this interaction I will not do business with Altered States Alterations now or at any time in the future." Happy the wedding stuff is done and now I can start getting my regular stuff tailored.  I have a pile of jeans and jackets waiting." "I have used Darlene for multiple bridesmaids dresses over the years and she has always been great. This time she managed to get a bridesmaid dress that was ordered pre-pregnancy to fit me in the late stages of pregnancy. Amazingly "Joyce was able to do a complicated alteration on my Vera Wang bubble-hem dress with a week's notice so I could look Audrey Hepburn glamorous for my sister's wedding.  After my experience with other tailor shops in town  she is not friendly at all. I put on my dress for the first time since I bought it at her store I thought Joyce did a fantastic job with my wedding dress.  It was significantly large when I brought it to her and it fit perfect when I picked it up.  I got more than one comment that it fit like a glove.  She was timely and friendly.  and I thought the price was outstanding (compared to what a fellow bridesmaid paid out in the boonies for similar work). I would go there again with any formal wear without hesitation." "Joyce did a fantastic job on my wedding dress. I am very pleased with her work. She is on the quieter side I have had 2 great experiences with Joyce (a rehearsal dress and my post-wedding picnic dress) and just called for an appointment for a bridesmaid dress. She does a great job and is straightforward. "Joyce was THE BEST! I live in Chicago with only weekends to get the majority of my wedding plans done and she was very helpful about scheduling and working within my time frame.  She made a number of adjustments to the bust of my dress and added a gorgeous bustle.  The work she did was perfect and the amount she charged was amazing!  There have been a couple comments from other reviewers saying she was ""not friendly"" but I did not find that to be the case at all.  I found her to be professional and straightforward. I'm also not looking for people to fawn all over me and treat me like a child.....I would recommend her to anyone for any sort of tailoring or  dress adjustments!"  and put in a 7 point French bustle. She first quoted me at around 175 and then at around 200 once we decided on the bustle. I don't have much of a gauge on what alterations cost "I recently had my wedding dress altered by Joyce and had a great experience.  My wedding is in April and I started the alterations process at the end of December. Joyce was flexible with my schedule to come in for fittings.  She had good ideas for how to alter the dress (a lot of length had to come off of the bottom and train).  I had two other fittings and they went smooth. I picked my dress up yesterday. Her work was great and I love the way my dress fits.  When I told my friends (recent brides) the price I paid for alterations they could not believe it. It was much less than they have paid  and I in no way doubt her abilities.  She's just clearly overbooked and doesn't take responsibly for it.  She doesn't act as though she appreciates your business Nice altering work. Same guy working 15 hours a day. Always delivers on time and very friendly. "Excellent work at a fair price. She specializes in formal wear  before I committed to a tailor for my dress.  She was rude and short with me and seemed offended that I might want to find out more about the person to which I was entrusting my wedding dress.  I would not recommend." "I had an old pea coat that I needed to be taken in to fit me better.  The coat came back looking much more svelte on me (I got compliments) and the lining looked good.  The proprietor can be a bit brusque  unwilling to answer questions." She has been doing repairs for me for years. She is excellent and fair priced. I cannot believe ratings of one and two from people who did not even try her. She actually did alterations for my wedding dress and it was perfect.  give yourself enough time for 3-4 visits. I am sure she could rock it out had I given her more than two attempts to shorten and bustle." "I went to Barbara (now located on Chester Street) for a very last-minute alteration to a bridesmaid dress. I needed the alternation done in just a few days and she made it happen! She was very polite and accommodating "They did a good job on taking in the skirts and hemming. However I did think that they were a bit pricey. I will visit again  I had to have some major alterations to a jacket double-quick at the heart of prom season. And she still managed it! In a small town with a lot of chains Rk43miYD_mqALQHUL7eMWg "Barbara did a stellar job on my sister's wedding dress and my mother's dress for the wedding. I wish I had gone to her for my dress  more for other options like keeping the original hem.  the entrance to the parking lot is difficult and people who park in that lot can't park between the lines for whatever reason." Unlike the poster below I didn't find them particularly polite or apologetic.  Unfortunately  I also think that language is a barrier.  There was only one person in the store who spoke some English both times I came I have taken everything from topcoats to pants here and never had a problem.  Period. JwBxcuZ95ElpDs-26yQwmg  stitching came out within a week. Nuf said" Had my greek letters embroidered on a couple of my own personal items. Good service. "It is a small place but offers QUALITY service.  Extremely nice people working there and very helpful.  I will return there when I need the type of boots  they again came through with military uniform alteration while I waited. My Velcro-backed name tapes were all lost in the theft of a bag at an airport and I needed new ones on the one day back in town before traveling with replacement uniforms. They did the job right in a few minutes while I waited."  and was informed that the uniform would not be ready until Friday.  I was pissed. Being an officer in the Army Reserves and a federal law enforcement Agent I remained calm. I went to the store to retrieve my uniform.  The same desk clerk was there and he is trying to backpaddle his way out of not getting my uniform done by saying he originally said it would take over a week to be ready.  I looked at him in disbelief and said who would want their uniform after an appointment. He knew about my appointment because I stressed that when I dropped it off. Now the store is empty and I am the only customer both times. Business does not look hectic and this guy does not own up to his mistake in stating that he would have my uniform done by Tuesday.   Obviously he is unhappy and does not pay attention to details. I could only imagine how my uniform would have looked if they had done the job. I would never go back there. I went to Luke AFB and the alterations store had my uniform ready the next day. For those of u that take your uniforms there you have been warned." l9j41HD36qSukJ-XOLg5oQ "The Ladies in the back who do the work are no less than simply wonderful I really just need to trek all of my shoes that need touch-ups over there ASAP." They work hard and make your shoes and clothes better than when new. Prices reasonable for true custom and personable service." Walking distance to Uptown Station for light rail commuters."  new tips on my boots and some polish.  What was way above average was the time it took to get my shoes back.....3 weeks!  Seriously *FYI: Nerrick's wife does alterations out of the same shop." I would definitely recommend this company to anyone who wants high quality repairs and enjoys the personalized customer service of a small business."  I was amazed.  They looked like I had just bought them and they were as comfortable as if I had been wearing them for years (which I had but it was nice to have that feeling back). I would highly recommend this place if you value your shoes.  High quality is worth the wait!"  Nerik proved me wrong and made them look almost brand new again. I was beyond impressed and completely satisfied with his work! I would highly recommend them for all your shoe and alteration needs! Thanks again Central Shoe Repair!"  and didn't leave a hint that there had ever been a hole.  Guaranteed to survive however many cartwheels or squats or pocket yanks these jeans have coming to them over the next ten years.  I'd definitely come back." Got two pair of old boots shined and polished there and they looked as good as new! Knowledgeable and helpful staff and reasonable prices make it worth coming back to.  and showed him my shoes.  He assured me they could be repaired and that they would look even better than before.  I was surprised when he called me personally the next day to let me know my shoes were ready to be picked up.  I appreciated that he completed the repair in such a timely and efficient manner Central Shoe repair is awesome! I would go there more often if they were located near my house.  Everything I have had repaired or tailored there has surpassed expectations. They are honest people and I'm happy to support a family oriented local business. "Nerrick and Bella are flat-out rock stars!  There is nothing that can be fixed that they won't work on.  Treat them politely Very reasonable and very fast. I run a shoe store and have taken some customer repairs to them. Always friendly! Now every time I need something done. My wife and I say.  Don't worry.  We have a master in Phoenix that takes care of our shoes" "Who goes country dancing in Guess 'Carrie' pumps that one cannot find anymore due to size and popularity!?  Me! And just when I thought they were ruined I was so sad to think I was going to have to throw away 5 pair of my favorite shoes.  Then I read the YELP reviews for Central Shoe Repair and I thought I would give them a try since so many people wrote about the miracles they perform.  I CANNOT believe the results.  My shoes look brand new.  I am stunned.  I mean I had 2 pair where the actual pointed tip of the shoes had worn through and somehow they repaired them and you cannot tell where the old started and the new begins.  When I called to tell them how thrilled I am the gentleman who answered told me it was him who had done the work and he told me he is third generation craftsman and it is more important to him to do exceptional work than to run bunches of work through his shop.  I just can't believe that people like this still survive in this world of more is better!  Thanks to keeping the dream alive that great craftsmen still care! Thank you to Nerrick and Bella. "The guys at Nordstrom sent a pair of my shoes to this shop and they came back looking like new! Sooo I took a another pair to Central. When I dropped in a few weeks later my shoes were not ready. I did not get mad because they had done such a phenomenal job earlier.  I was frustrated because I live 45 mi away. The owner sensed my frustration and came outside to talk to me. He told me that the reason for the delay was that he had to special order the heels. He apologized for the inconvenience and offered to ship them to me for free. They arrived a few days later again We know exactly where to go if we need any repair work on shoes or other leather. These people are excellent. Well worth the 45-minute drive to get there." RIPOFF!!!!!!!!!! BAD BUSINESS!!!!!!!!!!" Classic old-school quality.  I wouldn't go anywhere else.  shine and carry all supplies you need.  Very friendly and knowledgable.  They are craftsmen and a gem in a central  I stopped in to see if a hook on the strap of my Coach leather handbag could be repaired. (Coach wanted me to ship the strap AND handbag plus $20 repair free and said it would take about 6 weeks.) The very friendly gentleman there repaired it in less than 5 minutes and said the only payment he'd accept was a smile. I tried paying for the service  I went to check on it and I was told it would be ready in a another couple of weeks. I went back another time and it STILL wasn't ready. This morning I went back to get my purse because it had been there for 3 months and they hadn't even begun to work on it. I got my purse back and will take it elsewhere. I won't ever take anything to this shop again. Terrible service and no apology for the fact they they totally dropped the ball." I'll be back for several services!"  the screw was completely exposed. To my surprise - I paid $10 a pair and my total was $40. One of the pairs they repaired had satin covering the heel. They did a great job to repair and glue down the tattered satin as best as they could. They even colored in my black heels that had some scuff damage. They went above and beyond. I will absolutely come back time and time again. I also found out they do alterations and if you love clothes like I do you understand how difficult it is to find a place that can execute a tricky hem / original hem! This places offers that so I'm excited to try them out for clothing alterations next. The staff are all very friendly and accommodating. You def get the family business vibe when you're here. Will be back soon!" "Took some heels in that had something sticking up in the sole and they fixed it in 5 minutes  did what I asked at a reasonable price in a fair amount of time. I was going to get the soles replaced as well The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they weren't done on time.  But I will go back to this place for future work." Excellent job and quick turn around- prices perfect! Cash only. Price is great! If you need any alterations (or Creations for that matter)  and they didn't let me down!  Friendly service.  They sewed on a botton in just a few minutes and I was out of there.  $3.  I'll be back for their friendly and quick service." "Last week I went on yelp to find a good alterations place to fix two pairs of pants and a shirt of mine. Creations & Alterations had some good reviews and it was down the street from my apartment. I dropped off my clothes thinking it wouldn't take more than 2-3 days. I dropped it off on a Tuesday and they told me it'd be ready the NEXT week Thursday!! At the time I didn't care and just wanted it done. I came in the next week Friday morning before I drove out to California  when I go to get my clothes tailored and my shirt I had comes back looking like it belongs on a 12 year old boy  it does but I think it could fit a bit better.  Being stressed and in a rush I bagged up the dress and gave it to the clerk who told me I could pick it up on Oct 8th (4 days before my wedding!) and it was only Sept 16? I was told on the phone the turn around time was 7 days. I was a bit distressed by this but left it with them anyway.  I left the store and realized they hadn't quoted me a price so I went back in. They wanted $150. I told them I was quoted $15 and I only paid $100 for the dress to begin with. They didn't say anything. I left and left the dress with them. I got home and pondered their poor treatment and apparent disregard for my desires for my gown so I called them and canceled the alteration. They hadn't done anything with it yet (THANK GOD). I picked it up the next day and will be either doing it myself or going elsewhere. For something as special as your wedding you need a tailor that puts YOU and your wishes first and doesn't rush you  in and out. GO ELSEWHERE!" Cons: I used to come here because it was the closest to my home. I just had to stop. They messed up my clothes 30% of the time  if I remember correctly!" "The reason the review is in the middle is because he deals with Parker & Schmidt Clothiers and actually has his cards in their shop. Michael Schmidt is someone to avoid like the plague. This shop is where Michael's customers are sent when Michael has screwed up another order. This business (Creations & Alterations has to clean up Michael's messes and benefits from altering at last minute orders that Michael dropped the ball on. So this shop is great and they know what they are doing hence 3 stars  drop of your clothes and George will give you ""Everything Greek 101""."  and at an amazing price.  I showed up at 2:00 p.m. on a Saturday needing 4 pieces of an outfit pressed and the pants hemmed before they closed.  They delivered... only an hour later... and for only $10.  Nothing else I could say could communicate more than that." "Absolutely unbelievable dry cleaners! This business understands customer service and exemplifies it with every interaction. Lee is phenominal. Pretty sure this is the type of business that like a dentist  though it looks like it could turn rough after dark."  so perhaps I need to give them another shot with my regular clothes."  perfectly cleaned clothes home and I still have $ in my pocket I used many cleaners and this is the best out o.f the best. Friendly fast and you're going to be surprised how nice it is steamed  I needed the suit for the next night for my wife and I's anniversary dinner. I knew it would be along shot This is a great family owned business! They are always so nice & helpful. The owner always makes conversation & make you feel like a person letting you know your business is appreciated. The lot with goodwill & big lots is super sketchy but don't let that shy you away from this dry cleaner. They also do alternations which makes it nice to take everything to one place. Their prices are good no need to go to a z cleaners or a prestige. In fact the short time I was taking my clothes to Zs in north scottsdale was sooooo expensive it literally would have been more than worth the time and gas to drive down to Arcadia & drop them here. I found them by yelp and hopefully other people consider this review before giving these dishonest business people any money."  if my experience is the same they will get that 5th star for consistency" I moved here and by luck found them and have been very satisfied and pleased with their services. I use the dry cleaners at least once a week and they are terrific. It is wonderful to see a family run business that offers great customer service and are very friendly!  and the pants look awful. Actually had to take them some where else in order to get them to being wearable again tJS-JB23Z5kpKpoxsPcYEw  can't make have it by the end of the day. This cleaners stepped up and 5 hours later gave me a perfectly cleaned and pressed shirt. The owner should put a tip jar by the register "Wow!! That is the first thing that comes to mind when I think of my experience at Thomas Cleaners. The service was outstanding and Chris really went out of his way to get my dress cleaned quickly and professionally. With a time crunch for an out of town wedding  I dropped off my 4 items that I wanted hemmed on 4/20/15. The woman in the front said to return the following week which would be 4/27/15 and that she would call me. She never called me so I then called her on Tuesday 4/28/15. No one answered and I did not leave a message. When I returned to pick up my clothes on 4/30/15 This is a great family owned business with decent pricing and good service. Luckily it was purchased from Nordstrom they were able to exchange it for another one which I have taken to other dry cleaners without problem." Very nice work done by a couple of friendly ladies."  and quick. Old school awesome." Like Chad S says ""Old school awesome""."  replacing a zipper on a pair of jeans and patching jeans as well. AND she stitched up a tear I had in a pair of dress pants when I picked up my stuff at no charge." MEANEST LADY EVER!!!!!" TIP: Be sure to call. As a small business I thought they did a good job on a skirt but when I took it home I noticed they cut a lot of corners which ruined the fit and made the stitching look cheap. I had to redo the whole thing myself. I did a really good job though! Restored the cut and class of the skirt. So the service is really inconsistent.  I've encountered a couple ladies who are sweet and maybe the one that isn't but the work has been good!  I've had a zipper alteration and a ripped skirt and they did a fairly good job on both.  I also needed a hem repaired and she did it on the spot which was awesome!  They don't like to be rushed so I wouldn't recommend them for quick turnarounds but definitely solid work and great prices.  I'll be back for sure!  so hit an ATM before you go."  even to the truly desperate.  There's plenty of other tailors in Phoenix Finding a good seamstress or tailor can be surprisingly hard. Phoenix Custom Tailors did such an amazing job with these cherished pieces I will for sure be back!"  the only downside is if you work during the day you'll have to wait to pick up on the weekend as they close relatively early." UPDATE: I picked up my jacket and it was PERFECT! I couldn't be more pleased and I give Phoenix Custom Tailors my highest recommendation!"  I dealt with Jessica very professional and friendly the fitting was quick and I  definitely appreciated that since I live in Mesa. Jessica new exactly how I wanted my suit jacket to look she pinned it right were it needed it  she  truly made me feel like a princess. I am so glad that there are people like her in family run shops. Their work is incredible  I saw a cute repair idea on Pinterest. Of course I wanted to give it a try. I however failed miserably at sewing them. I later took my jeans and lace material to Jessica. Who not only fixed my terrible attempt to sew but with her talent it came out better than I could of ever imagined. I will be taking all my repairs to them now on!!" Jessica did a wonderful job hemming my jeans. Would definitely use them again. Such nice people!  I completely agree with Tina!  I went to the Bernina Connection for the first time and was thrilled.  I stumbled on their website and found out that they were open late tonight (Tuesdays only).  They have a wonderful selection of fabrics I hate this place because Gus my sweetie pie spends a ton of money here. But he always gets good extremely friendly service and the best products along with instruction and occasional repairs on his machines. Interesting novelty quilting fabrics for those who are looking for something special." Machines.  Now I have fun sewing and I  love the new fabrics!" I may be switching my brand loyalty from Viking to Bernina very soon.  That and when I worked at Hancock Fabrics when I was 16 I stopped in this store today to check out the latest Amy Butler fabrics. I left feeling inspired and excited about sewing. They offer classes for an affordable price. They had an awesome selection of fabric and the staff was quite helpful. I know I'll be back and hope to take their beginner's sewing class this summer when I have more free time. "Went to the Quilt Exhibit last Friday. Great job to staff & volunteers. Everything was beautiful. Food was fantastic. If you missed this event to promote Ryan House Charity  helpful and enthused staff-- gorgeous fabrics--and great classes. I chose to buy my new Bernina here  I will definitely be attending more of them!" Stopped in here for the first time this week looking for a particular quilting  notion. They didn't have it but were very helpful offering to order it or call other shops to find it for me. Nice selection of fabrics and books & project ideas. I will return another day! I have been using Bernina Connection for years to have Bernina sewing machines serviced. They do an excellent job for a reasonable price and they give a discount for bringing 2 machines in at the same time. Everybody here is very friendly and helpful. They warranty their work and I have never had any problems with the machines I have taken there for service. This was the first quilt shop I've ever been in where I left empty handed."  knowledgable and repairs reasonably priced."  and $40 later... $20-30 just to have my ""tension checked"" when all I needed was a $2 screw. Didn't need my tension checked... It was perfectly fine until I lost the screw! Doubt I'll be back anytime soon Three weeks later and my machine has tension problems like never before. Guess where I won't be going to get it fixed?  looking at all the great bargains to be had! This only happens once a year so don't miss it. Today and tomorrow are the days of the sale. I just love coming here and how welcoming the staff is with a community like atmosphere. I stopped by to see how my grandniece was doing in her Kids Create Class. She has so much fun sewing with peers! Don't forget to stop by tomorrow. Happy shopping!"  and it's not run well since.  It seems they used a substandard lubricant which gums up unless the machine is in a hot room!  The charge was exorbitant as well.  I will be looking for another repair company.  Sally's in Mesa had a wonderful woman named Kay who did the best repairs and whose charges were very reasonable.  Sigh~" *the above was from a few months ago but didn't post due to a user error. I have since been back and fell in love even more. This time I had my two daughters (ages 4 and 1) with me. I hate to say it by many quilt store employees can be rather grumpy and don't have patience for children. The employees here were so welcoming! We walked in and they lead us to a basket of toys just for kids. Every one of them came to talk to the girls or play with them for a minute. Not what I was expecting. I just love this place!" Thank you Bernina Connection--maybe one of these days I'll even sew a quilt!" Just bought a new Bernina sewing maching at The Bernina Connection.  What a great experience! The entire staff was helpful and incredibly friendly. They said hello to customers by their first names. :)  They took a lot of time to talk with me about the sewing machine and go over some initial basics. They offer great support to help get people up and running with several introductory classes. I am really happy to have found this great shop! They also have a fantastic selection of unique and beautiful fabric. Can't wait to go back!  Thank you for such a great experience!! Such a wonderful store with fantastic employees!!! Fabric choices are modern and fun :)  its such an enjoyment to take my dirty laundry too. The location in the breezeway across from AJ's at 44th Street and Camelback Road is hidden from site Take your best items to Hourglass Cleaners." Do Not Do Buisness with these people!!!!!!!!!!"  but it looked perfect when I picked it up! I thanked him for taking such good care of my clothes. The owner is so friendly. He commented on my early start to my morning "Terrible! I have been here several times for patch work and the woman is always so RUDE! I thought the first time it was a bad day but she is just mean. Most of the work was ok Thank You Hour Glass Cleaners!!!!" ttSvZJIckQKN46sLeH_yRw Please take my advice if you care about your cloth and your pride  priced appropriately and convenient and fast! Brad and Sunhi are the owners and work there all the time. They have a real neighborhood feel to the way they run the store and remember customers. They were able to get candle wax out of silk without any change to the fabric or pigment "Hourglass Cleaners is the best dry cleaner / alterations / clothing repair shop in the Valley.  I've been going there for 20 years and they do a wonderful job.  They can handle pretty much anything.  On top of dry cleaning  everything I taken there has been expertly cleaned and they go above and beyond to work with me if I need a quick turn-around.   I'd trust them with my most valuable garment.  Hourglass is truly a FIVE-STAR --for excellent service with a considerate and friendly staff that truly care--a rare combination these days."  but their prices are simply outrageous.  Can't justify returning." Absolutely horrible. My clothes are just as dirty as when I dropped them off. All tey did was press them. If they where in NYC they would be out of business. $21.00 for 2 dress shirts and a sport coat. These guys must be desperate. Horrible ratings ttSvZJIckQKN46sLeH_yRw "The guy that runs this place is outstanding! Always in a chipper mood and makes light conversation. I've only been here a few times and each time he and his staff have been very detailed about the services I need done and it's always ready when they say it will be. Reasonably priced. Great location near groceries There has never been a need for further alterations. Over all this place rocks I have been there maybe a half a dozen times in two years to get some things done and they still always remember me. The staff is really friendly and they can get stuff done in a really short amount of time "A wonderful experience overall.  These guys saved my skin and delivered a custom job that was needed in a matter of hours.  Highly recommended for those in need of a capable To say the least...I feel she needs to retire and put someone else in charge...she has lost a step or two I think. And this store seems much better managed when she is not around  I find they do an amazing job. I have never had a bad job done on any of my pieces. On average I bring a piece a month and are always impressed with the quality. I would not bring a forever 21 dress there to be altered  even before  this incident. If anything they are too nice! How many places do same day alterations? Give them a try!"  pricing seems to change depending on who is working." Expect to pay designer prices." I DO NOT recommend Danese. You can find a seamstress or someone at a drycleaner for half the price or less." "I had an appointment today to get an estimate for a custom made dress.  She was unfriendly I will DEFINITELY be returning for normal bras when I'm done nursing!" The workmanship at Danese Crations is par excellence. From formal wear to everyday wear I have never experienced anything but perfection with the alterations and designs they have done for me. Masterful sewing is a bit of a lost art and Danese Creations is a rare find. My order is always ready when promised and the entire staff is friendly and accommodating. "I went in to Danese Creations to have a custom dress.  I found a picture of a dress I liked in one of the magazines on the counter.  I had a fun time selecting my fabric for the dress.  They were very kind even when I changed my mind a couple of times.  There is plenty of beautiful fabrics to choose from.  And I went away feeling great.  When I returned to try on my dress Will be back 4 a great job"  she tried to quote my cousin at $550. Such a waste of time. I would hope she can read these Yelp reviews and adjust herself and business accordingly."  she rescued my dress twice lol."  but gets the job done and will work with you. I would recommend it!"  these pieces had a secound life! They looked current and  showed no sign of age. We highly recommend Sylvia and her staff" Scylvia at Danese Creations is the best! Her shop is the only place I take my pants and suits to for tailoring. She is really a pro. I've referred many friends and family to her and would recommend everyone go there. Absolutely best place for any alterations! I had taken my favorite pair of pants to another company to have the button replaced because it had ripped through the material and was told that the only way to keep that button without placing a new (completely different button that didn't match) was to hold it in place with a safety pin! I took it to Danese Creations and they reinforced the material and were able to use the original button. It's perfect and looks just as when I purchased them!! They are the best!! The very best place in Phoenix. Wouldn't go to any other place. Very creative and the work is always done on time. I highly recommend Danese Creations without any reservations. Thank you. Chris Adams owner of Adams fiberglass an porcelain" I love Danese Creations. Scylvia is AMAZING when it comes to bra sizing and alterations. She's wonderul to work with and gets the job done with extremely high quality. Highly recommend!  which was HUGE! Danese completely redid my dress and it is now my best-fitting dress. It feels like it was made just for me (which it kind of was)! Danese is a little expensive Danese saved my a** today. Hours before my wedding I called Danese and they agreed 2 hours before closing to alter my reception dress and didn't even charge a rush fee. Amazing!! I love these ladies" "Awkward ""stuck in the 80's"" sort of feel but she does a great job and knows what she's doing. She kept talking about how she really wants to retire already -which is sort of unprofessional in my opinion. But you can tell she only speaks her mind so that's alright I guess. I only went in for a hemming and it was done sooner than I thought which was great. And they did a good job at it  and she told us what and how she could do it to make the dress look amazing and also wearable. So you should be prepared if you have ideas of how alterations should go that she may disagree and will instead have a better idea of how to make your vision happen. I am so Scylvia and her girls at the shop are amazing! I've sent many of my friends there for everything from wedding dresses to getting dress slacks fitted. Thanks Scylvia! Your awesome! I've not needed a formal gown but they're equally lovely and the bead work is amazing. Making another appointment today!"  and have since brought 3 other brides here because Scylvia is the best! Wonderful customer service and extremely high quality craftswomanship! Her prices are consistent with the quality of her work. If you want Walmart prices  the day before the wedding! I rushed into the shop at 8 am and she said she would have no problem getting it done the same day. She was finished by the time I left work! The best part is that she didn't overcharge me for the rush service either. Best tailor in town for sure!" "I sent my daughter in law here to get an alteration on her wedding dress.  I had my wedding dress altered here and it was done efficiently and well priced.  While this place is knowledgeable in what they do  my dress wasn't done when I was promised (And it had been there for almost a month!). Thank goodness I called to check up on it before picking it up! If you leave clothes here and need them for an important date {like a wedding} be sure to call and check up if you're cutting it close with time!" They did an incredible job and are extremely friendly. I was very humbled to find that they had covered the cost of my military uniform alterations - I can't thank them enough and am so glad to see a great military-friendly business in Phoenix. "I just walked into Dannese's Creations to pick up several items I left two weeks ago. I was told it was going to be done last Saturday. I never received a phone call so I walked in and this is what happened... I walked and Danese herself said to me "" even though I'm a paying customer I'm not as important as her brides are."" In addition because she has had several girls out my things have been put on the last thing to do on the list. I'm sorry but I paid over $300 for approximately 3 alterations and some buttons to be changed on a jacket!! I believe that I'm just as important of a customer as her brides are!  I am sorry but this IS NOT acceptable for someone who charges so much money to fix such a simple hem. I would not recommend this place for a simple alteration as they don't care unless you are bride!! JUST AWFUL AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE AND COMMUNICATION WITH CUSTOMERS!!!!!" "If I could I would give this place no stars. I have a dress that was $15 when I got it but there was a minor design that was missing. My cousin called and talked to the receptionist asking for a quote. She was told it would be $2-$25. Which is reasonable cause the design was tiny. So my grandma took it here to see how much it would be. $58 it came out to!! I was in school when she went so unfortunately I couldn't go. I was upset that she charged so much so I instantly called to speak to the owner. She was busy so she called me a few hours later. When she called I had told her about the quote that the receptionist gave my cousin. She told me ""We would never give THOSE prices let alone give pricing over the phone. Your cousin was wrong because we don't do that"" Woah. I find that to be quite rude. If my cousin was wrong she could've said that they don't give pricing in a kind manner. I don't think that my cousin would just make something like that up. So I asked why was it $58 for something so small? Apparently because shes ""wasting her time on my dress and has to buy beading"" Thats absolutely ridiculous. She also told me that she gave my grandma a deal. I personally don't believe so. I took the dress somewhere else to get a quote and they told me $35 plus they were extremely nice and had great customer service. After the situation over the phone my grandma picked up the dress. The receptionist then tried to keep the hanger from my dress but my grandma would not let her. Seriously my experience with this place was awful. There are so many other places you can go to all over the valley that are great quality and cheaper!"  Sylvia stood out as the most capable and knowledgable. She made me a jacket in a style that was probably far removed from her typical work and it turned out great. Sylvia's work speaks for itself. She's also pretty badass if you can get to know her for a minute." "I came in on a last ditch effort to get my bridesmaid dress altered to fit for a wedding that was 3 days away. (turns out the place I bought the dress from had it taken in a size so it no longer fit- left them a review too) Not only did Sylvia have my dress done on time Great job. She was quick to do my alteration as a walk in since I was in a pinch. Great job and great quality. I'll come back in the future! Thank you! I had an amazing experience here. Mila The owner was amazing she took me in last minute to fix a pair of pants she was so amazing and knew I needed them for Saturday that she fix them on the spot best experience ever I was in and out in less than 10 minutes I have gone here many times and they always do a great job! I had a last minute alterations that I needed done for a party and they had such a quick turn around time and very resonance prices. They don't accept cards so just make sure you have cash when you go to pick your items up. Went to get my jeans altered. From flare to boot cut. Picked up and now I have a pair of skinny jeans. Good quality but now I'm out a pair of jeans. Will not go back. The new owners did a terrible job on hemming my daughters school skirts.  Not only did I wait 3 weeks for the skirts but with in a month all the hemming came undone on all the skirts.  I mentioned this to a friend who also had a few things hemmed she had the same problem and went back to have her dresses re hemmed. I will not be going back."  Mila does excellent work or Becky would not have used her as long as she did. Becky eventually sold the business to Mila and she moved back to the Middle East.  Mila does excellent work and is delightful to deal with." I made a call to Becky mid-March just like I do every year for my daughter end of year formal alterations. I was surprised to learn that she had sold her shop and moved. I figured her replacement would be fine since Becky had done such top notch work I had no doubt that the new owner would be just as good. Unfortunately that was not my experience. I was initially quoted $140 but when I received her call for pickup she had raised the price an additional $40. I refused to pay as I agreed to the set price. She did abide to the $140 but was very rude during the final fitting. I am very supportive of small business owners as my husband and I ran one for 22 years. Hopefully she will read this and learn that you cannot treat your customers that way if you want to be successful. I will not be returning to Phoenix Alterations. I went in recently to have the sleeves on a new jacket brought in. The shop owner was a friendly older woman. She precisely how much to bring the sleeves in by and was able to do it in a reasonable amount of time. "Had a pair of pants taken in and caught my heel on the hem so half of it needed to be sewn. $18 for the alteration and $5 for the hem (really a few stitiches?). Told me they would be ready on Wednesday (dropped off on Sat) didn't make it there until Friday "I took a $228 pair of Citizens for Humanity jeans in to K-Family to be hemmed. Despite the obvious quality of the garment and my expressed concern about the stylized appearance of the jean that would be compromised by the hem  you do a very good job.  I have taken numerous shirts and trousers to him and he makes sure that they fit according to my specifications. Examples: Shirt sleeves shortened and darts added so that it fits closer to the body. Trousers hemmed pTtB_1qCecy4BonW2z65jg The customer service could've been a wee bit more friendly. But overall Been coming here for years and have always been happy with the tailoring. Quick turn and reasonable prices - certainly worth not having to do it myself. "I've been coming here for about two years. I have found the quality of work to be satisfactory and the speed of service to be consistently good. My most recent visit  on a saturday and asked to have my dress taken in a bit..also asked her if it could be ready same day. Even though I know she was super busy she happily did it and did a phenomenal job...thank you Thomas tailoring! !!!" "I needed to have an airmen's uniform shorten and decided to give this place a try. Amazing work ladies!! Price was reasonable for what I was asking for. Turn around time was a week! I'm very pleased and am ready to rock Comicon! I only wish they took debt or credit card MafBNNCJRP0Ph4I_hwR7Qw I used Rodica's services almost 25 years ago and again today.  My daughter has used her as well ... I have found Rodica to be absolutely great! Her prices are very reasonable and her work is good quality.  The only reason I didn't rate 5 stars is because of her hours (have to leave work early to get there by 4) - otherwise quite satisfied. 