 I've already recommended one of my friends and saved her the hassle of starting the quote process from scratch. Let me save you the trouble too...call Mark." Highly recommend Budget Blinds in Charlotte Huntersville." I would unhesitatingly recommend Budget Blinds."  we were in a new home and did not have access to internet so I couldn't verify what I received against the email.  Make sure you also get a proper bill receipt with description at the time of the order so you can easily verify upon delivery.  The installer was unable to read the order form which had codes and handwriting all over it." I love working with this family run business. We have used them two times for shutters and drapes. They always answer questions and the installations look great. We will be using them again soon! If you don't mind a long wait "This has been one of the worst customer service experiences I have had with a company. We ordered two blinds and they both were supposed to be bottom-up/ top-down blinds. Both were incorrectly ordered. When we notified the designer she was unresponsive and the store employees were similarly unhelpful. I conservatively left at least 10 messages with poor to little response each time being redirected to the designer who was unresponsive and getting no help from the store. In the end I decided it was not worth it and just kept the incorrectly ordered blind (one was replaced probably because it was a standard size) which I believe was their strategy all along (to avoid having to pay for a new custom-sized blind). They did not even honor their return policy on one of the blinds despite the fact that we followed their archaic fax form procedure. To be fair the blinds seem to be of decent quality and are doing their job. However  so I had to pick out new hardware. When the installer came they didn't give the poor guy all the parts. Had to wait another week or so and he came back to finish. Took 3 months from start to final install. Communication was poor. Never had any kind of follow up call to see whether we were happy. Won't recommend and won't use them again. I would try to find a local non-francise business."  it was like new with double stitching around the zippers. I was so impressed that I took my boat back in for them to make a custom Cockpit cover. They had it completely fitted with buttons and a support pole. It was a perfect fit." We were in the market for sun sails and called Phoenix Tent to come and give an estimate.  The salesman had zero interest in working with us and basically treated us as if we had wasted his time.  light duty zipper operating.   The old one was replaced at my insistence with a zipper suitable for an expedition to Mount Everest a Kansas observation tent for twister watchers  and I will be a repeat customer if the need ever arises."  Rick was able to cut the cost down from the initial estimate he quoted us for the repair of three blinds/shades.  We were very pleased with Jeannie's Blind Repair He fixed the tilt problem and replaced broken gears while I waited ( about 5 minutes). He gave me good instructions for rehanging my miniblind. The price was very reasonable and he even carried the blind in and out from my car to the shop. This is the second time I have used this company and would highly recommend them to anyone. Just leave a message and they will call you back.  great value and service versus buying new at %-10X the cost. Will use again." Went on their website and requested a callback 3 days ago. Still waiting for them to call. I don't normally leave reviews but Heath was so amazing and helpful I wanted to share my great experience. A rescue dog ate 6 (yes 6!) sets of my plantation shutters :( Heath was so awesome he took such great care of me!! He was so honest and genuine and even followed up with me to make sure I was happy afterwards. Such a rare thing these days to know you are being taken care of by a good person. I would recommend him to anyone looking for quality blind repair.  and they were fixed in minutes! The price was very fair compared to what we were quoted elsewhere. We would definitely return for any future blinds repair!" They've fixed many of my blinds over the years. Always did a great job.  polite and he knew his stuff.  Cared about the little details.  Very affordable.  They are family run so you get that personal touch.  Highly recommend them."  or anything to do with window coverings  is that she charged me about 30% more than she quoted.  I was told that she could fix my slider for the $65 service charge and she would inspect the other blinds for problems.  She made a few minor repairs and found a blind that needed to be restrung.  She said the charge would be $75 "We were very pleased with this company's work.  Proprietor Cindy got back to us promptly and courteously - a couple of other companies didn't even call back.  She came for our smallish job Responded promptly when emailed to set up appointment. Salesman was very helpful and installer professional. Got the screens up quickly and neatly. Pleased with their services. The oldest ones are a year old and still fit tight and are not faded at all. The new screen door is looking good too."  I relied heavily on Mike's honesty and experienced on picking out the perfect screens. The screens were ready a week later and Tom did a great job on the instilation. They deffinatly darken the rooms I had to call 3x  before I got a call back for an estimate.  Still went with the company. Paid 50% and waited 1.5 weeks before I HAD TO CALL to see what the status was...they were done but never called tell me..now let's see how long it takes before they finish the job. Frustrated customer. Good company. I had them put sun screens on 2 houses. I immediately noticed a temperature difference. They provide good customer service. Del even fixed an internal screen that was damaged free of charge. Had to come back twice to get the screens right. First guy couldn't use a measuring tape correctly.  First installer was not very friendly. Decided to do one more window on their site has email us. Filled out twice no response. So far customer service is none would use some one else if dud again "Enjoying our new sun screens! Great price 