 and even let me know about a sale going on.  The selection and quality of shoes is wonderful.  You won't get cheap shoes here but you will get the best. Worth every cent." Located at the Waterfront parking can be a bit difficult but there is usually ample parking in the back of the complex." CONS: Traffic to the store (one lane) got pretty congested. Wouldn't give me a coupon that I had forgotten at home but that's not a big deal." "I head straight back to the clearance! That's where you'll find the best deals. You will be able to see your savings when you check out because it's calculated on your receipt. Im a huge proponent of going after summer and winter seasons to stock up for next year - boots "I have no idea why I've lived close to this DSW for nearly a year and had never shopped here before! This week Keep up the good work - and the great assortment - and I'll be back often!"  my shoe collection has no room for additional pairs - but once things clear up a bit I will say that their return exchange policy is reasonable .  there is that ." "This is a fun shoe store in a great neighborhood. Prices are reasonable. The selection is great  just pass right by Ten Toes and don't give them the satisfaction of taking your money for shoes that you won't be able to wear :(" Make sure to stop in and say hi to them next time you are in Shadyside." Really?! Wouldn't you want the sale? Try to at least offer to order the shoe I was interested in for me which would make me want to visit this store again and give them future business? I know it's a hassle to special order things and running the risk of a customer not purchasing the item. I hate to compare business's but I know Little's in Squirrel Hill does it  he simply added some padding and the shoe fit just right. I am glad I discovered this place  pointed me in the direction of the perfect pair of reasonably priced shoes and I was off :)" If you have not tried this place out I would highly recommend it." yp4Erq_kG7Zi6Bssc07Oxg "This store is limited to a certain type of shoe... I think maybe some people would call them ""cute."" I was looking for something more functional and a little cooler (casual sneakers) and they definitely don't carry those here. Lots of ""cute"" boots and heels if you're looking for just that." "This place is just fantastic.  Not only do they have an amazingly cute and unique selection but the service is the best I've ever experienced.  I have gone in there with a dress I need shoes for or even just a picture of a dress and they manage to find me the perfect shoe.  They consider every aspect of the shoe buying process and I find myself looking forward to special events  they have a wide selection.  I bought WANTED brand boys and they're so comfortable!  I walked the rest of walnut street in them!  Thanks guys!" I live out of town but will shop here whenever I am in the burgh."  so finding them here at Ten Toes was a great surprise. They are inexpensive but seem well made for the price. I ended up purchasing two pairs - embroidered pointed-toe flats and wedge cage sandals - that are both the Restricted brand. My SIL's experience wasn't quite as positive as she felt one of the owners was a little overbearing. She is a private person and likes to shop on her own without a lot of questions. However  and do yourself a favor and get lunch two doors down at Austin's!" Great customer service and an awesome selection! The staff is very helpful and can special order anything you need. Great prices and super close to CMC-Main. I love coming to buy my scrubs here!! This store has a huge selection of nursing uniforms. All colors and styles! Just the place I have been looking for!  but unfortunately nothing too attractive here. I guess you'd need to trade style for comfort if you are into these shoes. The shoes are ""handmade by master shoemakers"" Yes they are expensive - but the goods are truly quality.  I wear Mephistos and Danskos as ""slippers"" around the house - they truly are more comfortable than my slippers." EXpensive shoes. Light. Well made. Comfortable. Long lasting. Stylish? Meh.  but I couldn't find anything I would purchase here (a pair of flip flops on sale was still going for $75). The clothing was pretty basic. If you are in the area it may be worth a look  but it's been a while since I've sported such a preppy style.  If that's your thing then go for it  shoes and clothing. Staff has always been very sweet and helpful. While there are plenty of shops to check out in SouthPark  they will not get my money.  It is a shame  that there are still people in this city that are so snobby.  You never know who has money to buy but you judge them on how they look or if you know them.  Embarrassing  for Charlotte."  but they do piercings too.  Like the kind you can't go to the mall to get.  I've never actually gotten pierced here but I've heard they do a very good job."  twenty dollars for everything all day long.  The good thing about this place is that they carry Serial Killer shirts and I love 'em.  They feature movies like Taxi Driver and Pulp Fiction.  Even though they have false advertisement outside the store  with the Red Door and Adam and Eve right around the corner. It's a great place to go with girlfriends!" I was very pleased with the service I got in a 'self serve' store.  I thought their prices and selection was very good.  We will be back  I have googled the style and color before purchasing numerous pair of shoes to find the price I'd pay on Amazon is comparable. This fact combined with the buy one get one 1 2 off deal that is running all the time has made me a loyal customer!"  and fantastic service. I got everything I needed quickly and efficiently and with interesting conversation." Great service. My husband found the shoes he was looking for. The sales associate was funny and interactive. We will be back. After leaving empty handed from many shoe stores I was sooooo happy to find a place where the staff really wanted to help you and have fun in the process.  Can't say enough good about Cody and his team.  My grand daughter loved her shoes and would not take them off.  She said she looked like a fashion girl:) Definitely check out Champaign Surplus.  They rule!"  and even though the boots were scuffed (I thought I was careful) they gave me a credit.  They have my business (after 30 years of shopping there) and they will continue to.  This is why we should all shop locally.  Service like this won't be found at a chain store or online." gtBLo6tkIsU-OlUegS5RzQ I only knocked off a single star because - presumably due to the small size of the store - I have had the occasional problem getting the right size. It's a minor problem  it just keeps going and going and it's packed full of great stuff. They have the biggest selection of Keen shoes and Smartwool socks that I've seen in Champaign-Urbana." My only complaint is what they don't have: a very good library re: local options to hike/canoe/etc. or an electronic kiosk or something along those lines. I had a bunch of questions about local places to go and they weren't able to give me much help. The employees wanted to help "This is for sure the best place to go for your outdoor/winter clothes needs. They have a nice selection of stuff and the prices seem just about right. Their camping and sporting stuff is pretty aweosme too. I also really like the back end of the store with the actual army/navy surplus stuff (racial discrimination) If you don't look like a typical person from Champaign  the less said about that the better.  But then army surplus places always creep me out a little with a militia member vibe." "This is a nice store: lots of great brands and selection.  Prices reflect the good brands -- don't expect a bargain. The real downside for me as a plus-sized shopper is that they don't carry anything for women in plus-sizes and have a very limited selection of men's things 2x.  I was also hoping that as a surplus store they'd carry more gear. They have some Hubby found a cute cap here for our upcoming cold-weather trip." Good quality and good service once you find someone to help. "For our area this is a good military surplus store. You need to walk to the far back to see what they have to offer. They carry abig line of domestic & international military clothing & gear. They also carry fort knox & alpha jackets and coats. They are type of the line clothing for the field and casual use.They also have a big line of camping equipment Went there today. Good service and some good tips. thought it was very pricey pricey and not enough bargains...quality stuff at big prices On the internet there are no blank stares..."  I was pleasantly surprised to discover that Champaign Surplus sells high-end outdoorsy products in addition to military surplus items.  This store is always well-stocked and well-staffed."  and if the person you're asking doesn't know something they know who to ask (go on weekends if you're looking for the hard-core grizzled mountain men type guys who know all the knots in the world and how to arm wrestle a bear)."  and Marmot gear in every color imaginable than I think I've seen in most other sporting goods stores.  While many of their items are out of the price range of a penny-pinching college student "A fantastic local supply store for explorers and outdoor adventurers. The extent of their offerings is immense and impressive as this is the companies only location. Since the main content is all about presenting an unparalleled quality  don't come here expecting actual military surplus. They have very little of this kind of stuff.....think of them more like an outdoor supplies store. They charge extra for bags so don't forget to bring your own!" "I've been shopping at Champaign Surplus since 1969. Yesterday I took in a pair of fairly expensive Wigwam socks which after three washings had a hole along the toe seam from defective stitching. When I asked to exchange them she also has her own clothing line which is worth checking out."  and most importantly the Eileen Fischer line. How can you not love comfort and sleekness all in one? Anyway It's demeaning and unnecessary. It's not worth the visit. Bella is more professional." "I totally agree with Jade.  The moment I walked throught the door I felt like Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman . . .the store where she got rejected!  The clerk was staring at me like I was some kind of a kleptomaniac.  The shop was just okay for me.  Some things were very chic and appropriatley priced for chic  so you can be sure that anything you purchase there is the absolute best. The jewelry is incredible and the staff is helpful and honest when you need an opinion on something you are purchasing. LOVE it there!"  that will last many years with amazing style.  I love that I know I won't be walking down the street and see 8 people in the same piece of clothing like items you find at the mall.  Also "Every so often I'll try this place out and I manage to always find something that I have to have. It's a bit pricy  but the feeling is overcompensated by wearing a Skunkfunk dress over jeans under a smart Skunkfunk coat. That's how I sleep at night. In my Skunkfunk fancies." ByGm22_DaFNTWGPlQ20E5Q "Worst shopping experience ever. All their sales associate were walking around without doing anything useful for the customers. When I finanlly approached them for help Seems like I am not the only one. The store just SUCKS." "I got to give this location ""5"" stars. Every time I visit I am always greeted the moment I walk through the door. Plus everyone is always so helpful. I stopped by yesterday real quick to grab some shoe insoles. The gentleman who greeted me was very nice. He got me in and out very quick and thanked me for coming in. I am always impressed with this location. By the way this store is always so neat and clean. It sure does ""pay more to payless!"""  I agree with Alicia.  I always receive friendly and genuine service at this Payless.  The employees are very kind hearted and seem to enjoy thier jobs." They are holding up better than her Stride Rite shoes  etc. I bought a pair of high heels for work that are a nude color and they are the most comfortable high heel shoe that I own. Plus you can't beat the prices! Friendly staff too!" Walked into the empty store where there were three employees working and only one greeted us. When customer service is everything this store is nothing! Wish I would have gotten their names.  and call me whenever something potentially to my liking comes into the store. Highly recommended." Thanks Tom and Allen Edmonds!"  Saucony...  and much much more.  They also carry a nice selection of clothing and running accessories.  The sales people are full of good information or training and clubs if you are new to the sport.  Very warm and friendly 4. a nike running shirt with a zip screen pocket for my number so i don't have to find pins all the time.  Looks good  once you find the pair that works for you buy them online after that... that way you can take the money you saved and buy those sweet super thin These guys know their stuff.  They've also been around forever and know every race and course in the state and then some.  run right over to Runner's World and pick up a pair! Your body will thank you." The people were pretty supportive in trying to give me advice last year when I had very bad shin splints and I wasn't there to buy anything. One salesman adjusted my shoes for me by putting the insoles of my old pair inside for extra cushioning. It seemed to do the trick. It's definitely a place where you are rarely steered wrong." P6H-p8fXbPq8VjO4kLTz4A  they were trying to talk me into training for a 1/2 marathon). I ended up with a great pair of shoes (and thus much happier joints now that I have real shoes) and somehow a mini support network. Great  and the parking situation blows."  and noticed that my $40 bargain shoes from Kohl's weren't cutting the mustard anymore. Runner's Den was recommended by more than one friend so I thought I'd check it out. The salesman was very thorough  and I've been even doing a BOOT CAMP lately... and needed some better shoes.   I had great service  or equipment...or even information about current marathons this is the place to go. Experienced Staff P6H-p8fXbPq8VjO4kLTz4A  you may wait for a spot.  Skip the Suburban and take the Mini-cooper."  and are very easy to deal with.  Give them a shot!" Everyone here is awesome at making sure you walk out of the Den with the right pair of shoes on your feet. We were probably going back and forth with color and comfort for about an hour. Thanks Runner's Den" this is one of those few places where you leave (having spent more money than you planned on) and still feel like you can conquer the world." If I knew that I was going to commit to running long enough to spend the money at Runner's Den then I Definitely would be back to this neighborhood staple.  Their customer service and know how has won me over!"  but I walked away with just a so-so feeling about the place. Which is a bummer- I love to support locally owned anything The employees are very knowledgable about their products and give you great feedback on what product is right for you. They have pretty decent prices on their shoes and a decent selection of styles and colors. The only grip I have about this place is that their parking lot is a little tricky.  but it is sad when a corporate giant like Footlocker is 40% less then a Ma and Pa shop like this place. I feel like they over complicate the process of buying a pair of running shoes and that is how they charge so much helpful and knowledgeable staff.  but I just looked up the shoe I bought on the Nike website and it's exactly what I paid in the store.  Even if it was marked up I think I'd still go to the Runner's Den just because I know I'd be getting the right shoe." It will probably be a good place to pick up the little things like goo You won't find a better runner's shop anywhere." Thank you Runner's Den for having the most knowledge  so almost equivalent costs once you pay to have them mailed).  I also purchased a Buddy System hands-free leash for $2 more than the online price.  Obviously I can't speak to every item in the store  they let you return your shoes if you wear them once or twice and decide you don't like them.  I don't think ANYONE else does that.  HIGHLY recommend them!!" Runner's den is a family owned and operated business for over 35 years now and there is a good reason for that."  etc...  He had me remove my shoes and examined my feet.  He then had me walk back and forth.  He quickly noticed a slight anatomical difference in the foot on the leg that was giving me knee pain.  He also measured my feet and found my left one to be 1/2 size larger.  He suggested three different models that would be ideal for me.  I told him I was partial to Saucony so he grabbed me a pair.  I put them on and we went outside and I ran back and forth on the sidewalk.  They felt great.  The best thing is was the model which was best for me was the $99 one - not the $140 one I would've purchased if on my own.  I'm a mid-foot striker with little pronation issues.  Most of the expensive shoes are for heel strikers or those with pronation issues.  I also purchased a shoe 1/2 size larger than normal as I've always been trying to fit my larger foot and compromising on overall comfort.  I've been wearing shoes too small for me in the past.  It's a small store with an excellent reputation so you may have to wait if they're busy.  Also  so I don't think I'll just hop in for random little things  though. The employee who helped me was extremely nice. Parking leaves a bit to be desired; I recommend turning off 16th Street onto Maryland and parking on the Maryland Street side of the building."  I was overwhelmed from all the choices! Good thing the salesperson knew what would be best and had been very helpful throughout the whole thing. Learned a lot from all the tips he gave too!" I think I'm gonna hunt around for another place to get my gear." Anyone that runs frequently should been fitted for shoes here. They are very knowledgable and their prices are reasonable.  so I took them back and they fitted me for a different pair. They took back the other pair no problem. Turns out my hip pain wasn't because of the shoes (it was bursitis)  but get the assistance you need from the staff to help you pick the right shoe"  which I DO sometimes. He said after 90 minutes your body starts burning muscle so this energy gel stuff helps to stop that. you're suppose to take it around the 45 minute mark. I bought Honey Stinger and Gu gel products."  they don't overprice the shoes like many other places and I can get in and out no problem. I have purchased all three pairs of my VFF's here and will continue to do so in the future. PLUS they just started a rewards system so every $250.00 you spend you get $25 to spend towards your next purchase!"  we got there a few minutes after 5pm on a Sunday.  There were still people inside and the manager was nice enough to let me come in and buy some shoes even tho' they were closing up.  The staff is knowledgable about shoes and if you want someone who knows what they are doing to help you with your tennis (or running) shoes "The staff is knowledgeable about shoes and if you want someone who knows what they are doing to help you. They treat every customer with full attention. I have gone there to purchase tennis shoes. Salesman was friendly and provide me shoes fit my feet "Barry was my salesman and shoe fitter-onner and was very nice. I bought some shoes there but then after I joined a swim team one of my feet began to hurt. I went back and Barry explained that it was not the shoe  every person I've worked with there was a runner. They even have you run in shoes before buying them to ensure they fit properly. They also have running clinics on the weekend."  I was seriously questioning if I even knew how to run in front of this audience. Then they'll evaluate how your running looks in the shoes. I tried on two pairs before we found the perfect fit. Yes  I've Jim suggested I try out their group runs on Wednesday evenings. I'm not a fast runner but this group is rather kewl. The store is so much closer to home and I feel as though I actually matter as a customer than just another sale. Runner's Den is my running store again! Cheers***"  They truly do a great job!"  he watched me run in the shoes I was wearing and then recommended three pairs to try. He watched me run in each pair and I decided on a pair of shoes that feel great. Well Don't walk in thinking you'll be looking at stylish Nikes or anything  but I know enough to know I needed to replace my old Sketchers before my feet fall off. After asking a few of my marathon-running colleagues Take their advice based on the way the staff watches you run." Very helpful staff. Great place to get advice on running and make new friends thanks to the group runs!  but the service more than makes up for the price. Other stores make you fend for yourself." I love how knowledgeable and friendly the employees are. Always leave with a great shoe and really feel like I am taken care of. Have been coming for 3+ years and will continue! This place has outstanding service!  My overall impression of the service was very eventful while leaving the shoe shop with new trips and tricks to help me improve my running game.   If you run twenty plus miles per week this is a must visit shop.  is an uplifting soul who is passionate about running. The entire staff is knowledgeable about running and upcoming events. This makes the 12th pair of shoes I have purchased! Thanks RD!" If you need new shoes and are unsure as to what kind to get  one guy gave me a detailed comparison between different types of cushioning in two pairs of shoes I was thinking about buying.  You just can't get that kind of info from big box stores.  They also look at your feet  it rocks! I'm definitely coming back for my next pair of shoes." Runner's Den does sponsor some good runs and they give you the opportunity to try many different shoes. If you're a hardcore runner or brand new you may love this store  both my friend and a doctor recommended I check out runner's den. Really glad I did. I have never had a sales associate be so professional and informative--he spent nearly an hour helping me pick out the right shoe! Really glad I went. Thanks  who also found her experience to be top notch.  I look forward to shopping here again! I can't sing Kelly's praises enough  a great place to be fitted for running shoes whether you're just starting out or have been running for a long time." I attended the running workshop led by Barry and it was amazing. It was super helpful and I learned a lot about running in general as well as my specific gait. Then because of that awesome work I went to the other side of the store and bought a pair of shoes that they helped me find specifically for my foot and gait. I will definitely be coming back here for my next pair of shoes. These guys know what they are talking about!  So helpful on fitting me for shoes for my first half marathon...got rid of my knee pain!!!  I thought I would have to live with running knee pain for the rest of my life....turns out I was in the wrong shoe!!!! Went to this store to buy shoes for my husband and the sales rep was so honest and open that he talked us out of buying that type of shoe for the sake of my husband's back health. We hugely appreciate this type of honesty and integrity and husband said I could buy a new sports bra just so we could support them!! Sports Bra was on sale and is one of the best I now own. We will go back there for everything we need to support a business that puts integrity over profit. Runner's Den is a Runner's paradise. I run a running group in the area and the store has been extremely supportive of every group member that has stopped in the store and even offered a group discount for buying shoes. There involvement and sincerity with the run community is unmatched. They have one of the best running clinics in the valley. They want you to be successful from having the skills to run correctly to the gear to achieve it. I recommend this business for all your running needs. They are truly the best. Totally awesome experience and I will be back!! As the weather cools I'm gonna need some colder weather gear...." "Where do I even start? I love this place. Every time I have visited I feel like I'm part of the family at Runner's Den. I have been to so many specialty running stores all across America and Runner's Den is hands down the best. The staff is knowledgable and friendly and I've never felt rushed. I love all things running and I could LIVE in this store. Thanks She didn't care and it showed. I'll buy them elsewhere."  but he took an inordinate amount of time helping me get the right shoe by letting me walk with them down the sidewalk   they were perfect!  The stall are knowledgeable professionals. This is the ALL TIME best experience I have ever had when it comes to fitting athletic shoes. Thank you Runners Den!"  they are true runners but I've been in enough times now that I've realized that they are just sharing their passion for the sport and not trying to be elitist or intimidating. Plus it's the closest running store to my house Very helpful & knowledgeable staff. The new shoes have made my running a lot easier.  Thank you!  I was pleasantly surprised to try out a new pair of running shoes (I dutifully run in Mizuno Wave Riders) and I loved them so much I added them to my rotation. This is my go-to store for running shoes This place is the best... The customer service was amazing. They spent time explaining my current shoe style and what I need for my running style. I wish I could give them 6 stars because they deserve it. I will never buy another running shoe from anywhere else. There's a reason that Runner's Den has been around since 1974 and hopefully will be around for many more years!" Thanks for helping me!" P6H-p8fXbPq8VjO4kLTz4A Another awesome experience at Runner's Den! The salespeople are so very friendly and patient (even when I came in 20 minutes before closing). Nate helped me tonite. He offered great suggestions and didn't pressure me into any one shoe. Runner's Den is my running shoe store of choice!! I'll never visit another. I also noticed on the wall that do have a frequent podiatrist that visits and will provide a free consultation on any running injuries you may inquire while wearing their shoes."  and we did. "" It's interesting to me how much business can actually be lost with just one single irresponsible and inappropriate statement. I will never give my money to them again so long as there's some snooty kid getting a cut and it remains acceptable to respond to customers that way. He did make it a point to mention earlier that he's part of they family which owns the business so he does get commission. My husband P6H-p8fXbPq8VjO4kLTz4A  Friendly and full of helpful tips to keep me running pain free! They had everything I needed such a great experience .. Highly recommend !" now if you're looking for foot locker flash... stick to the foot locker  ..its not that type of place.  its geared for actual runners..wonderful." This store was recommended by an avid Marathon runner.  We went in to see if we could find a good pair of hiking shoes (for another long hike at the Grand Canyon.)  Ended up buying two pairs of hiking/trails (his and hers) shoes and a lightweight accessory to wear.  Selection good for what you're looking for and need but not many styles to choose from.  Must check it out.  Would recommend to EVERYONE looking for a good pair of running or hiking shoes.  but all around an excellent experience.  I will most definitely send more people to that store.  AND they give a military discount." A few weeks ago a woman told me that Famous Footwear is great about returns even without a receipt. I crossed my fingers and took his shoes in to exchange them for a new pair. I was pleasantly surprised when they exchanged the shoes for me without a fuss or dirty look. I really appreciated the understanding given to my situation and the smooth process of exchanging the defective shoes." I went into the store today and 2 girls were chatting with a customer/friend at the front door. They didn't look at me or acknowledged the fact that I walked in. I wondered around the store looking and tried so shoes on and decided to wait until the customer left to see if they would say hello. Well...the customer left and they continued to stay up front talking. They never once acknowledged me. I proceeded to walk out of the store and they didn't even look at me or say bye. It was the worst service I have had in a long time. I could have taken the entire store and these 2 wouldn't have known. Very very poor service. I feel bad for whoever is paying them. Great customer service last night I can't remember her name darn it but she was so patient I downloaded the app and all for the additional discount coming back for my daughters shoes for school tomorrow . Went to get boots for my daughter who is size 11. I wasn't very optimistic I would find a pair on x-mass eve in her size. But I did! Super cute! They had 3-4 to choose from that were in her size! I'm amazed and I was literally out of there in less than 10 min!!!! it was a pretty shitty way to outright profile what you think can't afford to shop in your store...." "This is a great store.  The men's section is wonderfully edited with a great selection from their many lines (blue label "Terrific store in a wonderful shopping center. Men's selection was plentiful as was the terrific service provided by Hector. I was pleased to find a selection of black label options as well. Definitely recommend spending an afternoon ( weather permitting as this is an outdoor shopping center ) here walking around I had the worst experience in my life the had some lady working there was very rude I don't if she was the manager or sales Representative I believe her name was Hanna she was very unprofessional I am sorry to say that but I well never shop there again I always go to the different location in the Phoenix area but never again well I go to that location  the choices are slim. They have about three different bathrobes to choose from and not much in the skivvie department either. I prefer Needless much more then Slack's. I'm just sayin'..."  she helped me pick out the best scented candle and carefully wrapped it up for me in that special Jo Malone way complete with black grosgrain ribbon and black tissue paper.  Another highlight of the store for me was the handbags dept.  Oh my.  So many wonderful styles and brands.  I could spend hours there just touching and feeling the merchandise.  Oh If I could only figure out how to make a few boatloads of cash to purchase some of these wonderfully marketed objects  very conservative. I would just say boring. But yet I enjoy looking at it all. I do not know if they still do or not; but we used to get diamond studded dog collars in the fine jewelry. Hmmm I wonder where those are."  so obviously they have very upscale merchandise. They carry the best of the best designers...BUT-b/c Saks at the Biltmore is such a small store Went to Saks over the summer couldnt get help from anyone yet it wasnt busy. If you dont look like a million bucks dont run inside here! They wouldnt throw fire on your burning body!  the shoe and handbag departments are like candyland. total fantasy!!! it was all i could do to keep from grabbing something and running like hell... :o)"  give Lindsay a call... you will not be disappointed!"  in other words... I do not like the sales staff in that department though... Ive had a couple of experiences and they could use a bit of know how in the personalizing and customer service department... But I think for the most part...Saks rates high on the mark."  and the people they hire in the departments know their stuff. All employees are friendly and attentive and they treat you like gold. Products are of the highest quality and all the name brands are top-of-the-line. Of course "Great customer service which is not as pushy as Neiman Marcus. Love the cosmetic and purses here. I think the show selection should be much larger and have a wider variety. Saks does have great sales and promotions. A cosmetic promotion just ended where you got a tote bag with samples inside if you spend at least $75. At Neimans their cosmetic gifts require a $100 purchase Lillian at the NARS counter walked over to help us and couldn't have been nicer or more knowledgeable about all of the make-up lines that Saks carries.  She sold us all a little something and I guarantee that the next time I'm in need of some make-up "Saks Fifth Avenue is fabulous when it comes to their make-up dept. They have everything you could imagine. Samples of everything you would like to try.  They will bring you a mini bottle of water when you come in I have gone to this store for their.handbags...i have gotten a few from here...the women in the louis vuitton area were awesome and so friendly...i have come in and bought nothing and had just worked out and they were still so friendly...i have bought three items from louis vuitton area and they were so helpful and not over the top...the women in the fendi area were very nice too...i love the nice cards they send! I wish i could shop here all the time but i cannot afford it...one day...until then this place will be my special treat every now and then...  great quality. Expensive as all hell but you get the best one can buy."  I would have gone down to Scottsdale Fashion Mall myself. B) You assess this charge without even letting a customer know that would be the case? C) $15 to ship a wispy scarf?  Not your best  SO many good choices. Ha! Even I learned there is more than one JMalone. I can't deny loving the fact that my new fav smell is unisex and not too girly. AND hard to find. Since this is about Saks and not JMalone. I will get back to the review at hand! Saks 5th always has what you need and yep  she is very knowledgable and knows all about their selection of handbags. She always has a smile on her face and also very presentable. Thank you for making me feel so welcome :)"  phenomenal service.  They have an excellent assortment of Designers and the staff is super friendly.  I was greeted with genuine smiles and offered bottled water right when I walked in.  Top notch!" The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because shoe sales rack has really dwindled in size over the last year or two. Other than that  that's the ultimate test. I received excellent service in the intimate department. The saleswoman was so friendly and professional. She went above and beyond to help me. I was highly impressed with the staff and the overall organization of the store. It's nice customer service isn't lacking everywhere." "I purchased a David Yurman ring from a really friendly sales person by the name of Eiko last week. She was extremely professional and answered all of my questions.  The jewelry store was pretty empty and I actually was just passing through to get to the shoe department but stopped to window shop.  When I was asking which ring would look better on me I went in looking to find nice fragrances for my husband and I.  I was helped immediately with friendly and knowledgeable associates Ramona in Jo Malone and Tina the Chanel brand manager.  They helped me try several men's and women's fragrances in order to find the perfect one.  I also loved that they threw in some samples to try other fragrances for mixing with the Jo Malone or for winter for my husband.  I felt very at ease while shopping and seeing the huge jewelry department only tempts me more!  Also I saw some yummy Marc Jacobs candles while checking out...  Kourosh asked if he could help me. He is  very knowlegable about the inventory.  He showed me some beautiful shoes and was so patient as I tried on several pair. He has a great eye for style. I would highly recommend that you ask for him if you know exactly what shoes you want Her dedication to her job speaks very highly of her and of Saks. She was professional and extremely kind. I wish all Saks stores are as fortunate as this one to have an employee like her." 9dvuzmf1oF122Y4cZepRVA Personally if I am shopping somewhere as high end as Saks Fifth Avenue where they cater to a higher end clientele I think I deserve good customer service. I came by here today to return a shirt that I had bought recently and received major attitude by the gentleman who helped me. He treated me as though I was an inconvenience to him. I then proceeded to go upstairs to purchase some jeans and the sales guy was rude and made me feel the same way! Horrible and seriously unacceptable and I don't plan on shopping here in the future and you shouldn't either. Louis Vutton service was Perfect."  but selection of men's merchandise is quite limited.  I usually compare jewelry between Needless Mark Up and here as the quality is best.  Problem is that Saks has 1 modest sized jewelry case.  Men's clothing seems to be geared to an older market.  Cologne selection is not bad  and shared it with my friend. We loved the effect in the pictures. It made us look like we had a bronze glow. We even applied it to our chest and shoulders."  they were all nice at first but after I bought it and came back to show them some defects with my wallet they smiled at me and told me I'm pretty much out of luck.  Will never go back." How great is a store that makes you feel so welcome when you walk in the door!  The sales lady (Betty I think) came right over to us yesterday and offered us snacks and waters for the kids.  I bet she has a medical marijuana card." Worst possible customer service experience at LV.  Terrible sales associates.  DO NOT waste your time.  Go to the  Scottsdale location.  my next objective was to find a gift for my Aunt.  I caught the attention of a sales associate named Lulu.  Lulu is an angel!  She stayed with me throughout the course of my search for the perfect item.  We went to practically every department trying on and testing out products.  We went through sunglasses  I love this Saks and will always come back for more." Recently I decided I need to splurge on myself and get a Chanel bag. When I walked in the store there were 4-5 SA. I could feel their stares up and down while they played with their smart phones. I was ignored as I looked around the room to catch someone to make an eye contact with me. It took me 30 seconds to get someone to look at me. 1 customer and 5 Associates and they were all trying to pass on me. I am a well dressed person I always love to come and explore what this asks location has to offer. Lots of nice inventory and very nicely laid out  the only redemption was a lady working in the hat section who was SO gracious and nice I absolutely love Saks Fifth Avenue! Especially the Phoenix location! Here you'll find many different designers as well as the usual Gucci and Prada. Currently they're opening up Arizona's only Givenchy Store Disappointed in their shoe return policy.  I will not shop for shoes there again.  Other high end stores will accept returns even after you have worn the shoes if they don't fit or cause blisters etc.  saks refused to accept a return for a defect in the shoes and doesnt even have a shoe repair person to atleast fix the defect. "love this store! I come here with my dad whenever we are in the biltmore area and I always have amazing service! I prefer this saks to the other locations ( Bev hills Saks has amazing tailoring & alterations that will work with clothing brand not only Saks merchandise."  not one representative looked me in the eye or bothered to ask if I needed assistance. I'm really hoping it's not because we were the only Hispanics. Snooty vibe Luis the manager here is the pinnacle of customer service. Champagne for the men as the women shopped for shoes. This store and the staff are all class.  this is my jam.  I can't help but say hello and chitchat with all the beautiful women at the make-up counters. They are all so pleasant and eager to help me. Especially the tall Serbian woman at the Chanel counter. She always has my favorite lotions  no one asked if I needed help or even bothered to say hi. I went out of my way to say hi to a sales gal who has a stick up her ass with an English accent. I have on occasions experienced lovely sales people. I did manage to find a lovely sales gal downstairs in Gucci who helped me with my handbag purchase today (she made my day!). I may go shopping not dressed up sometimes The sales team was very attentive and helped me find the perfect pair of boots for my girlfriend. Even offered me some water. Nice touch. Found a better deal than the Cole Haans in Macy's. Always a plus. I will be back again."  and top quality shoes I'd be lying if I didn't admit to spending far more time and money at this particular location than I should.  From the Lunargrands to the reflectives and from Wingtips to loafers there is something to be said for any brand that makes shoes that fit with such uniformity and for someone who spends the better part of twelve hours a day on his feet either running or in a professional setting the transferability of CH to Nike is something that cannot and should not be overlooked."  they can always look up your purchase history under your name!  It also makes ordering shoes easier- if they don't have your color or size don't be afraid to ask if they can check to see if they can order it for you.  They're all friendly and happy to help  because the shoe selection is nice but the sales pitch is just too pushy. I left with out buying the shoes I wanted because I just wanted them to let me shop in peace."  I wrote to Cole Haan for a replacement. All they could offer me was a 30% discount off of my next purchase. Pretty poor customer service in my opinion. I really thought Cole Haan quality was superior and that stye would stand behind their products if something went wrong. Turns out I was wrong. Others need to consider this before paying a premium to purchase Cole Haan products."  but I am sure it will not be my last.  I may even look back one day and say that this is when my shoe fetish began.  And it's all thanks to Cindy  how are you? How can I help you?"". There was literally no one else in the store. We wandered a bit while my boyfriend looked at styles he liked and I picked a few as well. We settled on a couple we both liked and asked for my size. She said she didn't have either. I have a larger foot so I expected some difficulty Always  been very helpful shopping at this store.  I had bought several pairs two years ago at the sale to support Phoenix Children's hospital. And continue to buy them today.  good sales. If they don't have your size they will mail them to you at no additional charge" Great selection of shoes and good sales. I bought these shoes and the bottoms were really dirty from the sales floor. The woman working there was helpful and nice Now I am stuck with a store credit for a store that I won't go to again!" 