 which a) is a bitch to pull out with your fingernails or otherwise and b) shows a level of disrespect to the clothing that bothers me. A very wise man once told me that if you aren't receiving the level of service you require from your dry cleaner depsite repeated instructions  I spend more time pointing out their poor quality and returning a second and third time to fix their mistakes than actually saving time. I made the mistake of not inspecting my items at the counter "They do not take pride in their work.  While clothes are usually cleaned and pressed well  and there is usually never a wait. Everything is reasonably priced-about $6 for a skirt or pants IX8FoKD6Gjha0pePoBrSqQ  only people in town I could get same day dry cleaning and be able to pick up on Sunday from the Laundry Factory. Going to these people for now on!" Instead of 2. Giving them one is crime in itself."  been here a few times and it's always been great. Friendly staff Very rude and condescending. They have a way of really getting under your skin within a few minutes of trying to talk to them.  great service. Support local business!" Make sure you call and check their hours... Saturdays are probably your best bet." I brought a shoe here that needed re-glued and it was done the next day and was so cheap.  The store owner was very friendly.  Would definitely do business here again. Insane value.  Great place.  I am so pleased places like this exist." "Long story short - I lost the heel of my favorite pair of well-worn boots - a decade-old pair of Coach leather riding boots that were in otherwise excellent condition. I brought them in tears to Edgewood Shoe Repair thinking they could never be fixed and it would be like losing an old friend. Two days and seven bucks (SEVEN BUCKS !!!) I had them back in absolutely perfect condition  this place is permanently closed." It's so good to see people renovate and repair rather than throw out.  Rick and I have been doing that for years."  Ullrich's came in handy last week.  I broke a heel and they did a great job repairing it.  They've resoled Rick's shoes Needed the heel on my work shoe repaired. I walked in and they fixed it right there and then. Quick and sufficient! Definitely recommend this place to the locals. l6d9-LxY8gM6v7WxehHfwg  make a key. Upon entering Ulrichs (I think it was the owner) was super friendly and I'll give him credit for being somewhat funny. Gave him my keys and in literally 30 seconds flat both keys were made AND they both worked. Usually going to somewhere like Home Depot you have to go back like 3 times for the key to work properly. Not in this case. Overall customer service amazing. Quality of service amazing. Plus super cheap too! $2 bucks a key. Um that's a deal if I ever saw one."  but more importantly great work. I have a pair of heels that no one seemed to be able to fix. Well this place got the job done and done right." "Good spot to come in to get shoes serviced or get a shine. I've had taps plates put on my dress shoes a couple times. Each time I was going to my first ever Pittsburgh Steeler game and I needed to look good. I had ran out of time to order a hat online and I so desperately needed something both functional and stylish to wear to the game and Ullrich's came to my rescue.  I found thee cutest  some of the marks are up but the rest appear to be permanent.  This is after 4 hours of scrubbing.  Ugh.  Pictures are posted of the damage for your viewing pleasure." I won't go any where else."  I was still skeptical about this shop so before I departed after giving my new pair of shoes I asked a one last final request to be EXTRA careful with my shoes. And guess what? He did an amazing job and I am really happy how he got it to be perfectly thin as I wanted." If you do chose Ullirch's I came to this place to get my dress shoes tapped and have rubber protection pads applied on the front half. There are logos on the bottom of the shoes and I told the cobbler to not cover the logos. The cobbler kept saying that he knew exactly what he was doing. In the end "I've been coming here for taps and minor stuff for a year.  I finally needed to resole a pair of shoes I brought my boots here to get fixed. They did a good job however the lady was extremely rude when I came to pick them up. I won't be going here again.  anyway) is very friendly and will chat with you all day if you have the time.  They are reasonably priced (about $10 for a new zipper I found one.  He did a nice job and they were done on time.  No negative issues whatsoever.  I will return the next time I need a shoe renovation." Simply the best.  Even when I am traveling I wait to get to Ullrich's to fix my shoes. The best.  The best!!!  Seriously don't even bother going anywhere else.  The best. I mean this was after their painfully awkward attempt at small talk ...""so you have family in Japan?"" and ""you go to the gym a lot?""... but I'll bear that much for a $12 fix up" Not only is he very friendly but he is fast and has the best and fair prices! He fixed two pairs of shoes for $10 in two days!  I was quoted $32 and two weeks and Northway Shoes and repair!  No reason not to give this great Guy your business!  quick turn around time and a really great shoeshine woman. Two thumbs up from me." Was in desperate need of a shoe shine so I stopped in to Gabriel Shoe Repair and found Mandi. Mandi was friendly and gave my shoes an excellent shine. $5 to revitalize my shoes on my lunch break? Sign me up.  and waterproofed for $30. My mom got new heels on her shoes and it was $10. When she got them back they were shined up real nice. I would go back. Cash only."  was very nice. He even made sure to get them done in just 3 days before I left for vacation when it normally would take a week. For $40 I got 3 pairs of shoes fixed that cost me almost $300. I always prefer to fix things if possible rather than just replacing them  I know... it's independently owned.  Love it!"  will definitely take my business back in the future. Cash only was a bummer but it's s small business I get why it's that way."  I do believe I smell some kind of waterproofer or other conditioner on them! My wife tells me the man at Fox Chapel Shoe Service apologized for this shoe repair being so expensive. He must be crazy! IT ONLY COST $65! I would have paid him $165! I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone. They're the masters I took a high end designer purse to be fixed here! It turned out better tan expected! The fixed the strap without any hint of repair! They do a great job on shoes! Great place to do business! "I took in a very nice pair of leather boots to have shined and waterproofed. They did an excellent job in a timely fashion during a very busy time of year (the holidays). It was also very well priced! I recommend them for any repair  I've had it for 12 years and it is my prized possession. I just dropped both off at Fox Chapel Shoe Service - the boots for a complete re-sole and the bag for repairs that will require the addition of new leather. I've resisted this for a very long time (the leather on my bag is very worn and very beautiful) but I know I can trust them to do it right. I would pay a premium to keep both my boots and my bag in good shape I am so glad that these boots were fixed and I think that I saved myself some cash by having these repaired. I honestly didn't know that getting your shoes repaired could almost turn back the clock!. I will say that I plan on returning not only to have any shoes shined but to have any sort of leather goods repaired (they fix fancy purses and belts too!)" "This place is great. I wear heels and typically have to have the heel cap replaced. I think they do a wonderful job and it's speedy! Recently I took a leather purse in to have it cleaned and freshened up. It came back looking good as new. I have seen many other designer bags in there like LV  they immediately took care of me. No wait. Best spot in Pittsburgh!" Paulette Zanotti Events "I have been going here for years. They do a FABULOUS job and they're always so friendly. I like to support small businesses as much as possible  and the service is extremely fast and friendly. There is something extremely satisfying about a shoe service that doesn't mess around and just gets the job done right-these guys nail that.  Prices are very reasonable and clearly listed for absolutely everything.  I would highly recommend giving these guys a shot for your shoe needs and more."  they told me they could alter 2 pair of pants that I brought. I also had a vest that they said they would not alter. They told me they ""didn't have time for that.""" "Don't allow the first review to stray you away from this wonderful business. I have utilized this services on 10+ occasions and my expectations have been more the exceeded each time. The staff here are incredibly kind and make you want to come back. I have only used this service for shoe repair cleaning "This place is the best tailor and shoe repair in Charlotte.   When I purchase a suit I always have it finished here No stars off for that. Take your items here."  but unfortunately nothing too attractive here. I guess you'd need to trade style for comfort if you are into these shoes. The shoes are ""handmade by master shoemakers"" Yes they are expensive - but the goods are truly quality.  I wear Mephistos and Danskos as ""slippers"" around the house - they truly are more comfortable than my slippers." EXpensive shoes. Light. Well made. Comfortable. Long lasting. Stylish? Meh. Completed my shoe repair within 15 min. Sally was very nice and the cost was reasonable. I'll definitely use them again!  Fabulous. My Mom who is visiting from West Virginia just took a pair of shoes to get them repaired and the experience was super. Quick service qIMm-u4Y-0E5Ew6SXzhWbQ The only shoe repair I know of in a 7 mile radius in this area.  It's a little spooky walking down the corridor between the grocery store and the rest of the strip mall to get to Baker's.  But the friendly staff can help with your basic repair needs.  And turnaround time and prices are reasonable. I'll probably look around for another shop for my next heel build-up."  so I won't dock for that.  I got my keys and I got 'em pretty quick and they work.  That's the quick and dirty of it." I really like this place. Has kind of an old-school feel. I'm planning to take my Birkenstock sandals in for resoling recorking soon  so don't let that fact deter you from having Top Shoe repair your shoes."  and to have the decorative trim around the back restitched. We didn't agree on a price for both so I told them to just do the patch since the trim was decorative and around the back of the bag where it really isn't visible that the stitching had come undone. Well Simply terrible. Convenient I have had heels replaced many times here  - takes a couple days and is reasonably priced considering the rent they probably pay for boa plaza! I usually give them multiple pairs at once and they always bag them up separately and show me them for approval before handing them over - what more could you want?  I get it. but still).  The new heel tips are stronger and look more durable than the orginal pair and no noticable wear on the fabric (from when the heel got squished from me walking on it all day until I could switch to another pair).  The older gentleman who took the shoes was not there "I have one shoe which the sole is falling off. So I asked them to either put some stitches or nail it. However when I fetched it "This used to be my go-to place for getting my heel caps replaced.  I will say my recent visit was not as great as I expected.  I had a pair of shoes that needed new soles - and both pairs had nails still sticking out in the sole I went into get my zipper fixed on my boot. He did a good job on the boot but the customer service wasn't great.  I used my card for the small cost but he complained about it because he said he gets charged for the purchase. I can understand his side of it but I thought he could have been more friendlier about it. Unsure if I would go back  but it's worth driving a bit out of my way to know I'll be treated well."  and was back in my car (parked right in front of the shop) in no time. I'd be happy to take any other leather goods to this shop for fixing up." In summary: curmudgeonly old dude will refuse to fix your shoes  I like to give them a shout-out. Today it was Heel and Sole a shoe repair place on Sherman (in Madison). I thought I was going to be dropping off my leather coat to get the zipper replaced. Instead he asked a few questions and said  and they fixed my shoes in less time than anticipated. My shoes were returned to me repaired wonderfully Negative Stars. Not sure if he is in over his head or is just a jerk but he has no customer service skills and I have to say upon first glance you think he should be a cool guy but he doesn't have his act together. He may be skilled but it remains to be seen cause after 7 weeks he didn't even attempt to repair my shoes. Summer heels and Summer is almost over. He wouldn't even answer emails or his phone and was quite abusive when I just went in to inquire after the 7weeks and no response and was a complete belligerent jerk off! I have a bunch of old shoes boots that I thought were beyond repair.  I now plan to bring them all in for new life!" Nathanael does work with true care and appreciation. Worth stopping by and seeing if you can bring old shoes to life again. I really just need to trek all of my shoes that need touch-ups over there ASAP." They work hard and make your shoes and clothes better than when new. Prices reasonable for true custom and personable service." Walking distance to Uptown Station for light rail commuters."  new tips on my boots and some polish.  What was way above average was the time it took to get my shoes back.....3 weeks!  Seriously *FYI: Nerrick's wife does alterations out of the same shop." I would definitely recommend this company to anyone who wants high quality repairs and enjoys the personalized customer service of a small business."  I was amazed.  They looked like I had just bought them and they were as comfortable as if I had been wearing them for years (which I had but it was nice to have that feeling back). I would highly recommend this place if you value your shoes.  High quality is worth the wait!"  Nerik proved me wrong and made them look almost brand new again. I was beyond impressed and completely satisfied with his work! I would highly recommend them for all your shoe and alteration needs! Thanks again Central Shoe Repair!"  and didn't leave a hint that there had ever been a hole.  Guaranteed to survive however many cartwheels or squats or pocket yanks these jeans have coming to them over the next ten years.  I'd definitely come back." Got two pair of old boots shined and polished there and they looked as good as new! Knowledgeable and helpful staff and reasonable prices make it worth coming back to.  and showed him my shoes.  He assured me they could be repaired and that they would look even better than before.  I was surprised when he called me personally the next day to let me know my shoes were ready to be picked up.  I appreciated that he completed the repair in such a timely and efficient manner Central Shoe repair is awesome! I would go there more often if they were located near my house.  Everything I have had repaired or tailored there has surpassed expectations. They are honest people and I'm happy to support a family oriented local business. "Nerrick and Bella are flat-out rock stars!  There is nothing that can be fixed that they won't work on.  Treat them politely Very reasonable and very fast. I run a shoe store and have taken some customer repairs to them. Always friendly! Now every time I need something done. My wife and I say.  Don't worry.  We have a master in Phoenix that takes care of our shoes" "Who goes country dancing in Guess 'Carrie' pumps that one cannot find anymore due to size and popularity!?  Me! And just when I thought they were ruined I was so sad to think I was going to have to throw away 5 pair of my favorite shoes.  Then I read the YELP reviews for Central Shoe Repair and I thought I would give them a try since so many people wrote about the miracles they perform.  I CANNOT believe the results.  My shoes look brand new.  I am stunned.  I mean I had 2 pair where the actual pointed tip of the shoes had worn through and somehow they repaired them and you cannot tell where the old started and the new begins.  When I called to tell them how thrilled I am the gentleman who answered told me it was him who had done the work and he told me he is third generation craftsman and it is more important to him to do exceptional work than to run bunches of work through his shop.  I just can't believe that people like this still survive in this world of more is better!  Thanks to keeping the dream alive that great craftsmen still care! Thank you to Nerrick and Bella. "The guys at Nordstrom sent a pair of my shoes to this shop and they came back looking like new! Sooo I took a another pair to Central. When I dropped in a few weeks later my shoes were not ready. I did not get mad because they had done such a phenomenal job earlier.  I was frustrated because I live 45 mi away. The owner sensed my frustration and came outside to talk to me. He told me that the reason for the delay was that he had to special order the heels. He apologized for the inconvenience and offered to ship them to me for free. They arrived a few days later again We know exactly where to go if we need any repair work on shoes or other leather. These people are excellent. Well worth the 45-minute drive to get there." RIPOFF!!!!!!!!!! BAD BUSINESS!!!!!!!!!!" Classic old-school quality.  I wouldn't go anywhere else.  shine and carry all supplies you need.  Very friendly and knowledgable.  They are craftsmen and a gem in a central  I stopped in to see if a hook on the strap of my Coach leather handbag could be repaired. (Coach wanted me to ship the strap AND handbag plus $20 repair free and said it would take about 6 weeks.) The very friendly gentleman there repaired it in less than 5 minutes and said the only payment he'd accept was a smile. I tried paying for the service  I went to check on it and I was told it would be ready in a another couple of weeks. I went back another time and it STILL wasn't ready. This morning I went back to get my purse because it had been there for 3 months and they hadn't even begun to work on it. I got my purse back and will take it elsewhere. I won't ever take anything to this shop again. Terrible service and no apology for the fact they they totally dropped the ball." I'll be back for several services!"  the screw was completely exposed. To my surprise - I paid $10 a pair and my total was $40. One of the pairs they repaired had satin covering the heel. They did a great job to repair and glue down the tattered satin as best as they could. They even colored in my black heels that had some scuff damage. They went above and beyond. I will absolutely come back time and time again. I also found out they do alterations and if you love clothes like I do you understand how difficult it is to find a place that can execute a tricky hem / original hem! This places offers that so I'm excited to try them out for clothing alterations next. The staff are all very friendly and accommodating. You def get the family business vibe when you're here. Will be back soon!" "Took some heels in that had something sticking up in the sole and they fixed it in 5 minutes  did what I asked at a reasonable price in a fair amount of time. I was going to get the soles replaced as well  this location is at the Southwest Corner of 40th Street and Camelback in the same shopping center as Wild Oats. They repair all types of shoes Disappointed overall."  quick turnaround. They have my business!"  it was a perfect experience!" 5 stars for quality and hours. Minus 1.5 for the price. 3 star result. Hate to do it How could someone walk in this place and not have a great experience. I value my expensive Italian shoes and when the leather starts to crack and they are in need of a pro job count on this place. I just reviewed a nightmare shoe shop about a month ago down the street. This place puts the other place to shame. This shoe shop is run by authentic Italians that work hard and deserve more than their underpriced work. Thank G-d I finally found a proper shoe repair and shine store that I can count on doing not only a fantastic job but not ripping me off. I had an oil stain on some light tan jimmy choo stilletos. I called around everywhere and no one could help me. I took them to a shoe repair shop that actually made it worse. I was about to give up when I found The Shoe Shop. They look brand new!!!  And they did it in one day which was so important because I needed them for a wedding later that week. Such fabulous service!!!!  I cannot say enough good things about them. They only charged me $10 as well and they told me they also covered them with scotch guard for extra protection.  etc. and my dad takes all of his expensive work shoes here as well. I think the prices are right on and turnarounds can be as quick as 1-2 days. Not going anywhere else!" Amazingly when I returned to pick up my boots several days later new heels had been put on my sandals and were exactly what I had been hoping for all these years! My beaded evening sandals are now wearable after collecting dust for 10 years in my closet!"  a phone call when the shoes are ready - a day early). BUT - I just cannot wrap my head around the price. $15/pair for a replacement piece of rubber the size of a chickpea. This is about double what I've paid at several other shops. I get we're in Arcadia Shoe shines run about $5 bucks and worth a tip!" This place is great! The owner is incredibly nice and the prices are good. Great place needed some work boots fixed in a pinch and it was taken care of in a day. Thank you for the help!! I take all of my shoe repair and clothing mending to these guys. They never disappoint! Good stuff! They fixed my shoes within 24 hrs and came out looking like new for $15 Great place. I took a pair of sandals in for a minor repair and he didn't charge me. Great customer service and I will go back.  they just needed the straps glued back in.  I was shocked when I went in and there were display cases of watches and only old shoes in sight.  It looked like a fence for something.  I showed him my shoes and he told me the only thing he could do was staple the straps on the outside.  The shoes are Steve Madden Juke and it would have change the entire look.  He informed me that was the look now.  Um no I would highly recommend." Cannot recommend them highly enough Hidden gem! So helpful on many occasions I've had shoes repaired and watch batteries replaced. This time I had my watch sized and they are always so helpful and fast. What a disgusting little place. There are signs everywhere that demand cash only. The arrogant little man demanded I pay cash up front and I said I don't pay til the work is done. He told me to go to an ATM and I told him I do business that way. I grabbed my stuff and left. The place is more like a junk store than a reputable shoe repair. He told me I would be impressed by the work he does with my shoes and I have to write that he's right!"  because I prefer to maintain a good pair of shoes rather than shop for a new pair. I tried this place when I first moved to the area. I have never been told quite literally that my shoes were not worth repairing. When I told the man that I had had the soles replaced several times before and that price was no issue I dropped a Chanel tote and shoes off for repair and reconditioning and all I can say is WOW. The bag and shoes came back looking almost new. The repair was done quickly and at a fair price. I cannot recommend this place enough. But of course I'm rating him on his quality of work rather than his personality and for that I give him 5 stars. Recommended."  he finally found them on the floor. They weren't done. I asked him why they weren't done and he said ""I told you my arm hurt"". I explained that when I brought them in he assured me they would be finished as I had to go out of town. He then told me he would do them now. I asked him how long it would take and he told me ""an hour"". I then said to him that i did not have time to wait. He told me to go somewhere and come back. I told him I was not going to leave and come back in an hour. (I had just gotten off of work it was about 5:45 pm.) He then said ""oh well Cannot comment on the quality of the work.  Never saw his work."  they weren't the most expensive shoes so don't care about that but this experience is a sign that they are a terrible business who will tell you ANYTHING just to get your business. And to top if off Suren is the owner and always does a great job in a timely manner. But today he really outdid himself. Got a brand new pair of black leather stiletto pumps last night and wore them to work today. I stepped on a crack in the street and ripped about an inch of leather off the stiletto. I went straight to Paradise Family Shoe Repair and Suren was able to fix it right then and there. Took less than 15 minutes and they look PERFECT again! He is seriously a MAGICIAN!! Never going anywhere else!! I have had this place repair a few items for me so I sent my daughter in to have 2 bracelets repaired.  He told her it would be $40 since she needed them in 2 days (she is leaving the country for 4 months).  She went back to pick them up and he told her that one bracelet would not be done until Monday.  Disappointed she took the one bracelet back and was told to come back at closing to get the other one.  She picked it up and was still charged $40 although he only fixed one bracelet not two.  The one he fixed all he had to do was remove some links!  Remove some links for $40????  What a rip off!!!  I wont be using him again nor do I recommend anyone using him. "If I could give this guy a zero I would! DO NOT GO to this shoe repair! I took my shoes in to be stretched on Friday for my sisters wedding and was told I could pick them up on Monday. Unfortunately I got sick over the weekend so I could not make it in on Monday. I went the next 3 days and his store was closed! When he finally told me he would be open I went in and started expressing my concern and frustration and he told me to stop talking to him. I let him know that he should not disrespect his customers and left. Unfortunately my sisters wedding is tomorrow and it does not feel like my shoes were left on the stretcher for more then an hour. Don't waste your time at this establishment "I took a suitcase here to have a zipper replaced and I could not be happier with their work! My suitcase's zipper was replaced and it now works better than ever - all the zippers do because they worked their magic and made them all run smoother than ever - and they even took the time to move the tassel from the old zipper to the new one! This place is highly recommended - it will defiantly be my go-to for repairing shoes My 10 year old got a pair of boots from my dad who has als. Obviously these meant the world to my little boy but the heel broke of one. I first took them up the street parodies family who quoted 45.00!!!!??? I could glue the heal for 1.75 myself. He said he need to do both pairs. Anyway I decided to get a second opinion and came here. They fixed the one by redoing it for only 15.00!!!  I'm very happy and pleased with them. The boots were probably not worth much but I was treated as if they were. "Resoled motorcycle boots only lasted two rides.  When I brought them back with new soles they said they'd attach them using ""stronger glue"".  When the new soles didn't fit I said forget it and asked for a refund.  They refused - even after I suggested they probably should have used the ""stronger glue"" the first time.   I'll never go near that place again and wish I'd put the $50 towards the replacement boots...."  at great prices.  They explain to you what they will do and how to keep your shoes in great shape!"  were able to. I actually spent $50 once repairing a pair of shoes that cost me only $70 to begin with since they were one of my favorites - women should know what I'm talking about. All the straps had to be resewn since they were falling apart. My mom was so impressed with their work that she started bringing things out here from CA to get fixed (a few of which her local repair person said they could not fix). The last pair of shoes I brought in about a month ago they told me from the get go could not be repaired and if they just glued them "I live far away from them but I drove there because of the good reviews here. Had a LV bag that needed some special tlc and new stitching.  Gentleman there (it's a very small place) gave his opinion but said he would have the master cobbler look at it and then call me with an estimate. After 5 days (!) I still hadn't heard from them The strap on my Louis Vuitton broke off and some other stitching on the strap was coming undone. I was very disappointed when LV refused to fix it. I brought it to Cobbler's Den and they told me they could repair it but warned me that the stitching would show on the inside. Given this I wasn't expecting much. In only 4 days and $40 my purse was good as new! I was SO pleasantly surprised at how amazing the repair looked. Cobbler's Den saved an expensive purse that was otherwise completely unusable. I highly recommend!  professional service. Shortened several belts for me and discounted the work since it was duplicated effort. Informed me when they would be ready and even said it would be ready when they open in case I'm an early shopper  with an offer to ship my bag to me because I live  a good distance from their shop. A few days later I received my bag  run by a very nice couple who did an amazing job on a pair of shoes I brought in - the worn shoes I brought in look like new.  Better than new  he had sole savers added and as always he says they have great quality work and they are very nice people. This is business the way business should be. We appreciate them."  and what the service / shop environment they provide is a dying breed. I'd love to say something nicer and Jean really helped out with her gift. Thank you." "Wonderful FIX MY SHOES shop! They are icons on how customer service should be. Don and Jean are a blessings to our community! They really helped us when we were helping our Pastor 