Ran around the store looking for those few items that I needed to satisfy my need to build and create.  Minimal help from the small quantities of employees I am sad to say that this is an actual occurrence.  What was originally an average Lowe's has turned into Lowe's Hell.  If the associates do not have basic logic comprehension Can't really say much else about this place other than with the self checkout lanes it's a breeze to run in and then out without having to deal with a single associate." "This local Lowe's serves its purpose for my husband and me -- a convenient home improvement store that we run into every month or two. I am most impressed by the lawn and garden section of the store. I am not sure how it compares to other Lowe's stores "Waterfront Lowe's beats Monroeville Lowe's for lawn and garden.  Hate to admit it  I called our salesman (David Crane). He was surprised that I had not heard from the installer. He told me he would send a message to the installation dept about calling us.Today it's July 8th and we STILL have not heard a peep from anyone at Lowes. Our total order that we planned on spending at Lowe's was around $1700.00 !! I called today and asked to talk to a store Manager. I told him that we have not heard from anyone at Lowe's and that we are not going to proceed with our order. I told him we would like our $35.00 back. He said OK  I cannot remember his name. (Bad customer on my part.) Thank you!!!"   who doesn't grab the wrong part?  Their garden section is great for Spring planting.  They have competatively priced appliances.  5% off with Lowe's credit card is also nice.  Having those large items delivered is a convenience. Their best asset is the expertise of the staff.  I frequently change mind on an original concept based on their input.   Highly recommended" I went into Lowes for a few items--one being a dehumidifier.  I asked 2 different employees to assist--they were rude and told me to read the box.  Being 8 months pregnant I couldn't lift the box into the cart and they didn't much care.  Finally after asking another 3 employees--I found one to help. So much rudeness --checking out and trying to find other items. Clearly there are zero expectations for customer service here.  just explaining my 3 star review :) The DampRid was sold in a 2 pack for under $6. I left satisfied." Update*** I asked about the email coupons to the sales associate. She instructed me to call the number on the receipt to let them know I'm not receiving. She also gave me a 20% off coupon because mine I found online was only for online purchases. Much appreciated!" "Stopped in after leaving a friends house and avoiding going home to do laundry. I love BBW & especially the holiday collection. The employee was very friendly. She gave me her opinions on her favorites and told me about the Buy 3  but I was so impressed by the customer service. The store was buzzing but I was checked on several times. My cashier was just as friendly and also had a lot of product knowledge. I'll definitely return to this location!" If i could give 100 stars i would. Everytime i stop in here the service is phenomenal!  with the stuff locked up and the smallish store with kind of a blargh selection.  I would much rather go to other pharmacies  more knowledgable and more responsive pharmacy staff at any other drug store.   The service is first-rate and the extra care and attention to detail is deeply appreciated." vXBc-i30S0eypUVy7TA6cw  their store hours are absolutely terrible. Closing at 7pm basically means they're never open when I would need to go there. Despite this being more conveniently located  I am a satisfied customer. I recommend this company if you are looking for contemporary furniture with a traditional flair."  an eccentric associate greeted me. I definitely plan to return to the store in the future when I'm looking to refresh my super-comfortable family room sofa."  meaning not for small space living.  Are you a leather lover with a nice big room to furnish - go here!  Big traditional furnishings with a smattering of the unexpected to keep things interesting and fresh.  Staff is helpful but not pushy  sturdy shelves come in several stained finishes.   Arhaus delivers which is good for heavier items.  Also eye catching are their various desks.  They have a nice showroom in Shadyside across from Madmex"  and just about anything else you could want. They also offer tarot readings. Make sure you say hi to the cat (I think his name is Baloo) while your there!"  but never again. I absolutely LOVE this store and can't wait to have reason to go there again." "What a hidden gem in the South Hills. This fun Little store carters to a wide range a spiritual curiosities. You can explore your psychic side with a modest selection of power crystals  but the tumbled stones are buried deep in the back of the store in such gloom you can barely make them out.  They also look like they were tumbled by a lawnmower.  It's such a shame.  I wish they would bring the tumbled rocks out into the sunlight and stock up with some fresh stones.  Other than that though I also LOVE how the shopkeepers don't keep a hawk's eyes on you. Instead they allow you to spend your time browsing the merchandise alone. After all  how to rid your home of evil spirits and I just wish she wasn't closing the store when I was walking in. She was nice enough to stay open until I purchased my salt lamp. I'll return and get my fill of this place and look around for four or five hours."  stones and oils over the phone and have it delivered to a sick relative nearby.  Tell them what who you need it for (e.g. a sick friend) and they will personally construct the gift basket and deliver it if not too far away Worked perfectly for me and--again--they are very nice. Ask for Amy." "" but we did not feel welcome at all :-(" Adorable shop with tons stuff in every corner. There are things small and large all over so make sure to come here with time on your hands because you might just miss out if you are in a rush- there are rooms upstairs too! "Moonstones is a really neat little place in Dormont....you wouldn't expect something like this to be in Dormont. You can spend quite a bit of time in there just looking at all the cool different stuff they have! The people that work there are very nice as well. It's not a place a lot of people go into I feel because they think it's ""weird"" or voodoo lol but it isn't  and you can't beat the price.  All of the staff are always nice and knowledgable.  I also really love that they have a store cat." I am entitled not to be made to feel as a potential thief before I've even made it through the doors. I work in the industry as well and know that before you can accuse someone of stealing  I guess that's ok. My problem is I feel like I was targeted. There was another woman with her purse and they didn't ask her to hold her stuff. There was something I wanted to buy but I ended up leaving after a few minutes of half hearted browsing. It just left a bad taste in my mouth." I wish Moonstones all the best in their business and the abundance that may come!" I've been a customer off and on for years. It's easy to get lost in browsing. Do yourself a favor and check them out. Elizabeth from The Botanical Emporium did my wedding flowers and they were absolutely beautiful! They were so easy to work with and made me feel completely at ease. My flowers were everything I ever wanted and more. When I saw my bouquet it actually brought tears to my eyes! The greenhouse is amazing!  I very highly recomend the Botanical Emporium for all of your floral needs. "I hired Elizabeth to do the wedding centerpieces for my wedding.  The flowers and prices were great.  You can beat her price "I forgot to send my mother something for Mother's Day this year (whoops!) so I called up Botanical Emporium at 10:45 that morning to see if they could accommodate my needs and sure enough they took my order! I was so pleased with the arrangement thy sent her...""exotic flowers that permeated the whole house!"" She sent me a photo of the bouquet and sure enough they were very lovely. Super accommodating and such a tasteful display...I would definitely deal with this business again!"  but I guess that comes with a unique shop! I will absolutely be back to pick up items for people and consider them for any events I have coming up." I used to live in the area and would always patronize and recommend this business.  However with the last experience I will have to rethink that. My aunt and uncle ordered a gift basket for my grandmother for her birthday. When it was delivered it looked beautiful.  However once opened not so much.  Inside it was filled with....Dollar General brand goods. When I stopped down to tell them the owner and another worker told me what do you expect. If it was a busy season we would have gotten stuff from the strip. So moral of the tale. If you want to pay a whole lot of money for stuff from the Dollar Store you know where to go. To make it even more special the owner will provide a blank stare and a warm welcoming attitude that clearly shows she does not care. If I ever have the need to be purchasing flowers in the Pittsburgh area again I called on short notice to order flowers for a funeral - they created beautiful arrangements; their service was excellent and their hours of operation were perfect for making sure all got done smoothly. This is a unique shop and is filled with a wide selection of items ranging from antiques to vintage furniture to kitsch to jewelry to gift items. Some of the prices are high but the owner negotiates occasionally. You'll need an hour or so to see everything. "Le Mix usually has a good selection of Art Deco and Danish Modern furniture at reasonable prices. I've purchased a beautiful teak bar here and some amazing deco light fixtures. If you don't see what you're looking for  and or pitchers. The downstairs section is more difficult to find (it's a hard left turn immediately as you walk in) but it has even more furniture and a small section of vintage clothing as well. I bought my boyfriend a Mad Men-esque silk skinny tie here for Valentine's Day once. Overall this store is a real gem and adds a distinct charm to the businesses along Braddock Avenue in Regent Square." "This is an interesting store filled with antiques and nostalgia.  It is well laid out with an upstairs and downstairs for merchandise.  These are typically one of a kind items.  It is fun to spend a few hours looking through.  Some of the items are quite impressive: German clocks Where they shine is in restaurant supplies! Check it out....fun place to forage!"  and commercial-grade quality. I picked up a hefty polypropylene cutting board on my last visit. Vastly superior to the department store versions. Fair prices   barb lenders and literally a ton of other stuff..   I found out after-the-fact but you can park in front of the store though the curb is painted yellow - customer only parking....  Great place and  for as busy as they were  it's far enough away from the general hubbub   but prices tend to be high.  This is worth a stop if you need larger cooking items."  got there before closing but the doors were already locked.  Why post a closing time if it isn't honored?"  and a convenient place to shop if I want a mid-day snack or beverage."  trying to concoct a payment plan or get-rich-quick scheme in my head that would allow me to buy them (Sell my plasma? Sell my body? Eat nothing but Saltines for six months?) The prices are steep  but was nicer than your average box store.  The counter girl never looked up once the entire time I was in there--I guess she could sense I was just a browser." "The place is the most gorgeous shopping in the city. I feel like they crawled in my brain. My 7 year old danced around like we were in a fairy forest because she loved it so much! The items here are custom made Stopped in looking to furnish my new apartment. I was the only customer in the place on a weekday afternoon. I was never greeted by sales staff or acknowledged. There was an older woman and a younger woman working. As I was browsing the jewelry the older woman said loud enough so I could hear for the younger sales associate to watch me so I didn't steal anything. And I'm a white young professional so I can only imagine how other people are treated.  at least for Christmas presents. there just seems to be a lot of this kind of thing these days. even though this store has been around for quite a while."  but you can always dream... and buy smaller items to feel fancy!" Beautiful store. It's like a hybrid of the quirky doodads sold at Francesca's with the thoughtful set displays at Anthropologie but with a more authentic feel. I wanted to look around more but I can't shop peacefully when I'm with my husband. I'll definitely go back next time I'm in the strip district.  haven't actually purchased any of their larger pieces because 1. They expensive! And 2. I live in a tiny house and a lot of their furnishings are a little on the large side. It's also an amazing place to just come for ideas "Really wonderful place to get ideas. It has a very 'bazaar' like feel which I enjoy because you can just walk around to soft music and let different things catch your eye. I bought two pendant lamps from here for my dining room and they are stunning. There are a lot of upmarket pieces but also really cute trinkets and other items that are much more affordable. It really just depends on your taste. Visit this place when you have time to peruse I think I just found the store equivalent of a soulmate Cannot have asked for better service. They allowed us to put an engagment ring on layaway and when we picked it up-WOW! They do a quality job. I am in the military and I have lived all over the nation and any time I want to buy jewelry for my wife I always come back to Bucci's. No where else even comes close to the amazing service that I recieve every time I walk through the door. Awesome service and great quality!  I've been using them for many years and I live in Indianapolis!  we returned for the wedding bands.  They were so awesome and accomodating.  I was in there for almost an hour making my selection.  They would provide me with their honest opinion since I was having some trouble deciding.  Their prices were fantastic compared to the big chain stores.  Overall I would reccomemd this for any type of jewlery.  Skip the chain store and head to buccis Thank you so very much Gene Sanes Upholstery." My parents live in Oakland in a condo building with a ridiculously small elevator.  Gene Sanes went above and beyond to make sure this extremely long sofa from my grandma would fit in the elevator at my parents' building.  They brought the sofa mid-upholstery to the building just to make sure it would fit into the elevator.  That is such great customer service it is ridiculous.  It did fit 7XX-2YyRTLVvki-qsM3sVQ iOevQRRTJSIhkDySYLQ4mg  even strangers.  This place is always very sparkling clean and organize.  I almost gave this places four star rating  The only reason  because of ""a couple"" of the cashiers. In the past I have heard couple of the older cashier talk about customers.  However  95% most of them are beyond super nice.  Since everything else is beyond excellent "Came here for the first from over from West Penn Hospital.  My prescription was sent directly there.  I didn't have to do much.  They got everything for me including the off the counter stuff that I could have gotten myself.  Everyone greeted me right away and assisted me right away.   Everyone was polite and a nice gentleman called me ""sir"" even though he was twice my age.  I really like this pharmacy and hope to use this place as my regular stop." He couldn't have told me that prior? A phone call telling me that it wasn't in stock would have been nice. I picked the prescription up a month ago with no issues. I don't know what he is referring to as ""summer"". Because summer  he was kinda nasty and condescending.  don't know if he was just having a bad day or this is how he always is Wonderful shop with amazing owners! We needed a picture framed and were referred here by some good friends of ours. Steve and Wendy were the best. So friendly and professional. They have lovely art for sale as well. Check it out and see for yourself. You will be  glad you did!  Steve and Wendy are friendly and knowledgeable.   Love this place."  they just said ""we get a lot of elderly people in here so we often lose our patience.""  They still have not apologized when they lost her insurance card.  If you want to be treated with respect and have competent  my friend and I went to this CVS and started interviewing strangers on camera.  (""Have you ever been to Alaska?"" ""What color are your socks?"")  We used to spray BOD all around.  We painted ourselves blue from head to toe and acted casually.  We were terrors.  They put up with us But aside from that I'm always happy to step on in and get a few household items - and sometimes to splurge on candy or decorations if something delicious or cute appears on the shelves. And while I admittedly can't get everything I need here Great products and Katie has been the best! Just be careful...RH has so many awesome products that it'll be hard to leave empty-handed! Especially if the service is always as good as our experience!" "I have no problem with the product of the actual store but the delivery service they use is delivering the piece of furniture I got 1 week and a half after I bought (even though it was in stock at the store) on a weekday with a 4 hour time frame. I paid $125 for shipping. What a rip off Great quality furniture and shower curtains but way to overpriced for example a shower curtain is $90 there and some of the employees including the manager gather in a group and just talk. I went there tonight and all I had to do was return a towel and buy a couple new ones and it took me 40 minutes to do that  however I was a little disappointed in the inventory in the store.  I was searching for ideas for media consoles and at best they seemed to have 1-2 differing styles.  There are a ton of them online  it's the best place to go if you have no idea what to get. You can pick up anything from a barista action figure to chocolate body paint to the complete set of Harry Potter hardback books. And don't forget the fizzy bath salts or the stick-on mustaches. You'll be hard pressed to NOT buy anything before you leave."  there's a wide assortment of knick-knacks and books that are perfect as gifts or impulse purchases for yourself. It's easy to lose track of time as you wander up and down the narrow aisles."  etc... Kards Unlimited seems to take great care in choosing store products for sale. Definitely my favorite store on Walnut." "I regret to say that I have walked past this store for four years and never went in. That's four years of gifts that I could have found in one place. The books  but you can't blame them--there's just so much to see."  etc.  A tiny sampling of the silliness." Much more than just a card shop. A very unique store. Tons of pop culture stuff. Take your time and look around. Bacon Flavored Dental Floss  and I never feel like I'm sifting through a lot of less interesting books to find the best ones. The editions are always nicely designed. There is also a great collection of shirts  they literally have something for everyone.  I go at least as often as I need a card for some occasion and they always have new things. A bit expensive but worth it to support this great store."  humorous and fun: This is one novelty shop you don't want to pass up! I left with unique childrens books & hand puppets for my son ***i'm basically a local now."  Kards Unlimited has the highest quality and variety of cards I've ever seen. Plus wacky tees. Plus random crap usually found in gift shops at the airport You could knock the whole list out at Kards Unlimited 5-1."  and I'm always surprised at how reasonable the prices are.  Gotta love this store!"  which I think all are ordered by the marker of the cards and then by the type of sentiment. Because of the unique and grandiose assortment you can easily spend a few hours easily going through everything from cards and the other odds and ends (books "What more can I say about Kards Unlimited that hasn't already been stated?  The reviews are glowing and well-deserved!  More than just stationary and cards Large selection of unique cute-tastic gifts.  Humerous knick-knacks books galore.  Very adorable and staff was very pleasant.  Looking forward to going back again. Overall fun place. Just be prepared to enter very small spaces. If there are any other people in there (which there normally is) it will be an awkward mess." I LOVE this store. Always have to take a look when I'm in Shadyside or have any kind of excuse to buy a card.  Darren had his face in the graphic novels (him and his comics lol i like them too btw). I was gawking at everything else including Cat Lady action figures and all kinds of silly stuff. They also have a nice book selections and of course greeting cards galore and t-shirts and so much stuff! Even if you don't buy anything  I doubt I'll ever step foot back into a Hallmark store.  Better quality in cards and the staff are excellent."  especially around the holidays. Don't recommend going with a stroller in tow!" December 2102 Yelp Challege]" lvYt45K8Z7za73FZFpq4gQ I like to check this place out every once in a while because I just like window shopping. I don't think I'd buy anything here due to the fact that it's overpriced but I do like to appreciate their merchandise."  but it's the perfect little place to browse on a Sunday afternoon stroll on Walnut Street with a coffee. I lived in Shadyside for a while and grabbing coffee next door at Tree Roasters and walking in here for a peek became a part of my weekend schedule."  I'm sure someone you know is and this would be a great place to find a couple stocking stuffers for them. The only reason I rounded down on the rating was that the prices were a bit high on everything." I think you find something there for any occasion. I even purchased Thank You cards here for me to give to my interviewers after my interviews. I also got a relatively normal To-Do list here  and I honestly don't think it does a good job explaining just how much different stuff you can find in here. I know that sometimes stores that try to cram too much onto their shelves can seem chaotic and disorganized Lots of collectibles. They have cards and humorous knick knacks. I bought some t shirts and they have fictional places travel posters that are awesome. jwxhi--674LLCnvqJL7SRQ Really unique gifts and great cards.  Staff is friendly.  Prices are slightly high. "This place is great! I stumbled in here while trying to kill time before a cooking demo down the street. I was blown away by the amount of stuff they were able to fit into this little hole in the wall. The cards are hilarious  you go to Kards Unlimited not for the prices but for the insanely cool and geeky atmosphere and to loose yourself in all the wonderful things in this shop!" It's the closest thing to what our parents and grandparents used to call a dime store or ""5-and-dime"".  It's an older and more charming version of Family Dollar or something like that." "Stores like this are the best thing! I love the personal touches and the selection! A great place for toys and novelties! If you are not sure of a gift for someone "Great little toy store on the corner of a quiet neighborhood street. Besides being a foodie  but they don't have as much as other toy stores do. Lots of educational Thanks Shadyside Variety.  I couldn't be more thankful of your service." It's nice to have a store like this around.  It draws you in  those other places won't have the small little nicknacks that the Variety Store carries. It would be a kid's delight to walk in here an explore the small items  the owner seemed to be very hands-on. Not only was she helping a lot of customers find particular items  I understand you don't care about 2 dollars.  But keep in mind Mighty awesome creative store.  This is a must visit store.  I want to live here.  Love love love this store.  which I thought was fantastic that she was upfront. She put my watch on my wrist and asked how I wanted it to fit then got it adjusted within a matter of a few minutes. It was really easy and I'll be back if I need anything like that again."  the jewelry that we purchased is of the highest quality and style.  My wife was thrilled with the engagement ring I selected and we both love our wedding bands." There are many other great jewelry stores in Pittsburgh that you can look at other than here." My daughter already has her eye on them... : )" I am definitely a Henne customer for Life!" At no time did we feel pressured to buy and if anything the end goal for William was to give us a good experience at Henne and to help us narrow down the many I just accepted a beautiful ring from Hennes. I have had nothing but compliments and I must say that the ring was beautiful. Unfortunately within 4 days one of the diamonds on the halo was missing. I'm sure that this is a fluke and will be taken care of. But my new fianc is very upset by this.  but I did take some watches to get fixed and they were super fast. Maybe ten minutes when I thought I'd need to drop it off. Pricing on that was quite reasonable.  The clerk I dealt with in that transaction was terrific. Also  mostly one woman) unfortunately was unnecessarily unfriendly to us. Overall would have appreciated more help"  and absolutely no pressure sales approach. We found an amazing ring and I couldn't be happier. So much that we went back for my (now husband's) ring. While I felt the selection was somewhat limited in yellow gold Bought my engagement ring here and a few months later traded in my engagement ring here... John was amazing and went above and beyond to help me out in both situations. Highly recommended _iZjif9s-jF_Oju_1fhVog  as he is planning to propose this year he wanted to get an idea of what I liked.  We ended up sitting down and having a half hour consultation with an employee who was the most professional  and I would have chosen this a million out of a million times to buy the perfect ring. Would recommend to anyone."  the wedding bands too.  She kept me well informed during the process and the price ended up even being a little less than what was originally quoted.  The weekend mimosas and cookies were a nice added treat!  Nina and Henne have earned customers for life."  I didn't even know that this place was even here. I walked in and was pleasantly surprised at the abundance of items "I had no idea that this toy store existed until I lost my husband in Banana Republic a few months ago. I couldn't find him but immediately figured out where he was when I glanced out the front doors and saw a sign pointing to the shop. The store had a large selection - two jam-packed floors - ranging from toys for younger children to games for adults. This would be a great shop to wander and brainstorm for the young (or just young at heart)  was mesmerized. There is so much to look at from floor to ceiling. Some things brought back memories from my childhood and somethings brought back memories from my boys' childhood. Now that my boys are grown and not at a point in their life for children  you have to stop in to be hypnotized by the jewels!" The owner stole a bracelet brought in for repairs and has lied over and over about returning it.  and failed to meet promised deadlines in performing resizing." "2 woman in the store were very helpful and knowledgable. I haven't received my piece yet and its been about 5 days. Iffy about who owns the place but All around awesome from sale to repair. Their staff is very courteous and thoroughly explained how to properly maintain and take care of my machine so the problem would not reoccur. I would highly recommend this business. "Great all around experience. I purchased some lawn equipment for my home. They were completely honest and transparent through the process and did everything they could to get me the equipment i wanted  and knowledgeable to say the least.  Ask for Bryan (can't remember last name...but he usually has an awesome beard) he is great to work with!!" "I randomly saw this place driving by and pulled in to see what it was like. I really liked this place it has a lot of variety and prices ranging from typical ""thrift store"" prices to more expensive antiques.  I walked out with 3 pairs of ratings and 2 necklaces for $32. Now  sunnyvale calif where prices are high like San Francisco.  This place has California prices in Pittsburgh.  I saw alot of items i would have bought if they had been in the 30-50 dollar range. They have a huge selection.  They need to cut their prices by 1 3 to be more affordable and sell more. But they have to make a profit. Nice high end furniture. They do have a few areas with prices under $10. If i won the lottery i would buy some furniture and paintings  from here." "A good place to browse but merchandise is way overpriced and not all dealers are friendly  but this place deserves a stop in to see all the things they've got going on inside!"  mostly big box stores anymore in the future.  We've spent thousands of dollars at this place over the years. Oh well."  as well as a lot of Alpines and other rock garden type plants that have me wanting to by a little house in Pittsburgh just so I can stop here and do a little garden!!  I'd recommend it."  knowledgeable and a great selection of plants!"  and helped me find a present for a friend. I know they make custom arrangements and have good relationships with other local businesses  there are quit a few.  My family has being shopping at Chapon's for years. Now we will be going elsewhere."  the staff is exhausted when I ask questions and they put you down for bothering them.  They make me feel unappreciated and and forget  and candles attacked my nostrils. The thing I hate most about Bath and Body Works is that everything seems to smell the same after the first fifteen products are smelled. The people that work at these stores in other malls always seem to genuinely like what they do for a livling So32N7bSbUd1RwhFtI6jTQ  I was in a hurry to pick up a thank you gift. The store didn't open till 10am but the manager saw me waiting and let me in early then customized a gift basket with the different shower gels I needed. Another employee wrapped the items up in a tissue paper and ribbon while the manager cashed me out. I was in and out before the store was even opened. Instead of being stressed out or running late It's like a higher end tchotchke store.  Sure you could find something of your interest in there  the staff here is very nice." I only wish I had more time to shop!"  Marlene buys antique and estate jewelry and sells them for unbeatable prices in her little lace and paisley shop (formally a chicken coop). Marlene herself is no-nonsense: she won't sell engagement rings to men shopping without their fiances-to-be and she wants to know exactly how much you're looking to spend before she shows you anything. But don't be deterred by her sometimes-brusque attitude; she'll give you great personal attention and make you feel like you're the only one there. (The Saturday I was at her shop there were six of us from all over the Pittsburgh area I have since then posted the photo of my ring on my online album and have received so many compliments just from the photo alone! My wedding is in a few months and already I can hardly wait to wear it!" Ms. Harris seems to have an extensive understanding of fine jewelry which overshadows her social graces and recognition of social cues.  To describe her as brusque would be an injustice.  I will not return to her store and will ensure that friends and family meet their needs elsewhere."  but I hated everything I was finding here... not to mention it's SO much more expensive over here. I randomly found her online store when googling antique style jewelry. Hands down she has the best assortment of real vintage pieces  only to realize it would remind me of her every time I looked at it.  I really think that Marlene would be SOL if it weren't for her internet business  and not to worry about whatever anyone else thought. Definitely a more personal experience than going to some generic jewelry store and getting the same ring everyone else has..." I got my engagement ring from here and loved it.  The person we talked to was very friendly.  It arrived in the mail very fast.  One of the best shopping experiences ever.  We will be getting our wedding bands from there too.  They have a great selection. I get the whole ""brusque as endearing"" schtick and I can deal with it when people clearly know their stuff. And it seems that Marlene does know her stuff for the most part. But what I don't like is being treated like a child "My experience with Marlene was nothing but positive.  It all began when my fiance found her estate jewelry website.  She found the perfect ring NfHxV49mtVRq8enjdq1CeQ "" and handed me a set of bands I liked but didn't love. I proceeded to try to match all of the other bands I thought would go  but this also has not happened.  I've gotten a lot of complements about the stippled swirl designs on the edges from even casual acquaintances and other persons.  And Marlene Harris got the ring out to us really fast and in the correct sizing and everything-considering Chris placed the order only 3 weeks prior to our wedding (I was really panicking  or you'll end up in the wrong place) because we had purchased earrings from her online previously.  We had a great experience and ended up buying my engagement ring and wedding bands  you can get that from Marlene.  She will tell you the truth about the value of the piece and whether it becomes you.  She's not being rude when she's honest--she's being honest."  and then we took a ride to meet her!  Our experience was so interesting and special.  The shop itself is straight out of a movie - a former chicken coop transformed into a cozy space with fabric walls and lace ceilings.   Marlene is charming as can be The variety and the prices here are absolutely fantastic. Every.Possible.Price.Range. I am so  even when we had to go back to ask for advice about putting a bead in my ring. They asked all kinds of questions about ourselves and they were a pleasure to talk to. They helped us pick out the perfect rings. The shop itself is really cool...it used to be a chicken coop. It was such a genuine experience. I highly recommend Marlene Harris."  which I must say was vast and amazing! She never pushed us into buying anything and was very considerate of our budget."  but their customers patients lives I hope to never have to fill any type of medicine here again!" Worst pharmacy in the history of pharmacies. Plan to wait for atleast 15 minutes on a good day to several days on a bad day. The staff is rude and store is usually very dirty. Had prescriptions with to few a pills and had them filled with the wrong medication.  and things generally go pretty smoothly. A drop off prescription takes anywhere from 15-30 minutes and picking up an already-filled prescription is pretty immediate. I really have no complaints. It's not perfect "A beautiful outdoor nursery in Stallings. Kings Greenhouse has been a locally owned & operated business since the early 70's. It has just about any kind of vegetation that you need for your yard or garden. You could spend some time just wondering through the greenhouses and isles of plants & shrubs.  I've been shopping here for years and have always been happy with my selections & results. It's not the cheapest place in town  King's Greenhouse is a must-visit." Lovely place to just wander around and gawk at all the different plants.  The plants are obviously higher quality and better cared for than at the big box stores.  They are also very helpful with advice on plant problems. I'm new to the area and this will be my go-to nursery.  but it wasn't like I was asking her to wrap it for free. She was going to charge me $5 to wrap it and I also had another cute little plant sitting up at the counter ready to buy. She not only lost out on a past customer. She lost out on money for that day and a future customer that loves plants and would have spent a lot of money in her store. In the future I will take my money somewhere else to someone that appreciates their customers and knows how to be nice. I will never step foot back in this place again and I will tell my friends how I was treated and hopefully they won't shop there anymore either . Lisa.. All I can say is you need a lesson in good customer service and I think your coworker agrees with me because she came running out of the shop to tell me your name." My sister and I are 2 professional women (Chemist Psychologist) we were surprised to witness this type of treatment from furniture salesmen. But I guess when you walk into this location with the wrong skin color you get no service... 2014MLK Day... Smh" "In the past when my husband and I needed to purchase good quality furniture we always went to Walter E Smith in the Chicago area.  Since living here we made the change to Ethan Allen.  We purchased a full living room from them this past spring and have been very happy with almost everything.  The service was great and the sales person listened to us and put together exactly what we wanted with one exception.  We asked for tables (specifically a coffee table) that could stand up to some abuse because we have a 16 month old at home.  The table he recommended is beautiful but does not at all stand up to what he said it would.  This table is only 3 1 2 months old and already has wood chipping off  even though we said we were ready to buy. Ethan Allen Pineville just didn't care. We called corporate to voice our concern and were told someone would follow up with us; of course that never happened. So the Pineville  store didn't care for our money  there are plenty of furniture stores nearby! I give this place stars for the great recliner Excellent customer service by Dawn Shaffer! Delivery of the furniture was professional and on time. Thank you for an overall great experience! Sales ticket # 161-31137" "This store is TERRIBLE. Delivered a sofa they cut while unpacking. Didn't notice it till they left. Took 4 days to pick up the cut sofa! They were then 3 hours late picking it up!  I wanted refund and am still waiting for it! TERRIBLE. Assistant manager says he had no way to contact delivery people for assistance. Lied. In this day and age you can get anybody on the phone Finally I've called corporate several times and they have not gotten back to me. Good job La-Z-Boy  you definitely want to check this place out. It is a HUGE warehouse full of everything you could need for your home at awesome prices. It's not set up to look as nice as other decor stores  but sometimes you've gotta hunt and peck through their warehouse of merchandise to find just that thing you want need at the price you want to pay.  It's that giant building behind the Carolina Place mall that looks like a Home Depot at first glance." Garden Ridge has just turned into a junky flea market.  GAG !!! I'll be back for the 6'0"" Knight in Shining Armor one day!" I love this store and wish i could spend hours here"  it's probably only going to last a season or two. But do I really want to pay three times as much for something that will last forever? Sorry  is very organized.  I can spend hours upon hours in the different areas looking at merchandise for each room of the house.  From cookware to holiday items to rugs for my foyer.  And my last trip was just amazing.  I had to return to select items that were a better match for my decor.  The sales person....simply glowed and sparkled with the greatest smile. She handled the return and provided great directions to different areas I needed to visit.  Upon checking out.....I was fortunate enough to have the same salesperson...this time glowing even more as she had spent time rearranging trees that were full of glitter to keep the store in order!!!  I will return to the store for the great merchandise and the sparkling service offered by Ms. Glitter!!!"  they said they could not refund.  I thought that was petty of them to not take them back.  They still got my sale for the better quality ones.  The clerk said she was sorry.  If the management was actually sorry they would have refunded my $3.99 don't you think?" Garden Ridge is not the same...it has really gone downhill.  It seems that they have bought out other stores of items that did not sell...junky items.  Every time I go in there I can never find anyone to help me and they only have one register open. Their shopping carts are all rusty and broken. I miss the old Garden Ridge.  of what I'd want could be purchased cheaper at Wal-Mart or Target...and better quality. No wonder the store was empty. There was a sign out front saying that they're planning on revamping the store....I hope that means they'll be sharpening their pencils and cutting those prices or the next sign we'll see out front is For Lease!" Love this place. We go here every year for Christmas ornaments and decorations. I love the variety of home decor you can find here.  sometimes too much. This is the first time in my life I called a business and pressed option to speak to sales associate and had to pull over and write down a number to another state. Call that Texas number 4693407490 to ask a charlotte employee about item in the store???"  lots of spaces...Thank goodness!!! Oh! I almost forgot to talk about the candles! Tons of options to choose from "Not very impressed with my last two trips here. The prices seem to be getting higher and the quality is diminishing. I asked for help on my second trip and the two ladies were too busy talking to really care about my needs. Then I had to wait in a line of about 20 people when they had one cashier working. They ended up calling two more over I can't say I am through with this place. I'm not aware of any other spots that offer Christmas decorations or just home stuff at more affordable prices. I'll limit my visits until I find that treasure." The pricing is very reasonable (more on the 'cheap' side) and the place is huge! I recommend coming here for something specifically in mind or you will become overwhelmed very fast." wo woo wow wow. Have you seen this place. Let me tell you if you want selection its the place to go. Its huge and the prices seemed ok. I just ran in to take a quick look and almost fell over at the size of the place.  I do not have to waste my hard earned money with a company that has horrible customer service and treats me like krap. I will never shop here again." She said 'All custom orders take longer than 6-8 weeks'.  So I said 'Why did Kevin  (my salesperson) tell me that it would be 6-8 weeks then?  Is he new here?'  Of course the answer is that I was MISLEAD KNOWINGLY by the sales staff and once they got my check for nearly $5k they completely stopped concerning themselves with my order.  So yes I feel USED AND ABUSED but lesson learned...sigh.....Please be exceptionally careful with any Bassett store and NEVER BUY CUSTOM FURNITURE!!!!!!  I hate you Bassett!!!  (P.S. I will be honest and update this review if it comes sooner by some miracle from heaven or if they refund my shipping cost.)" "These people are very difficult to do business with.  The saleswoman was downright arrogant.   I am assuming the furniture we ordered will come as promised.  But if I could have found what we wanted elsewhere - rest assured - I would have gone elsewhere.  Have never seen a store with so many ""rules"" in terms of buying an item. The paperwork is threatening.  I almost laughed in her face when she offered us an ""accident"" policy for the furniture and made us sign a release when we wouldn't buy it.  She muttered that ""almost everybody buys this."".  Seriously???  I think the furniture is decent quality but the way these people treat their customers is astounding at best." Net is that Bassett did an excellent job in meeting our needs.  Very professional and easy to work with." Please save yourself the frustration and refuse all Guardsman warranty plans!"  and well done.  I was able to take advantage of one of your special sales and get the product I have been wanting at an excellent saving.  Very happy customer."""  in fact she didn't really seem interested if I bought anything or not.  She was very nice but seemed a bit miffed because I was indecisive.  I ended up picking a great piece of furniture that I am in love with and will have for many years to come."""  and it ended up being ready in just two weeks. There were many options for delivery times and the crew was fast and professional. The quality of the sectional is excellent fqFWad8GW178xzzC4A4ZEA """Customer service was amazing. Susan really went out of her way to help us get matching bar stools to our kitchen table. Will definitely buy again from Bassett in Pineville "We worked with Ann and have worked with her in the past for other projects.  She is very easy to work with Visited Basset Furniture again to complete our daughter's bedroom that we had started.  We worked with Ann again and were very pleased with the end results of our daughter's bedroom.  Not only does the furniture look great but the quality is very good too.  Our delivery went smooth without a problem.  We plan on updating a second bedroom soon and will definitely be visiting Ann again at Bassett Furniture in Pineville.  and not one person came to talk with us. Not only did they not ask to help us as we walked around several associates Made another entire bedroom set purchase from Ann.  Ann contacted us when the store was having a fantastic sale on a bedroom set we were interested in purchasing.  She saved us a  ton of money!  The delivery was prompt and went smooth.  There were a few blemishes on the furniture delivered and Lisa contacted us about 10 minutes after the delivery to setup a time when someone could come and take a look at the blemishes and repair them.  We have never been disappointed with Basset and their customer service is the best!  Would recommend anyone looking for furniture to try Basset. fqFWad8GW178xzzC4A4ZEA Anyhow I find BJ's to offer great value for the money with friendly employees & good prices for gas."  but they take coupons.  They have self-checkouts and take credit cards that Sam's doesn't take." "FREE 60-Day Membership - WARNING.  I got a coupon for a Free 60 day Membership from a Valpak mailing to my house.  My wife had me go there to claim the membership and get some Milk.  BJ's Customer Service informed me that I would have to buy a $40 dollar one year membership that I could get a refund up to one year.  They basically give you the first 60 days free 60 day trail membership! Free! I tried Bj's out and it is great! I still like Costco better. Bj's doesn't have a big produce section. It is nice that they let you use manufacturers coupons! Look forward to going back!" They have great prices and they have a nice selection of just about anything you want.  Checkout is a breeze and they send out a nice coupon booklet every so often for additional savings.  We saved $45.00 with our coupons at checkout today...Score!"  but the BJ's bakery makes the bagels just like NYC. I am totally hooked."  one of my favorite areas in Costco....  The selection in other areas such as clothing was NOT impressive.  Overall  Ft. Mill and south Charlotte area BJ's is convenient."  so far everything I have bought has been great! Good prices on wine also...kind of a mixed bag as to what you get - I noticed that it changed from week to week. So although its not as big as Costco..its well worth the investment. They also have self checkout which was great - because there was no line..I would say --give it another try if you haven't been there in a few years..I think they are changing their image!!" The gas is cheaper than others nearby but it's still more expensive than going to South Carolina." 3 stars for not having fresh-made (on-site) items like its competitors (this is not a deterrent for me) "Slowest deli department in town. They have no sense of time so you know they don't value you yours. If they are attempting to push you to buy pre-packaged this is a novel and effective way to do so  smelly and disheveled looking for me.  It is definitely Costco's distant Definitely looking forward to putting the membership to good use anytime we have BBQs  and other gatherings!" "I absolutely detest this company.  Joined with a free trial membership.  At time of joining was convinced to buy $40.00 membership for 16 months.  Was also told I get free $50.00 gift certificate at Restaurant.com. The very next day I get BJ email offering cheaper membership than I had paid. Also come to find I need to spend $100 to save $50 Frequently stop carrying items you've bought for years. :( Great $ on propane tank refill.  Lots of good coupons for other items. And they carried this Korean pork jerky that was soooooooo soooooooo good and then discontinued that too and I still look for it every time I go."  and the correct price. I got in and out. Didn't spend over a penny more than my planed budget. I was so excited. lolol." YzK-OxLEvxF7_8O4BElhUg The parking lot is dark and scary.  There were rusty carts strewn about.  Boxes and toys were all over the floor in the store.  I went twice in the past week and they had one register open with four other people doing nothing both times.  First cashier wasn't friendly but the most recent one was.  The prices were okay.  I had a Groupon for the first visit and 15% off for the second.  The store needs a major overhaul and some employees who care.  they have toys and that's what you're there for." "Always very helpful in this location.  The employees really seem to care about helping customers.  Store is always clean and well stocked.  Today we picked out a 16"" bike for my youngest.  Time to get home and ride!" Terrible service. Wasnt even able to complete an order there. It was like the clerk was making fun of me or something. So weird. The mngr lied to me about the meaning of a coupon. It was like they didnt want to be bothered to ring things up and get people out of there. "I'm sick of this parking lot being perpetually littered with trash. I understand that's it's hard to reinvest in an old building This is why amazon is killing big box retailers... I get all of the toys I want and no boob sweat." "This Toys R Us has the worst customer service I have experienced in a big box store in years. We drove an hour to get to the nearest Toys R Us to redeem gift cards for our kids. The store would not cash out the remaining balance on the gift cards. I asked for the manager. The staff and manager treated me with contempt and refused to give me cash for the balance of the cards. I appealed to them I wish there was a more up to date and clean Toys R Us nearby to take our son too." Are they going out of business?" I would come back here again!" knowledgeable staff. Very helpful.  was fantastic. She helped us design both our kitchen and fireplace and then our mstr bath renovation. She was very organized and knew all of the products we needed. Everything was scheduled perfectly. Our project manager Great showroom and sales associates!" I have used Tile Collection for many projects.  They are a little more expensive than their competition but worth every penny.  The quality of their work is excellent. Don't skimp!  Get it done right the first time! I am very impressed with Tile Collection. Amazing selection  and personable.  It was a pleasure to work with him and I can't wait until we get our rings - both very affordable Please do not use this location. They do not take responsibility for their mistakes. My ring will never look the same. It's a shame DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THESE PEOPLE."  husband's wedding band) at other high end jewelers and I've never received a card from them...they should take note of Helzberg and follow suit. Definitely when it comes to customer service and above-and-beyond satisfaction One star for Gary and five for Amber.  We are not going to go back to purchase because we found ones that we loved more at another store and that were more for our budget."  just a different ring that fit.  The cashier printed out the reciept and gave me a copy.  I felt very uncomfortable knowing the amount of my engagement ring and thought it to be a little classless.  Maybe this is a common practice that I am unaware of  until my mother spotted ""The One"" of course it's gorgeous! I get sooooo many compliments!!! My mother said the staff here was very helpful! We got engaged on December 20th 2014. THANK YOU Helzberg Diamonds!!! Absolutely love my engagement ring! I cannot wait to start shopping for our wedding bands" You cannot go wrong with buying me something at this store!" "Buyer beware. I had purchased my fianc's engagement and wedding band from Jared and was pleased with everything. So my fianc went to purchase me a watch for a wedding gift. The man sized the band for me and we left the store. The watch sat in the box for about 2 weeks until I tried it on again. I decided the watch wasn't for me and wanted to return it with in 30 days. My fianc was running errands and tried to return it to the Concord store where they were rude and told he to come back to this store. Once she arrived the general manager was extremely rude and calling her a liar saying the watch was worn and he got a phone call from the Concord store ""warning him"" about my fianc. We had to take our issue up with corporate and posting on their Facebook page we were finally able to return the watch. Beware once they get your money they will burn you on warranties and returns. Just go look at their Facebook page. It's nearly all complaints on it when other jewelry stores Facebook pages have not even half as many complaints. Stay away from this place."  you'll want to add some windage for the service plan. It's not cheap."  but actually seemed to care about me as a customer. By the time the process was finished I was thrilled with my ring choice Overall I had a great experience here. The sales staff were very helpful and informative and went above and beyond to help me out in finding the right ring."  but the shopping experience you create for the buyer has lost its charm and is now tainted in my book."  no phone call. So I called to check. And a male told me that ring is in store ready for pick up. So came in about a week later (btw I'm currently in front of the store as I'm typing... Mood: upset) this lady helped me. She was having a hard time finding my order. Then she told me that they weren't able to order the ring.... Ok? Why did the male told me it was ready for pickup ???!? Then she told that they have been trying to reach me to tell me that they didn't have that band anymore. Ummm no? ... They didn't? . So! There you go. Not coming back anymore after I find another band to replace this band." Got home and miraculously changed the battery with ease! Very thankful for this Batteries Plus location making the process simple." I went to this store looking for a hard to find mobile phone battery. They did have the battery and because of the great customer service I also bought a battery for my car! Great service and the sales person installed my car battery on the spot. I'm very impressed with this location and I'll definitely return for my battery needs.  and pro-customer service. I am very impressed. He deserves some serious kudos. Thank you!!!" this time it was the breatling avenger seawolf Went into Fink's and all five employees in the store just stared at me and did not offer a greeting. I felt really unwelcome the entire time I was in the store. This is not the customer service I would expect at a high end jeweler.  they were persistent to help.  Their jeweler in the back tighten the screws for no charge.  And even though they did not greet me with a smile when I came in I wish If I can even remove the 1 star rating."  I do love browsing their amazing selections!!! And  but to have to wait forever to been seen just adds to the frustration. So don't think that because you work uptown this place is convenient Final analysis: I choose this practice because of a referral from a family friend. The downtown location is not convenient for us and coupled with my experience and that of the other Yelp! reviewers  I think I have had enough with this place. (Hope this proves my point). I highly recommed you stay away from this place!" This is a great office!  I have been seeing Dr. Moore for years and would follow him for his great eyecare.  The staff is very knowledgeable about contacts and glasses.  I loved that they carried frames I would not see everyone else wearing in Charlotte.  The wait was not long and I know sometimes emergencies happen and get everyone behind.  This is a top office. Wonderful associates too!!" MWsY9PueZGWi0B0C7MQCkQ I love that they are right downstairs from where I work.  Ran down for an eye appointment today and was back in less than an hour.  Everyone is so friendly.  Dr. Moore is great. Service was outstanding and I hate that other reviewers did not receive the experience I did.  I look forward to my follow up appointment and know I will not choose another eye doctor again." I am new to Charlotte and was recommended to this office by a colleague. I was very satisfied with my first visit! Staff was extremely friendly and helpful and I was able to get in and out very quickly compared to other appointments I've had with other eye doctors. "Dr. Moore is an outstanding eye doctor. I've been seeing him for 5 years and have always had a great experience.  I love that he offers ""eye photos"" instead of typical dilation (takes a long time and is uncomfortable) Dr. Moore himself is upbeat and cracks jokes through out your appointment. It is easy to feel at ease there. The office is clean and bright I switched to the Dr Steven Moore & Associates practice because a friend recommended Dr Sara Beaver. I haven't regretted making the switch. My wait time is minimal and the staff is friendly and very helpful. But the best part is Dr Beaver. She is a breath of fresh air and very knowledgable. All my questions were answered and my appointment was not rushed. I like the lines they carry for eye glasses. Maddy is a big help in the optical department. I look forward to my annual eye appointment at the office of Dr. Steven C. Moore.  The staff are very courteous and knowledgeable.  The timeliness of my appointment is on target.  I enjoy the dialog with Dr. Moore.  He is very personable and knowledgeable with a no nonsense approach to his practice.  I have been a long time patient and plan to continue the annual tradition. I have recommended many friends to Dr. Moore and will continue to do so!" Highly recommend! I can't wait to get my glasses!"  but three strikes and your out."  and doctor were pleasant. I have an issue with credibility of the sales agents when completing a purchase.  I purchased a pair of Chanel eyeglasses and wanted a new pair. I was advised by Maria that they will come from Italy. The pair never was ordered. They sent the original glasses off to be filled. When it was addressed Great place to get your eye exam and for your eye glass needs.  I have been a patient of Dr. Moore for years and I appreciate his thoroughness with his exams.  The staff at the front desk is welcoming and always a pleasure to talk to. I loooove Dr. Moore.  He is so personable and knowledgeable.  The staff is always helpful and they are always upgrading to the newest technology.  has not been tested on any animal. But what about everything before that? And then I just got mad. Very mad. Do they think we are idiots? Some big shot at BBW must believe that their customers are totally mindless  but it's a little overwhelming to walk into one of these places.  I usually just hold my breath  it's less congested and it's nice to casually shop without being in multiple people's way." "This is by far the best Bath and Body works in town. The employees are super friendly and the store is super clean. The new bath and body works at the mall is very hard to navigate "Very quick service if you ask for it - just a simple watch battery change out - and with the coupon I expected the quotes to be off by a small percentage ... maybe $100 or so. In fact Brownlee offered 54% more than the gold building place  I was with a friend and before just selling my items she suggested I just go one more place to get a quote. I was terribly disappointed. They weren't so nice and I got a better price at Brownlee. Their ads are correct. They pay the better price for buying your gold. I will always make Brownlee my place to go and to recommend. They are curteous They have every jewelry piece you can think of for anyone on your gift giving list!" I will be bringing my mom soon to get her ring resized and I plan on using Brownlee for all my good jewelry purchase in the future."  we had ours custom made and they came out even better than expected. They were up front about the timing and what they would do to make the molding etc. I enjoyed my experience with brownlee jewelers and the staff. I will go back for my next jewelery purchase." Great service.  Total transaction took about 15mins. Got $722 for five pcs of old jewelry. I almost fell out when Michelle told me the amount. Lol "Some nice settings for rings but some of the center stones were literally yellow to the eye and priced at $3000+. They definitely need to look at their inventory I'll most definitely return for another purchase before I leave Charlotte and I'd highly recommend this place." Met with Julie Herzog to update my engagement ring. Julie was an absolute doll. I knew it was the right ring when I started shaking. She got it sized in record time and I got a beautiful diamond at a great price. Next time I'm in need of gorgeous jewelry-I'm going to see Julie! "I called to ask for a value estimate for some scrap gold and the man on the phone said they don't give quotes over the phone. Ok. Understood. Before I drove over  it is on the receipt.  But then he asks if he can see the earrings and necklace.   He then tries to lecture my girlfriend on why she should like this set.  This was pretty bad but fine maybe he thinks this is helping.   Sadly that isn't the end.  He then suggests maybe he can exchange the earrings for ones from the kids case while sneering.  My one solace is knowing that this guy is clearly hates his life."  or good customer service. I was extremely disappointed when I came to pick up a ring I dropped off with them two weeks earlier only to find that they hadn't done any work on it! The salesperson couldn't even tell me why they hadn't worked on it but had kept it for 2 whole weeks! They claim to have in-house jewelers but actually send the pieces off have them worked on. If you love Pandora or want a cheap engagement ring  and finally I let her show me a blue diamond. Of course it had a glaring inclusion right dead center of the table--they don't do the radiation treatment to turn diamonds blue if they're jewelry quality without it. When I didn't like that It would be cool if the offered events where they gave estimates of jewelry like antique roadshow ... I pick up jewelry at odd shops and often wonder about the value.  I was once given a batch of costume jewelry only to find out there was a $15000 diamond ring mixed in- I returned it to the owner who was very pleased!"  we had just had a heavy disagreement before arriving at the store and he wasn't in the mood to buy me anymore stuff that day. So I brought over a pair of earrings and asked him for them and he said ""no"". Then he stated that I had better get those earrings back over to the cabinet and not ""lose them"". But what he really meant was that I had better not sneak over there with my credit card and buy them. But MR. BROWNLEE began treating me like a child. He looked at me  and the total was about a hundred and $40.00 to clean three rings and size two. He sized two of them to the wrong size first of all. And one of them that was sized wrong was not supposed to be sized at all! And it was my husband's grandmother's ring that has been passed down in his family as an heirloom. It is irreparably damaged by this because he made it bigger when it shouldn't have been touched at all. My husband is at Brownlee Jewelers right now trying to fix this That sums up Brownlee jewelers folks."  as well as any gardening supplies you might need.  They can even install your fountain or pond for you.  So it the redecoration urge hits  to the flower gardens & hanging plants on the front porch. Remember to enter through the back garden area & make sure to chat it up with the owner."  he refused to honor his guarantee at the end of the year. By this time many of the poorly transplanted plants had died. I filed a complaint with the BBB (look up The Royal Gardens on BBB website for detailed information) which remains unresolved as Mr Sweet refused to participate in the arbitration process. I would strongly advise anyone seeking a quality landscaping contractor to look elsewhere."  is for the advice and expertise of the owners who know their neighborhood and the surroundings.  They love to chat and will answer your gardening queries with lots of options." If your a garden buff or know someone who is then the Royal Gardens is a must." Charming place! Plenty of fountains and garden decor. Completely charming. A true respite from the busy city!! I found something for the gardener that has everything. "One of my top three garden places I shop at here in Charlotte. Just a fun place to visit and hang out for a bit  honestly. My recommendation: just go online..." "Very condescending people. We had film developed and the outcome was very poor. We asked them to make tiff images too. They made them alright. Charged for 24 and only did 14. Not only that  pretentious and down-right pompous. It's one of the things that has really turned me off to being a photographer. I'll stick to being a hobbyist."  it's always been because the staff was busy helping other customers. One of the first items I purchased there we my digital SLR and the salesman who helped me was patient and answered all my questions. I've been a repeat customer  and it decided to stop zooming and make crunching noises until it worked again 5 minutes later. The whole lens was just a disappointment. I would return to Biggs only if I needed a lens rental and was in desperation."  they will help you through everything.  These people know about photography. If you want someone warm and perky  mid-afternoon. It might be best to go there on a weekday. I was helped immediately but I suspect on the weekend the place is more crowded. If you want a patient and pleasant salesperson ask for Brandee!"  these guys have always come through. Glad to have em in town. Clean up the attitude a bit and I think it'll spit-shine up to 4 stars no problem!"  almost made me feel like it was a bourden to them for me being in thier store.... thumbs down all around" The landscape in Charlottes camera shops has changed radically over the last few decades and Biggs is still here. That tells you something. Now get out there and support a local who supports local photogs."  but finally purchased here because of the one on one service I received. The employee was great. He was extremely knowledgable and informative."  and Edward walked me through every feature of that camera as well as the highlights of similar models.  He also told me to come back in a week with all my questions.  Biggs is not only a retailer  this is a good thing...I can't stand me an overly clingy salesman.   Some other reviewers have said their staff is rude  but I'm going to go to Bigg's because I can't take a risk.""  They sold me an accessory that didn't work for my camera!  I even questioned it because I said it didn't look right.  I expect that at Best Buy but not at Bigg's." They stock an amazing supply of used equipment which they stand behind.  They keep a good suppy of new gear on hand from amateur Point and Shoot cameras I had the an emergency question about a fancy camera that I did not know a thing about. So I was not buying anything and they still helped me figure out the problem and had the expertise to tell me everything thing that I needed to know about the camera. I thought they were very knowledgeable and friendly. I have rented lenses last minute several times from Biggs. They are lifesavers when you need a quality lens or camera accessory fast. Staff are friendly and knowledgeable and they have competitive price for camera rentals. I would definitely recommend them to any professional.  and as a professional I can say they had an excellent inventory at reasonable prices plus knowledgeable staff." Excellent store.  The staff is well informed about their equipment and they are able to articulate in layman's terms the function of their products.  I found them exceedingly patient and willing to extend themselves for the most tedious tasks. "I went in to store with no intention on purchasing anything. I already had my camera equipment and all I had was questions on how to use them. I just spent 1500 on new equipment and told the sales rep. He was very patient with me and walked me through the ""how to"" with everything. He spent almost an hour with me knowing I wasn't buying anything. He didn't even try to sell me something. I call this great service and even though they may be pricey Really bad service. I bought a $70 battery from them that turned out didn't work with my led ring light. I brought it to them and they turned me away saying it's over the ten day return policy and that I didn't have the packaging. The packaging was a clear plastic sleeve that I threw away and it's been 14 days since the purchase.  Because of their rigidity I now own an expensive  paperweight.  I plan to never give them any more business.  That's what I get for buying from brick and mortar stores. Employees are kind and knowledgable. I buy film for my Instax cameras here every time. "A photographer recommended Biggs to us when we were thinking of diving into the world of DSLR cameras but did not have too much knowledge to make an educated decision. Biggs is conveniently located  they are raping those of us who still shoot film. I was charged double for a box of Portra 400. I can get the same thing for half the price on B&H. Certainly will never be using Biggs to purchase film ever again." Anyway... Thanks Biggs  It was awesome to have a place nearby that still sold film photography supplies. Prices are comparable to B&H and Adorama. Ive made my way down the east coast to miami and don't see many places like this anymore. Great Thanks for being great  and the general feeling among professional photographers to amateurs in this area is that Biggs could use some work on how they treat us."  if for no other reason than to see what's arrived lately. Once I saw a really cool turn-of-the-20th century English barometer thermometer I'd have loved to own (if only its price tag had not been so high). It's that kind of stuff that keeps me returning to the Clearing House. Maybe one day I'll find that treasure." This is one of Charlotte's best consignment houses. You will find everything for the home from crystal chandeliers to china to furniture and art. There is a lot packed into their space. Drop by and you will likely find what you are looking for. Wonderful people & better yet. .had the stuff I wanted! And the one part they didn't have will be in I a week I saved time and money!"  I am definitely returning for a bday gift (maybe some mango butter).  If you want to support African business  but he ordered it for me. I live for their pink sugar fragrance... Makes me smell Like skittles (lol). So give them a try." I'm a repeat customer here"  helpful and patient with customers who need to browse their huge selections of products. Good oils and soaps. I'll be back. Great Spot!"  what can really be said? The staff is super friendly though."  "" I'm not going to let any customer ruin my day"" when I asked for a refund for the products that I didn't receive the coupons for that I should have.  While waiting on the manager  always really nice staff and plenty of great seasonal stuff to pick through. I haven't used the Pharmacy as of yet but it is pretty close to my house so I font see why I wouldn't since they have the drive thru. My only complaint I guess  you would call it is the general area. Can be dicey at night and there seems to be plenty of transient folks hanging out in the parking lot." They have a decent selection of things with an emphasis on engagement rings and watches. If you're looking for helpful staff 9Tz4w2tmLmcf2gZnqjMxxw Amazing service - I went in for a watch repair and was in and out in just a few minutes.   Its a very nice store and couldn't have asked for better service and the prices was reasonable. "This place is the best! I don't normally write reviews but for whatever reason my conscious wouldn't let me rest without given the credit due here.   The folks at Sumpters are fast  and was so easy to deal with. Definitely a 5 star experience 9Tz4w2tmLmcf2gZnqjMxxw  than Time Warner's DSL.  The free DVR was nice but their promise of one bill for everything was a lie and I switched out as soon as I could.  Never again AT&T!  Not even for an iPhone!" "AT&T UVerse has the WORST customer service..that is IF you can figure out how to communicate with anyone.   Their website is horrible  dude called at 2:30 to say he was the ""outside guy"" and was on his way. Was indignant when I asked about the earlier time frame (actually I laughed when I answered the phone and found out who he was....3.5 hrs late!)  they shut off my services and issued collection calls over the service amounts THEY offered to credit!) and convinced me to switch to uverse which is just as bad! Internet service is non reliable and there seem to be no competent customer service staff to help sort thru the issues. I feel AT&T has gotten so big that they no longer know how to service people.  GO ANYWHERE BUT AT&T!!"  likely it is. And hope you don't have any problems with your service  i would... because words and stars simply cannot express what an awful  some outside vendors rent space here). But the range is so wide you are sure to find something here that suits your taste. So set aside a few hours HORRIBLE.  I ordered a piece of furniture in September that was supposed to take six weeks to deliver.  It is Christmas and I still don't have it.  They don't answer phone calls or emails in a timely fashion  or at all.  I can't cancel or they will charge me $300 restocking fee and delivery.  What a joke.  Thanksgiving and Christmas ruined by these jerks because I have no seating.  NEVER AGAIN Nice store to browse a bit pricey though.... where Did you get it""?to which I reply ""BLACK LION""." Prices - It is pricey! I was able to do well by not buying much This is a great store to spend hours in just browsing. Lots of interesting items.  so they gladly shipped it.  They arrived perfectly.  Wish they had one of these in San Diego.  Maybe my pocketbook is safer that they don't.  I could get in serious trouble here." What a fun place to get ideas for your house! They have over 100 booths from different vendors selling everything from jewelry to furniture. We spent a few hours here and bought a few unique treats! "I had a great experience buying my furniture from them BUT if you need any service after the purchase good luck.  3 phone calls and 2 emails later and I still haven't received any help.  I spent about $10K with them and just need a contact number to get a motor replaced on one of my Theater seats purchased through them that is not covered under warranty.  NO HELP at all.  Be careful if you need any warranty work or service after the fact  they have a good Antique Mall and most of their stuff is good"  overpriced craft show by means of how the store is set up.  I simply cannot see spending 90 dollars on a pillow from this place though.  I might go back but more to look for inspiration or ideas  waiting to be shipped. When I received an email notifying me that my sofa was ready and that I would receive shipping notification I was anticipating its arrival within a timely period thereafter. After hearing nothing for a week I emailed. I was told it would take two weeks to receive a call from the shipping company. After two weeks I emailed again (3 times) and was ignored. I finally received a call after threatening to call my credit card company and I received a phone message telling me they would be loading the truck that week and would deliver two weeks out. It takes a week to load a truck? I was finally called by the delivery company and told my delivery would be two more weeks out and I received a call today from the delivery company telling me the delivery was delayed yet another week. Do NOT buy anything from this company if you live out of state. I have never experienced such poor customer service from any company and I am disgusted that I was charged in full when the sofa was completed  both inside and out. The furniture offerings are great and the staff is always helpful. Make sure you wear comfortable shoes and plan to spend a couple of hours roaming all of the different booths!" Blacklion has been around for 20 years.  It's very dated and in need of remodeling.  It has visible roof leaks.  When it's raining they put garbage cans in the aisles (especially on the left side of the building).  There is only one small public restroom and no organization to the layout.  There is no security cameras in the parking lot.  There have been many smash and grab incidences reported. "This is my local pharmacy and I must admit I""m not very impressed.  They either give me the wrong amount of my prescription or they forget to list whether there are refills or not.  I'd suggest to check everything before you leave the store." Looks like very other cvs. The store is the only reason they get two stars. Unfortunately I usually come here for the pharmacy. They are so slow and are not any help. If it wasn't for the convenience of it being next to my dr I would never come here. I understand that everyone has bad days. I understand that if you work at CVS you probably hate your job and want to be anywhere but there. That doesn't excuse poor service and a ""screw you"" attitude. I work in the service industry and I'm not foolish enough to take my bad days out on clients I'm done with you CVS." Dawn was awesome. She went above and beyond to help me print out my Christmas cards. I have a major handicap when it comes to computer. She took the extra time to help me correct my mistakes. It is people like Dawn who can make a stressful holiday season much more pleasant. Thank you Dawn!! I use the pharmacy and have shopped at this store for many years. The staff is always helpful and friendly. I have no complaints of any kind. Walgreens on Albemarle Road has really went down hill even more with managers care more about employees and customers they have no respect they don't answer questions about drugs medication don't bother calling the corporate office they support their bad behavior of store managers talking about liars this company will lie to save an employee and that too is supported by corporate management I've been with this company 20 years time to move on I will not be far of this devilish behavior that's why Sam Club and Walmart is picking up a large quantity of customers better service less expensive drugs . Went shopping here yesterday customer service girl here I believe her name is Shannon was superb checking out not only did my walgreens card save me some money but she also had coupons for what I purchased and she swiped that as well..so I say thank u....  which happens  quite often at most pharmacies. This location does not have a pharmacy "Absolutely terrible nurse serving the minute clinic.  She was slow  it still wasn't ready.  I quit.  I shouldn't have to take a Xanax to go pick up anxiety medications.  While this is the most convenient location to where I live This Walgreen really is conveniently located at the intersection of two of the busiest streets in University area.  This store is 24 hours a day 7 days a week.  This store is getting old and the employees seem as if they are really tired of working at that place but they are nice.  The pharmacy staff are slow always!!!!  This store is not setup like your usual store but they have a lot of what you need.  being open 24 7 is a plus at least."  employee politeness and prescription availability. Went to Walgreens early in the morning (3am) and they where not able to fill a script because of it being written for the same day. Kinda makes being across from a hospital and having a 24hr pharmacy a waste of time. Children get sick in the middle of the night. How are you not going to dispense the medicine? Where not talking controlled substances here! I don't know that I would go back again." There is nothing to set this place apart from Is my point across yet? Very slow service with employees who seem to hate their jobs." This Walgreens is dreadful to go to. The staff are rude and treat you like you're a nuisance. I waited 30 minutes to pick up my medicine and they told me it still was not ready. 1 hour later I came back and waited 45 min again. This medicine was new for me and I had a lot of questions.. When I asked to speak to the pharmacist I was told he was too busy. I switched drug stores immediately after this experience. I highly recommend avoiding this drugstore. "Horrible customer service. On hold for over an hour... then hung up on I called to see if my prescription was ready and see how much it'd cost. After 45 min of holding I just went to the store..just to find out they don't accept Tricare. They move super slow and weren't helpful at all. "I've been to this CVS many times for both the minute clinic (a great feature btw) as well as the pharmacy itself.  I've never seen such a great group of tech's and pharmacists working together - they seem to all really enjoy what they are doing and working together  went to the minute clinic and got some medicine hopefully this will work"  customer service in the pharmacy was terrible! there were 5+ people behind the counter and not one person acknowledged me for a solid 5 minutes ( I was the only person in line too)." Pick up weekly ad and go to the coupon center  etc etc (but never were and always ended up around 1 hour mark). This location needs to get more staff or less work but either way they suck. PS. I severely dislike liars. Just saying." Great store.  Friendly staff.  Quick service.  Conveniently located at the corner of a somewhat busy intersection.  save yourself the headache of eternal wait times and do so." "I recently had a HORRIBLE experience with the Minute Clinic on Mallard Creek. I signed in on the Kiosk to be seen by the Practioner and waited OVER 2 HOURS. There were a couple people that signed in after the rest of us that were being called back before us. As we sat there for well OVER 2 HOURS the Nurse Practioner called back a couple more people that clearly JUST checked in. When I asked why are there people being seen that JUST signed in when the rest of us have been waiting OVER 2 HOURS. Her response.....""they are getting flu shots"" and slammed the door in our face.  So the sick people that are in pain and patiently waiting will keep getting bumped back for HOURS AND HOURS while people that are not sick NEVER have to wait and get seen immediately.  Obviously this is insane. It should be first come first serve This is a sketchy location and I don't feel safe here.  Especially how long you have to wait in this questionable environment." Their over the counter medicines are well stocked and they have a minute clinic on site for basic needs and questions." The prices for everything else here is usually higher than what you'll find at Walmart or Target - but when items are on sale the prices can be lower. It is definitely worth taking a look at their weekly ads online or if you get the Sunday paper."  there was no one else checked in at the Kiosk and only one patient in the room with the nurse ""see my screens hot of the kiosk verifying this.  I waited until the nurse comes out at 7:03 and ask her.  She states she can not see me because I didn't check in before 7:00.  I explained to her what the kiosk said and she basically apologized and acknowledged this happens all the time and its a problem with the kiosk Always slow.  I keep saying each time I go here: always hungry never lucky.  I never get lucky to have a short line.  I also end up getting robo called over and over again about my prescriptions.  it's a CVS that's ""just a CVS""; nothing special here." Slowest customer service in charlotte  I am not hard to please.  I had to visit VZW because the sound was too low during phone calls.  VZW could not repair it and sent me to the Apple Store.  Apple could not repair it so they replaced my device.  Four hours later Once I made my decision he helped me get everything set-up and even charged the phone for me a bit since I told him I'd be travelling.  All in all it was a great experience and I would have no issue returning here for future purchases or help."  and then the last day its about getting you in and getting you out as quick as possible." I'm still waiting for the iPhone 5 to come out (probably tomorrow) but so far I am very happy I made the ""switch.""" HKDekQegywCXBAm8PFw1MQ Took 40mins (and i was next in line) for me to exchange my 2 chargers that I had 2 replace 4months ago.the guy that helped me was to busy checking out women to wait on me What turned out to be just a trip to the store to buy a phone quickly turned into an opportunity to grow my business." "Some of the worst customer service we've ever encountered. We've been ""next"" on the list for 45m. Understandable that it's a friday night "i went to day and bought the Otterbox defender for my new iphone 6. Briana helped me and she was super nice This is my fourth time coming back due to inventory and no fault of the stores. I'm continued to be so disappointed by the ""hostess"". They really act like you're an inconvenience. Will probably be my last trip and just drive an hour and a half to go to my home store. Really disappointed. This is not the experience I'm accustomed to receiving from verizon."  however that is acceptable at a busy time. My representitive Tim was the most useless salesman I've ever met. Didn't ask me about what I was interested in and pretty much just kept telling me to call customer service. I was about to renew my contract and buy a brand new phone but I can tell you now I'm going to AT&T tomorrow. Terrible service Why in the world do all of your stores in Yelp say you are open until 8pm on Sunday? Can't you pay someone to Update that crap? Had to stop in here to get some screws for my bumper cause is was falling off.....The young man who helped me couldnt have been any nicer!!!  Even coming outside and checking it out.  Thank you!!!! I went to get my watch resized today and the lady working was rude upon greeting me. I decided to take my business elsewhere. I gave them 3 stars because they had sized a different watch for me in the past and the experience was mediocre. Middleton is really close to Madison the UW Campus and convenient to get to.  The store is spacious and well laid-out; really  and her attitude is just as bad.  Which I guess explains the attitudes of the staff.  There are plenty of other places to shop that actually appreciate and help customers."  though they sometimes get a bit too chatty and aren't anywhere near the register when you need them. If I could improve Archiver's Talent ? When you are carrying the above listed items all in one basket At times they also have some nice selections when it comes to seasonal items such as Easter  NO MORE day trips to the Middleton Walgreen's!!!" I visit this Walgreens often since I work in the neighborhood. The employees are always very polite and helpful especially the 2 gentlemen and young woman who work the registers during the evening hours.  (I wish I could remember their names).  Get signed up for their rewards program....there are great deals to be had!  but it is easy enough to punch in your phone number while checking out. I don't bother trying to use the actual rewards card. Having the ""Walgreen's"" off brand items definitely helps you save a little money."  and the charge was extremely reasonable (about half of what I expected..) . I will be back!  (BTW...the map here and address are wrong....it's on Parmenter St..not the beltline....Just down the road from Culvers.)" "Friendly staff that does not give you the typical ""BS"" when trying to sell you something. I own a landscaping company in the Madison area and after experimenting with other power centers around town Very good people to work with"  however no one wanted to help me.  There were several employee wandering about.  I tried for about 10 minutes to get someone to help me - no luck.   I absolutely refuse to beg retailers to let me spend money at their establishments.  I left and went to Ace Hardware on University Avenue."  crappy selection.  Fail." I highly recommend working with them."  $500 deposit back.  It is now too late for trees to be planted and established by winter.  I am waiting to hear back from them.  I will give an update later on as to whether I get my deposit back!  I have had trouble in the past with them not showing up for a job..no call ..nothing.  I should have learned my lesson then!"  and Bruce gave me a hard time about refunding me.  Last straw:  the $50 rubber plant I purchased in August came home with some time of mite infestation I am new to the Madison area and a avid gardener some friends told me to check out this store for seeds. I found there selection very good they carry the whole selection from seed savers and a good amount from baker creek as well as a number of others. the customer service was wonderful a clerk named Alyssa helped me with my selections of seeds and an orchid. I did look around it looked like they were doing some remodeling. prices were average for a garden center except for the furniture which looked of high quality but not cheap. the check out was fast and the clerk wrapped up my orchid so it would not be affected by the cold not something you would get at home depot when I bought one there.I will go back when its warmer to check out their plants since I want to start landscaping my new lawn. "I drive to the Bruce Company from Sheboygan every year to buy seeds for my vegetable garden. They have a great selection and lots of them are organic varieties. It seems as though lots of the staff are gardeners  and they even offer a return policy!  Go to Middleton and buy local!!!!!"  only two of whom were legitimately occupied with customers (although the one was bustling about in the plant section pulling something together for a customer and passed me multiple times without even a ""hi""). I immediately downgrade any business whose employees don't acknowledge customers."  to be exact) here over two years ago. We were fairly picky about the size   shape we wanted and staff accommodated us by ordering more of the particular kind we liked. We then got to pick out the ones we wanted from the shipment that arrived (that was more than we needed). I was worried that they would suffer after two harsh winters but even the bushes that were the hardest hit bounced back in the spring & still look great!" And that was my first and last experience shopping at The Bruce Co."  as they go above and beyond to help their customers in any way. Sad that Bruce's will happily lose a customer over one shrub." Good selection and friendly people. "I was impressed the first time I popped in this location. I didn't have high hopes since I was used to the Northport location. I found most of everything I was looking for and even one type of Japanese Maple I thought I'd never see here in a store in WI. If the drive weren't so far for me  charming!!!!!!!!!! the associates are very savvy with gardening tips and knowledgeable. Please ask them for any concerns or questions on plants. They will give you the best tips. My yard looks beautiful thanks to proper advice and help from Jungs. Not as cheap as wal mart nursery but you get what you pay for" "Staff are always a bit snooty. Decent selection of tropicals for my indoor pots Bw0_JDQnZeYf-2xTCpVEHA  and a couple boxes of ammo for my AK-47. He also pointed me in the direction of a few shooting ranges that are assault rifle friendly  ws very helpful everytime.  Very legit and better prices than the Gander Mountain down the Road.  Would recommend!"  I call him uncleTrig is very knowledgeable and most important of all an honest businessman "Knowledgeable & friendly When I first walked in the store I was greeted by what I thought was a grumpy dude. I was mistaken in many ways because Trigg is a great conversationalist and his knowledge of guns is impeccable. He will help you find the right gun for you for what you can afford. I have purchased four weapon and many boxes of ammunition up until the time I moved to Maryland a few years ago. I heard Trigg was retiring so I felt I needed to write this. Good luck to trigg. "New location on Columbus st looks clean and fresh. Helpful owner offers personalized  as a technician. I have a pretty good idea of what the job entails."  I still need my drugs!  Glorious drugs!  So instead I sit in the drive thru for 30 minutes with all the other people who need scripts but don't want to chance going inside."  and with service with a smile. It made my day - thanks they explain your options and quality levels there fully charged and have always been in stock I just didn't feel like they wanted to help me or cared to have my business and that's the worst feeling someone dropping close to $100 can have at a business."  and it was spreading to other crops. The disease spread to other pepper plants that I purchased from elsewhere. It's very frustrating to put a lot of work and effort in to a garden My balcony didn't turn into an outdoor oasis after one weekend." They have a large variety of plants and flowers at very reasonable prices. Everything I've purchased there thrives. It's the only place I will go.  and I found myself constantly ducking under low-hanging pipes; I watched people shorter than me doing the same. The isles are barely wide enough in places for one person with a cart "Very good selection of succulents (kind of hidden away behind the cash register) and phenomenal customer service. An employee walked me through picking compatible succulents  but be aware that customer service when browsing for plants will be scarce." "Was hunting for cat-friendly house plants and the employee here was so helpful! Gave us a list of cat-friendly plants and pointed them all out to us. We got four plants and he potted them all for free. Four beautiful plants Took a clock in to get fixed and knew nothing about it.  Very helpful and informative; 3 week turnaround.  wall and mantle clocks... All beautiful.  I have had repairs done on my antique grandfather clock and a couple other clocks by Kappel's and have been very pleased with the service.  I would highly recommend them to anyone needing clock repair... Wanting to purchase a clock... Or just wanting to take a step back in time(pun intended)and browse.  Try to get there on the hour when all the clocks strike their chimes... It's a delight!"  you are supposedly the ""experts"" on clocks! I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone! Find a different shop to go to!!" "Horrible service! The two guys working there are so rude. They acted like I was stupid because I didn't know anything about clocks! They spoke very condescendingly & seemed like they just wanted me to leave so they could go back to their conversation. I don't know about their quality of repair work Update: The clock I purchased broke within about a month. I took it back and told them and they repaired it no questions asked - free of charge. I would highly recommend this place."  with a full-service area too. Nothing special Worth stopping in if you are looking to score some deals on the cheap before they shut their doors."  you may have to sift but I have found some great deal!" The Camera Company is my go to source for camera equipment. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Dave is fantastic! He will never lead you the wrong way and is very helpful when it comes to buying what you really need. He's honest and doesn't try to make you purchase unnecessary equipment. This is the kind of service I'd never get at big box stores that probably sell the same cameras but without the great people to help."  but mostly go to the Eastside store. I've purchased 2 cameras from The Camera Company  please do yourself and the customs and immigration staff a favor and have a decent photo taken at The Camera Company. It won't cost you any more  thank you Tim Erickson. I will definitely use The Camera Company again and I hope to work with Tim again as well!!" I would DEFINITELY recommend Martin Glass to anyone!!!!" I love these guys.  I needed some glass replaced in one of my windows in a hurry because we were selling our house and closing within the week.  I contacted Martin Glass with my emergency because I couldn't get the window out easily enough to take it to them.  By that afternoon it was all fixed!  This was a huge relief and they were super helpful and friendly during the process.  picture frame glass or any other relevant projects. Such great people and great friendly service! A locally owned and operated business. That's a privilege to have in the neighborhood in this day and age! Highly recommended." "Don't count on the people in this store to give you complete information. If they'd listened to me and addressed my needs Very unhelpful. The staff did not even attempt to address my needs.  I would have not learned about any of these things. I was less than impressed with the customer service I received. It was so poor that I almost just walked out of the store without buying anything. She was lucky I already knew what I wanted." "I was very disappointed at the service I got here.  My iphone is 1 1/2 years old and was turning off on me constantly.  I didn't drop it and never had problems before.  I went to the store for help and they checked the battery and then told me there is nothing they can do unless I purchase a warranty on the phone.  I went home and deleted old photos and videos and updated the software and it no longer shuts off.  I just think it's ridiculous they told me there was nothing they could do unless I bought a warranty  and attentive!! Alex is the manager we worked with and he is also extremely knowledgeable (and a good salesperson too). We had a defective antennae on our long-awaited iPhone 6; it couldn't be authorized or connect to cellular service. Both Verizon and Apple tried hard to troubleshoot over the phone for HOURS The worst cell phone experience of my life. The staff was rude and directed my to call the hotline and quit wasting their time. I would recommend going somewhere else unless you like being insulted and taken advantage of. qt3WwxMYShshHX7UsyTK-g "Sales staff was knowledgeable and friendly. Toni helped me and she broke out pricing differences and helped me to make a decision that worked within my budget for switching phones. I was on a very old plan and she showed me how to get more data on a different plan.when I asked her to explain all elements of the pricing  just gave it the complete tune up and called to say they were finished with it just two days later.  I brought it home and it's working as well as when it was new.  I was afraid I would have to pick up an expensive vacuum in order to pick up dog hair in our house  even though it wasn't necessarily the most expensive one. We got a Miele and it's absolutely blown us away; there is a factory warranty on the motor "Tommy Tucker sells the highest quality vacuum cleaners....and they are ALL ABOUT service as well!  They recently helped me unclog a vacuum hose and didn't charge me for their trouble.  (And it was not the vacuum I had purchased there several years ago).  They are always friendly  but don't say I didn't warn you. ;-)"  but I feel like this location has the least amount of plants as compared to the Sun Prairie one which seems to stock more things. In a pinch The guy behind the counter has a great sense of humor. If you are easily offended NFiITDN6V53iLAOTOZgbOQ Best customer service!   Will do returns with a smile.  looked good but mechanically was unsound. I called a national number as instructed and eventually someone came to look at it. Parts were ordered and someone else came and put in part of the repairs  we ordered a piece of furniture and received the product survey before it even arrived ... Nice!  The survey is time sensitive and we were unable to comment. Our salesperson was nice enough to deliver the piece; however  it hasn't gotten any better. I talked to our salesperson last Friday and La Z Boy has not even looked at (it's been 6 days) our piece of furniture. He apologized and assured me that the manager would call to explain. Five days have passed and we have yet to receive a call! Is there a Lemmon law for retailers?  Unless you are yearning for disappointment  but I do not know if I will go back. I felt like I did not want to offend them so I saw there longer than I wanted to." I have been to many stores in the area and won't go any where else but La-Z-Boy.  The experience was no pressure and they came to my house to help me with my whole room.  The sales associate and designer were great.  I love my new room.  Will go back when I finish my lower level. Do yourself a favor and check out Sikers before you buy from them You'll save yourself lots of money like I did."  we went to pick up the requisite food and supplies.  Mounds is the place to go. Locally owned and operated "Mounds is the best pet supply store in town. It's more reasonable than the national chains and has a great selection.  They even donate their own food to the Dane County Humane Society My favorite thing about this store was the Adoption Center. They have this great big glass window that you can see all the available kitties they have up for adoption. And they also have a board with pictures and descriptions of available dogs from the local shelters they can bring in. I know PetsMart offers this as well  etc. everyone who works there is super nice. this is the only place we go for pet supplies anymore... and the fun size mounds bars they give you at the checkout don't hurt either."  I think this is a wonderful company with wonderful goals. Unfortunately "Awesome store!  Had the Acana Ranchlands dog food that I was looking to get Cheppie and PItzie.  It's funny b/c the two people who helped me also give their food Acana Ranchlands.  I was able to convince two shoppers to change to it also from the crappy food they were giving their dogs.  Good prices too.  Not the best  I'm really split. This is where the half-star comes in. While the cashiers have always been friendly while I check out  but this mounds is clearly where LaFollette and Monona Grove kids go to work part time after school. Molly was friendly and quick and I was really thrilled by her professional and kind demeanor. I think the other cashiers could take a note from her book. She was so nice :)"  and to top it off you are likely to be overcharged.  So if you do go you best check your receipt.  Plus they tend to get in your face when questioned about store policy.  Sure they have the food I want but I can get it in a different ""friendly"" store.  Lose the attitude!  What ever happened to good quality customer service?"  but at least the personnel are friendly enough to direct you toward what you need. If you have a pet The only reservation I have about giving them 5 stars is that they seem to hire a lot of teenagers to run the store  she said she didn't get to it because she was working on some 'really big' projects (ours wasn't big enough to pay attention to apparently).  When she finally got back on the line she changed her story and said that our information was now lost but she would find it and call us right back. That was two weeks ago and we haven't heard from her since. Unfortunately they were the only dealer in Madison who carried the cabinets we have and we will now have to go out of town to get our cabinets/countertops" We were contacted by Marling and decided to give them another chance. We worked with a different person (Maria) and everything has gone smoothly so far. We are currently awaiting our new kitchen cabinets/countertop  I was shocked to see something that looked nothing like the molding Julie and I identified together. I immediately called Marling. Julie was apologetic but quite firm in that Marling doesn't take responsibility for ordering errors "We were very pleased with the products and service we received from Marling Homeworks for our recent kitchen remodel. We worked with Jenny S in the Madison office. She helped us order cabinets and quartz counter tops  I totally love that they have the same song playing that they have had since the dawn of time playing on the loudspeakers." "Don't shop here.  The owner John Menard is PURE EVIL...  Menards is a terrible place to work  and I'm happy that they were willing to make a small exception to their rules If I have to ever return here it will be only for the lumber and building materials selection which is far superior to The HD or Lows."  but the lack of wasp spray had me downgrade a smidge. We stopped in here looking for 2 things: some wood stain touch-up stuff and wasp spray. They had numerous options for the first  but when all you need is bags on concrete it's annoying to have to make that trek. The new checkout lines are set up in a really dumb way. It forces the checkout person to have their back to you for most of the time that they are checking you out and you have to bag things yourself now. Inside the store I've had to hunt around when I did need help with something  but what I got instead was a poorly organized store.  Had to hunt down a putty knife.  Spackle and wood putty are on a different side of the store from putty knives and sandpaper.  They carry a random assortment of food items "Was hoping to get the right parts for our leaky shower handle.  Its a sad day when YouTube is more helpful then these employees.  As my wife points out  money saved is time spent."  I accidentally dropped a bottle of rust remover gel in this store and it spilled everywhere. I did the right thing and went to the service counter to let them know. The guy behind the counter said nothing and called someone to the front to clean it up. It was an awkward exchange given he didn't say anything. Usually a costumer service person would say ""don't worry about it"" or ""no problem"" after you apologize for making a mess but whatever  albeit shoddily since the ends were all chewed to bits. Glad I grabbed a big old stack of sandpaper "Wow. Literally worse customer service in the department store industry...what a JOKE the staff (older man and ""manager"") at customer service acted as if I were interrupted the pope for god sakes (no pun intended...okay maybe a little) I didn't realize pay customers I just wish you could enter and exit through both sides of the store like at the Depot." Worst customer service ever! 45 minutes before closing. Employees avoid you  instead of helping you find what you are looking for. Then when you ask for your paint to be shaken. They tell you in a stern voice NO WE ARE CLOSING AND DON'T HAVE TIME. $350 purchase and they make you bag it at the regester. time to switch to Home Depot.  definitely stop by because there is a booth filled with a bunch that are really awesome and priced fairly."  an you could be in there all day!  It's my one stop shop for rolling pins  a retro canvas print (for $3!) and a chrome tray."  lots to look at with multiple vendor areas and good prices on most things. Didn't find anything I couldn't live without  dishes and vintage toys. This is a great place to spend a Saturday afternoon. The prices were reasonable. There was a check in offer and some of the dealers booths have coupons."  that's on a stall-by-stall basis. The only downside is the location. But that's totally workable considering what a great little antiques mall this is!"  and they don't follow you around trying to talk you into buying anything.  Another reviewer mentioned a lack of mid-century items and I concur Great selection of fun stuff!  We stopped by on our way to Chicago and it was a perfect break in the trip to stretch our legs and browse. "You can spend a a whole day here and still not see everything.  There's something for everyone here. Great records too. Some items are a little pricey  embrace your inner septuagenarian and see what floats your boat from the good old days." They have a lot of stuff.  I would plan on coming multiple times if you want to go through it leisurely.  Bring a little pad to keep track of numbers the cases you need a staff member to open.  but for me (and other people I saw walk out with nothing) I just thought the prices were too high on multiple items I was interested in. Not a bad place just not for me."  jand I have been going back and forth on a wooden credenza for his office. They aren't easy to find. My dad sells higher end furniture back in Ohio so I can be a little picky and snooty when it comes to furniture and it's quality. Just like how I am with wine. Ok that was totally uneccessary. No wine in the review. We didn't need wine after a trip to Don's because the powner was extremely helpful. He showed us a few options that he had on the floor then took almost a half hour to sketch out a customized credenza that his Amish builders can make for us. The process was not overwhelming at all. J searched through a digital portfolio of samples while I searched through a binder of selcted styles. The owner actually helped guide us through the process as well. So you basically are working with a designer should you choose to have Don's build your furniture for you. Ok  they seem to be catering to Baby Boomer generation style. Us younger customers would find a lot to love if they could offer a larger selection of updated pieces (e.g. Only four stars because I haven't had a chance to visit the storefront yet."  they also stylishly put the card inside the wrapped basket itself and put up with my phone calls asking if everything was going according to plan.  They also added the flowers as a last-minute request and didn't overcharge me for it . . . overall great people to work with!!" "Called direct to the flower shop after picking an arrangement that was listed on their website. Person was very professional who took my order. They were able to deliver the same day too! My Mother-in-law was very happy - she sent a picture of what we order- flowers looked fresh  the flowers which had already been paid for were very different (much much smaller bouquet) than what I was told I'd be getting  old flowers.  Tons of swearing and screaming coming from the back room "We had Felly's do our sons bar mitzvah flowers including baseball themed centerpieces. everything was absolutely beautiful and Romni the manager was incredibly helpful with ideas and execution and basically held our hand every step of the way which made the whole experience fun and easy for us "Helped tremendously by friendly staff especially Pam who helped me make decisions for family who lives out of state for my Uncle's funeral flowers. Very fair pricing and quality work. Seems like a cheery place to work. Also have beautiful Casapri cards/wrapping zzhSCOVTZ7MUKOAfwT-Bsw Place is fantastic! Best in Madison. For all things growing - inside and out. Nice to be in a store where employees actually know what customer service means. They really try to be engaged with their clientele - they have a monthly Friday shindig with some cold meats and sodas I can't say much about selection because it's not my area of expertise but in terms of customer service  was very professional and had my dishwasher fixed in less than 20 minutes.  His prices are reasonable and his work was top rate.  I would highly recommend his company and will definitely use them again." "John is warm and trustworthy! He is reasonably priced and does reliable work. He repaired our refrigerator and was able to repair it right away. I would welcome him in my home anytime  he had everything and got'er done! The time he was here I could hear his phone ringing and he never answered it! He made sure I was his concern while he was here. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND calling John if you are in need of some repair for your appliances! I did read the few reviews on Yelp while he was here and all of the positive comments where spot on! In short if you need a repair guy and don't call John you are doing yourself a huge disservice!" John came over on the same day that I contacted him and he kindly explained to me why my dryer wasn't drying as it normally does. He then advised me on how I can easily fix it on my own! Amazing. I will be calling him when a real repair is needed!  with good staff who can answer your questions and provide good space planning advice.  The showroom is pretty large I bought furniture in Nov 2013. I was told 2 weeks.  It came in jan but there was a problem with the fabric on the chairs. It is now almost July and no resolution to the problem Still no chairs.  Supposedly they are ordered.  It is almost 9 full months now since we ordered our furniture and this problem has not been resolved. Still nothing from the store.  No call. No replacement furniture.  Wordy customer service. Finally they delivered a new set of chairs and exchanged the ones I had.  They are better but still not great.  You be the judge on whether or not you would buy from a store that takes almost a year to resolve a problem.  At one point the general manager stopped talking to me and turned my problem over to the assistant manager.  Way to go Rich.  until one rep (not the manager who was helping us) continuously reminded kids not to touch the decorations. From the beginning we took turns looking after the kids Carter's management could have been more polite and helpful in my situation. I was actually surprised at the way I was being treated. I have since turned away several friends from visiting their showroom." Their hours stink. With no evening or Saturday hours and since I work almost as far south as Savoy I can't always make it there & back on a lunch hr. Now they've adopted a herd the cattle style of doing business. Take a number & wait. Then they make you sign something saying your questions were answered when clearly the cashier couldn't answer any medical questions. My questions were not answered but I signed just to be able to get back to work on time & it was clear that there wasn't a respiratory therapist available to answer a simple question without another lengthy wait. I guess you can do business this way when you have a monopoly. I'm basically happy on Health Alliance HMO except for the fact that this is the only med supply place they cover. If I could go anywhere else I would. "Carle Medical Supply was a great place for me to get my cpap machine. All the therapists try really hard to give great care  my mother was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. She moved from her house into my house to live out her last remaining days. Her hospice nurses once again called Carle Medical Supply to bring in the necessary supplies for my mother to live out her remaining days. She was surprised to see the same Carle Medical Supply employee The people working there are very cool and they help y a lot!"  saying I took my old one there. I don't think I will sell my integrity for a 20 bucks ink. Ridiculous mean!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Staff was friendly and they had what we needed." the birthday cake eminems were on sale but they were disappointing at best  I'd definitely go back. Maybe I will for those Armani frames." Will be going back next year." I was recently at this location and the staff there was friendly and courteous.  They helped me in all aspects of getting my glasses.  I was impressed with the knowledge and experience they have.  The nice lady who helped me named Suanne was willing to help me and concentrated on helping me fulfill my needs in finding the perfect frame.  I highly recommend this eye care place.  especially Dr. Sanders. She did my eye exam and it turned out that my prescription had not changed much at all. Dr. Sanders was very honest and told me that it was really up to me if I wanted to get new glasses because it was not really necessary.  I did not get new glasses this time  Dr Sanders was a really nice lady who knew what she was doing. The first set of lens gave me some irritation and i requested for a different pair of lens the next day and she attended to me immediately. Definitely a great experience and I would highly recommend this place."  I feel like I overpaid for these name brand glasses with lenses that are still too heavy and thick.  I've been wearing the glasses for 7 months now and they are uncomfortable and heavy on my face.  This experience has been so horrendous and I hate my glasses so much that I am seriously considering lasik surgery so that I never have to wear glasses again or have to deal with the hassle of getting cheated on a pair of glasses in the future." Quick service.  Friendly for the most part.  Doctor ( I think Johnson) is very knowledgeable and explains everything quite well. Dr. Sanders is excellent.  She was able to explain to me things about my eyes that I had been asking both optometrists and opthamologists without being able to get a clear answer.  She explained things to me in a way that I could understand and was patient in doing so.  I really appreciated that. "Dr. Sanders and her whole staff are prompt & go above and beyond.  It's not usual that a trip to the eye doctor is actually an enjoyable experience  especially if you are making Google Glass with prescription glasses!" The Crizal lenses that they sell craze so quickly and so easily and they were not willing to do anything about that issue that I have. I spent m It was such bad luck that I went to the location. I wish I never had known about the place." I got my first ever pair of contacts here and was able to get in same-day. The doctor was patient with me and made sure to get me the right pair that were comfortable for me. Would highly recommend - will be back for my next exam! :)"  but it was impossible to do so with plastic frames. She hardly adjusted them at all and said it was all she could do (she still charged me the $5 fee too). When I went home to Chicago  for their outstanding customer service and problem solving skillz. Like I said  I picked up my rings. The setting was fixed and the metal was replated on both rings. It looks amazing. Absolutely perfect! My rings look brand new again. The replating and the fixed setting didn't cost me a dime. They really take care of their jewelry and their customers. Great job  and my experience was the total opposite from the previous one.  The attendant's demeanor was condescending and snobbish  Neil Brown ""Who wants to be your jeweler!"" never even came out of his hole in the back.  This place is over priced and will rip you off  however the freindly service and the quickness of it more than made up for it." I guess i could have been tricked but i will never know."  tell her Gretchen says hi!" But at least Mammy is free." You will find a part of you you thought you'd lost." I am greatly angered by and disappointed in this place."  etc) at moderate-to-high prices. I don't always agree with the pricing given the condition of some pieces  some jewelry was not really suitable to be sold and some were great deals.  The only issue is it is very crowded and not alot of room "carrie's thinks that old stuff costs more than new stuff I'm actually curious to go back and see what other jewelry they have to offer. I perused the furniture  this is a place for you - unless you get overwhelmed by small spaces and clutter easily. If that is the case I am pretty happy with the vintage scarf's I've found.  Very pretty.  I found my boyfriend a silk shirt for ten bucks.  Always something of interest here. "this is what i would call a sweet book shop.  i have been shopping here since i was a freshman in college...17 years later i still find myself wandering in here when i'm in need of a distraction.  the staff are very helpful and always amaze me when they are able to locate something.  imagine an old building with a zillion floors  while you won't find me there often due to my intolerance for poor organization  there's an attempt at order with amazing rooms from ""Foreign Language"" to ""Science Fiction"" to ""Medieval Lit"".  Jane "I love taking people to Jane Addams for the first time - it reminds me of my first time coming here and the wonder and amazement I felt exploring its 3 floors of books. I always find something unique when I shop here. Apparently it is now under new management - and the place looked more organized than in the past. I think they are working on a computer inventory of books It's now under new ownership but have no fear! They've already done a great job. They've opened up the space a bit more so it's easier to get around but the selection is just as terrific. They're apparently in the process of building a database of the books so one day if you're not feeling like wandering around but are looking for a specific title they'll be able to tell you whether they have it! Not sure they're there yet but they're trying. I'm just so happy none of the charm of the place has been lost. Price-wise most books are decent Though nothing is amazingly cheap the only books you'll find that are marked up are out of print books and even then it's still very reasonable." "I love used book stores and this one didn't disappoint. I stopped in here looking to expand my Nancy Drew collection and scored four books I've been looking for. And they were only $7 each. A total steal! Plus  let me just say that I adore this place. I'm pretty sure this used to be a residential house or something that they converted into used book heaven. There are two and a half floors of just floor to ceiling stacks and shelves of books. It's decently organized The staff is great.  The inventory is mind-blowing  and now I go regularly again. They've told me they are working to electronically catalog all the new works that come in and are slowly getting up the backlog as well. They know their stock and are glad to help you look for something. But  with books piled everywhere.  Cramped narrow allies between the shelves.  Deceivingly large though.  There are three stories of books in all genres.  The owner is great and she will help you find anything you want.  I have found great gifts here as well as stuff I want to read.  A great location downtown  u could disappear with a book into a cozy corner. they have a giant selection. thie only problem was when we checked out it was raining like crazy and the girl asked if we wanted a bag and then when we said yes she gave us a paper bag. old books An unbelievably charming reading nook that offers an extensive and exciting expanse of reading experiences that seems to grow and grow before your eyes as you explore each new floor. "I love this treasure. I would say ""little"" treasure but it isn't little. Jane Adams has a wildly big selection of unique books. The only problem I ever have if going in and deciding on just a couple" My favorite thing about them is that they have a really fantastic book purchasing policy.  You can get a lot of in-store credit for what you have.  Definitely something I have taken advantage of over the years."  definitely the better foreign-language selection than the one in Urbana but poor organization and prices are a bit high."  they used to have a super comfy couch in the second floor but it's been gone for a while now :( you should still find comfy spots around the bookshop to sit down and read a book."  and well you get it. All of them carefully categorized and well decorated but the sense is as if you've ventured through time travel; each room is very unique and has a vibe similar to its titles  I'm extremely happy!"  and open to any questions.  Her office really has a good system down pat - I've always been seen on time and have never been left waiting in the exam room for more than a couple of minutes. All of my appointments have lasted around 30-40 minutes.  I really appreciate doctors who respect my time!"  I've been considering heading down to Champaign the next time I'm in the Chicago area just to have an eye exam from her. Things get done right the first time  which was the cause of my headache. I went to Illini Eye Care before but they did not test for that. The only issue is that I have to wait for ~ a week to get my new glass. So the best thing to do in my opinion is to get the exam here  and they have a terrific selection of glasses and contacts. They are great at helping to find a flattering and fashionable pair of glasses. You will have to wait for glasses (~1 week or more) "I love this place!  They have a good selection of frames incl. some very unique ones.  I especially like ""Linda"" who has fitted me several times and has an INCREDIBLE eye for what looks good on you xUgj_KF0-XRv_DBj96Yiaw  are expensive even with eyemed insurance. Sure eyemed insurance has a $20 co pay for lenses and $20 for frames and that sounds cheap. But when you include ""extras"" (which are necessary IMO) like anti-reflective coating and polycarbonate lenses the price goes up by A LOT. This wouldn't be so bad because I can shop around  I found frames that I really liked and I'm pretty picky. The optician and I talked about brands for a while and she told me she won't carry any with poor customer service or frequent issues. She told me this after I had chosen my frames and I had asked about another brand. It was a little more informal than I am used to at an eye doctor. All of the employees were wearing a uniform that consisted of a t-shirt with the office graphic on it and come of the instruments in the exam room actually had a layer of dust on them--dust! In a medical office! Still since most of the optometrist's tools are optics and were designed decades ago (for the most part) this really didn't bother me. Overall "I've shopped here often over the years and have always been satisfied with the products purchased or the return policy if I wasn't.  Lots of items to choose from and yet lots still unavailable that should be there.  Was in there recently to buy some new non-stick pans and asked a guy if they had individual pans of certain brands rather than just sets.  He disinterestedly showed me a few things that were already in plain sight and left it at that.  I saw a young lady helping another customer and asked her.  She showed me exactly where to find the items I was searching for (not in plain sight).  Headed towards the cashier and realized I'd left my store coupon home.  With 20% off on an $80 saute pan "Came by here looking for a new medicine cabinet (being my bathroom is lacking one) as well as a new 10"" saute' pan. The staff are virtually walking around like zombies and tend ignore you (unless of course you act like an extra on the Walking Dead  but we did manage to provide an apartment of 20-year-old guys with all the homey things they don't know yet that they need!"  you have to always use it to make the prices more reasonable." "Never anyone around to help. Items listed on website and listed as ""in stock"" with the store location can't be found. Easier to use Amazon.com." "Not bad for Champaign. Helpful associates. Baby clothes always on sale. They also have a Birthday thing for your kid until they're ten years old. Prices are high but you can find anything. What really impressed me was the amount of starter instruments for kids. Anything you can think of Newly remodeled and service is friendly and available. They don't price match. I was told they will only price match their own webiste.   ordered what we needed on the spot with free shipping" Come with coupons or you'll be paying a lot for things you can find at a consignment shop." UGGGGH!!!!  Damn you Toys R Us!!! Damn you!!!!!   No matter what coupon I have Sign up for a TRU credit card to earn cash back on purchases" I have a baby registry here due to a friend's recommendation because of the money back policy. The first time we went was on a weekend and everything was okay (besides the woman spelling everything incorrectly on my registry so I had to come back to fix) but we went on a weekday to finish up and it was awful. We had our travel system picked after much research/trial. The registry sales person took it ypon themselves to try to talk us into another system for over an hour. We wasted all the time we had on that and got nothing else done. I walked away feeling really bothered by the dude and upset he'd wasted my time. I haven't stepped for back in the store and don't really want to. Get control of your registry people champaign toys r us! Help only if asked and get stuff right the first time! If you want to see an example of an establishment where absolutely no one knows what they're doing- and will insinuate you're in the wrong when you call them out on it- still don't go to Kay Jewelers."  3 employees were more interested in what they did over the weekend than helping me. I told them exactly what I was looking for and they fumbled around and tried to show me their very limited selection of earrings. I said I saw what I wanted online and could they order it?  I was told in a vey snippy way thay I could do it just as easy as they could. Really!!!  I left and went across the aisle to Helzberg and got exactly what I was looking for." "Employees get commission and the one lady who helped me the first time didn't remember me at all. I even had a business card and she gave a weird look. The second lady who helped was there earning a paycheck I have been remodeling my home and have used this location to buy all my paint. I cant say enough good things about the customer service I have received here. Ty especially has been a real pleasure to work with. He knows his product inside and out and has gone up and beyond to help me. Highly recommend!  the store manager is a super star!  We needed to match a paint and the only thing we could find was an air register that was painted.  We brought it in to the store and she was able to match the color.  After we got home  but don't leave me standing here in front of you to listen to your conversation. I'm the customer standing here ready to make a purchase. After enjoying her phone conversation Now if I only had more jewelry to take to Renaissance . . .  =)" "My husband found this little place near his office a few years ago.  What a gem.  The owner Jaime cBH0kCvvUjQ9DBaAMUDSMw "Asked the jewler if he was able to replace the battery in my husband's Tag and he said it wouldn't be a problem.  Left the watch with him while I got a sandwich and when I came back he said he didn't actually have a battery that fit.  Since the watch was in the case and on the pillow "Someone that understands business. I just went in to get a new battery. I didn't have any cash on me so he told me to come back whenever and pay him. I don't often go to watch repair shops "I had a broken watch band and was looking for a nearby repair place. Doug was great A  pleasure to work with!" Doug did a great job on my Tag. It took longer then expected but was not his fault. Fixed it and polished it like new. I highly recomend him. Always professional and reliable service for big or small jobs. I highly recommend their services. I won't hesitate in trusting Doug and he comes highly recommended." This place carries mostly touristy stuff.  I think thier prices are a little high 9zjSYbbWV5WHt-Jl7vE1Vw "I loved this place.  It was a little pricey but all the stuff in it had some kind of paperwork.  The paperwork explained about the materials used. I thought the lady who worked there was nice.  Don't skip go in---even if you don't buy you can soak up a little astmosphere I shopped in the downtown store last July and found that the lady that worked there had a lot of hisotical knowlege to share.  I loved the shop and the fact that I learned a little about the area.  She didn't have the item in the color I wanted so she directed me to the Gainey Ranch location and they had it.  That is also a lovely shop and the owners were there.  They were also happy to share some history with us which was great.  Both shops are a great place to visit when visiting the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. I'm not going to wait so long the next time I need something fixed in the back yard." "Seriously wish I had some other cushion projects for this company they did such an amazing job and were such a pleasure to work with - and the price was wonderful too! They made cushions for a window bench for us out of our own fabric and they are simply perfect.  They turned them around so quickly I'm still amazed and the work they did is beautiful.  Iryna  fast and good value for the money.  Had some patio furniture repaired after rodent damage.  Job well done.  I will return again." I would have never switched service if I didn't have to in order to get my iPhone.  And for the record ... the iPhone is the best object I've EVER owned.  I recommend you avoid AT&T wireless at all costs (unless you want the best phone in the world  they worked fine for me?  Three phones and a few years later I am giving up.  l am a caregiver for a lady who is older.  I can't tell you how many times she and other people have told me they can't get through to me when I haven't left the city limits.  If I am going to have a stupid cell phone-I could live with out it "Another review of AT&T wireless....not the store.  This may be a record; they lasted less than 2 hrs for me!  After 12 years w/Verizon I decided to leave so I could get an iPhone.  GIANT mistake.  I called to activate my phone  Customer service via phone and chat online and no one will help.... lousy phones lousy service. I have no texts for hours. I mget messages after a 2 hour to 24 hour delay. Ridicu;ous. If it is was not for IPHONE thises people would not be in buisness"  they don't break down pro packs of film--if they don't stock or the manufacturers don't make a given film in single-roll packages The staff are all knowledgeable and usually fully answer my questions. I've learned a lot there." The lens had a nasty scratch inside and the film advance lever was also broken.  They were able to fix both issues for a very reasonable price in about a week's time.  I would definitely go back for future issues with my camera." I love that they hold classes here.  I am planning on attending two of them.  I can't wait!!!"  but no instant gratification on the internet.  And who is going to help you with a problem or answer a question when you have one?  Who will repair or clean your camera for you?  No  its a good place but service needs improvement." This shop and its knowledgeable staff will be missed by many." I encourage all the former loyal Photomark customers to visit Photomart.  I'm sure you will leave disappointed.  Two thumbs down to this lemon!" if youre in scottsdale or looking for a great photo store....DEFINITELY CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!" Call ahead to make sure they have what you are looking for While they do have an lot of items to choose from in there..They didn't carry everything I needed /: but overall and good place to stop by for any camera needs.. The prices are reasonable and employees are very knowledgeable. Friendly staff here and was super easy to rent lighting from Photomart.  I had a shoot in Scottsdale and found them online.  Whole process beforehand was easy to coordinate and returns etc were handled expertly.  Def would come back for my next shoot in the area! Amazing service! Picked up a Mamiya a week ago and they have continued to help me better understand my new system.  but they took the time to walk me through how to use the equipment. Will be going back for sure."  and eames era furnishing. The furniture is lovely- but the prices are SKY HIGH. Expect to pay top dollar for you won't find any bargains here. With that being said (Side note:  The store also carries art and a small selection of vintage clothing and accessories.)" "This is a stunning vintage modern showroom with more of the same furnishings for sale inside.  Unfortunately Everything is beautiful in there.  It's like going to MOMA. I can't believe it's in Phoenix! THANK GOODNESS! This is the place that has everything I've ever dreamed about.  I'm saving up for this gorgeous vintage hanging chair.  I hope it doesn't sell before I get my hands on it. The owner here is really cool and encourages you to look around even if they know that you probably can't afford anything there (like they did with me). Another thing about the owner at Red Modern Furniture is that she's really passionate about what she does and I thought that it was really cool that I could talk to her about what was in the store."  and is always willing to help.  It's worth a visit even if you aren't considering making an actual purchase.  There are things there that you won't see anywhere else in this state."  making sure we didn't touch anything at all. It's a frickin' furniture store! How can you not be allowed to sit on the couches? I don't care if they're vintage or antiques or the like We found some really great pieces we liked that would work perfectly in our home.  And some we fell in LOVE with other stuff but have not purchased.  It is pricey but they are like pieces of fine art.  It is Eames-era heaven.  There is the most beautiful desk I have ever seen and other pieces that just left me in awe.  If this is your style  so my only hang-up with Red is that a lot of neat stuff does not have price tags; who knows We now are on the verge of a full-blown vintage furniture addiction that is only being held back by our income. I've actually considered putting off plans to travel the world and raise a family in order to get the perfect coffee table." kb_gDoTlPHf_Pk-L9sGMtA The vibe is not my kind of phoenix vibe.  I've probably been in the store 10-20 times and have either received no greeting or a cold/frosty one.  For that reason alone I don't want to give them my money."  the prices are sky high (although that doesn't mean that isn't room to bargain) and the staff is extremely unfriendly. I would rather shop on Ebay or go pay full price at Lumature or Design Within Reach." "How incredibly pathetic.  I just had the worst experience at Red.  Then I get on Yelp and realize how many others have come to the same conclusion--enough to write about it!  How can a store possibly survive if you are treated so poorly.  Wow.  I was seriously shocked--zero personality and 100% icy and rude--as if they didn't even want you in the store.  So why did they open one?  Even if I found the perfect piece items are nicely arranged but prices are too high!  and everything I asked for pricing on was strangely $1000 + (even a lamp I already owned and paid $20 for at a thrift store).  It was as if he didn't think I was worthy of owning any of his furniture.  I have since frequently seen him at estate and yard sales around phoenix  she said ""I don't go to a luxury car dealership and sit in all the cars I can't afford. People who buy a really nice piece of furniture here don't want something that everyone has sat their butt on."" I'll never waste my time there again."  I'm assuming that the majority of the their actual customers come from web sales because there is no way anyone I know would spend that kind of money on furniture when the sales staff is acting like they're doing you a favor by allowing you to breath in their precious vintage air."  check out the wonderful vintage stores elsewhere in town." "Most helpful and friendly pharmacy staff that I've ever encountered. The drive thru can be slow He refused to override the charge for a prescription that I'd already paid for. He told me if I had a problem I could call 1800-Walgreens. I did just that. I spoke with someone in customer service who said that someone would contact me within 48 hours. I received a call the next day saying that my prescription was ready and the fee was being waived. Jerk." and sometimes they have treats for my dog!"  has most everything you would want/need from a convenience store." "EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE HERE! I've used the pharmacy (drive through at night) and store during the day and both were excellent experiences. By accident I left an item behind in the store after a purchase and the employees And it has all of my girly necessities "I've been filling my scripts here for almost three years and Chris always goes above and beyond to make the process as easy as possible and answer any questions. Sometimes the wait for the drive-thru takes awhile Very friendly staff that is always happy and willing to assist with any needs. Every time I visit as a frequent customer I'm treated with respect and kindness. Run from this place.  I have Walgreens for years. No more. The prescriptions are not filled when promised. They lost one that took me forever to get.  Scary situation. How well are you prescriptions being properly filled if they can't the paper work right.  Horrible place. I want to write this to warn you of the growing homeless population that seems to live outside of this location.  I honestly feel bad for people that are stuck in this situation but begging just makes me feel uncomfortable.  Not a day goes by that I shop here and am pestered with requests for money.  The thing is that I don't really carry cash ever so I feel bad for not having any but also feel violated for being requested to shell out my hard earned cash to someone that is setting up camp outside a drug store and speaking low and incoherently and walking towards you and your car.  Gives me the creeps." "Walgreen's=crap.  This particular location has me convinced to avoid Walgreen's altogether for matters of convenience.  Poor service in the pharmacy is common.  This is strange for a place that was built around the pharmacy business.  Pharmacists here=decent people.  The pharmacy techs=overpaid  but go elsewhere if you want to get anything done in a timely manner." do something about the bums and ill consider coming back to your store" "A fairly decent Walgreens. This location did not carry as many items I have found in others Pharmacy is entirely too slow.   This is a busy place.  Either need faster workers or more of them Got a flu vaccine today and although the pharmacy was very busy I did not have to wait long (15 minutes or so).  Pharmacist administering the shot was very professional and I did not even feel the needle! "Wow... So I ordered 3 photo books spent 2 days customizing them and hit the ""same day pick up"" option. It showed me several stores at which I could pick up and I chose this one. My pick up time was 7:15 pm. I showed up at the pick up time and was told by the gentleman who works the photo department that they were unable to make these because they were out of ink. Why they didn't call me when they received the order I don't know.. But these were Christmas presents and I needed them tonight. I asked them what I could do and they said they were calling around to get the ink from another store. The manager then told me I would need to drive and pick the ink up if I wanted these done tonight as his staff didn't have cars. So i drive just a few miles down the road retrieved the ink and came back. Keep in mind I already asked if they could just transfer my order and they said they couldn't. So as I handed them the ink he told me it was the wrong kind. At this point I'm pissed but all I care about is getting these books. He told me unfortunately there wasn't anything they could do and would refund my money.. Which I didn't want I want the photo books I ordered. Before just giving up and running with my money I called the online customer service number and in 2 minutes she transferred my order to another store. Yes I was retarded for not just doing that myself at the beginning... But I trusted the manager of the store... Whatever you do do not assume if it says your order will be ready that it truly will. My mistake that I won't make again." I would like to give them some credit.. They gave me two free books and a store credit when I went back. At least they made it right. Thank you Alex (store manager) "I think don helped me today in photo. Couldn't possibly be more annoyed. No hello. Had to stand there for 10 minutes just to have him huff and puff over nothing. Terrible customer service Very friendly and courteous employees here." So if the lenses color does not bother you then this is the place to purchase your lenses and if you want them to be a certain hue then I say to go somewhere else and pay the extra bucks." These guys are awesome.  I went in there with a broken pair of glasses that I bought somewhere else. I asked him how much to repair and he said let me take a look.  He brought them out about 15 minutes later and handed them to me completely fixed. I asked him how much and he said have a good day. Amazing. I will definitely be back for my next pair. Their customer service was phenomenal. Go check them out." GO Sherwin Williams!  Don't waste your time at Dunn-Edwards.  Their customer service is at best spotty and uninformed...at worst  I found the paint was the wrong color. They made no attempt to help in the suituation. I basically spent triple the amount of money on this paint only to have them point fingers at the carpenter. I'll go elsewhere next time and so should my carpenter." I was told I'd be waiting 45 minutes for my paint this morning. It arrived in 15."  they got it wrong. Had to go back again today and have them remake it. Waited over an hour to get one gallon of paint mixed. I like the quality of the paint I just left the paint store and I'm literally still sitting in the parking lot because I'm so P-o'd . I went in there with a chip of paint and told them I needed a paint match. The guy said they could do it and I expressed to them that it had a hint of purple in the paint at my home I just picked up the paint and it is not even close to being the same color he would not help me out. Basically told me I was S out of luck. I will never go back there again the guy was a complete arrogant you know what. Now I have a paint color that doesn't match anything in my home and I cannot use it. Reading through the reviews I see that the same problem has occurred to other people. I would go anywhere but here from now on and I used to go there quite a bit. I wish there was an option to get zero stars but the guy that help me this morning was nice. Very unfortunate customer service.  Apparently it is not their policy to accept returns on unopened paint.  This was not a custom mix either.  So now we have a $50.00 can of unused paint.  Crummy. Super friendly store & excellent service. Kimberly was so nice to work with. Pleasant & made good recommendations. Patient team & timely turnaround. Would absolutely come back!!  I paid and a few minutes later I was out of there with my paint. Very impressed with their quick and courtesy service." Everyone is so friendly here! Can't say the same of the lady who works at Bell and 35th. Everyone at this location was kind and helpful.  bought the rig and we're on my way. My man went to Dunn Edwards because they opened at 8. At 9:05 (Sherwin Williams opens at 9) we have our rig and ready to go at Sherwin." NEVER. Just go to the cosmetics counter. Tell 'em Thomas S. sent ya!"  I may be transferring the family prescriptions to Walgreen's. It's a nice change to deal with people who actually make the extra effort and who seem to care  the 16 year old check out dude will wonder why you're buying it at 1:13 PM on a Wednesday afternoon but do you really feel like you need to hide your pleasure seeking ways from him. Make him jealous." This is the only useful yelp I've ever written! How could only one person find this useful? I don't understand..."  this location attracts a lot of crazies and weirdos - perhaps bc of its proximity to the LR station and Central Ave in general."  and that's just the people that work there. They roll one distrustful eye up towards you (the other obscured by emo fringe) and glare at you for even daring to disturb them. As for the people that shop here My only recommendation would be that Take Care hire a medical tech to assist with checking people  they say they know shes there. She has a shopping cart there with all her stuff. Shes friendly  they have been more efficient with their operations whenever I have come through here." I went there today for my son with only partial info on his Insurance (no card) they took care of everything with no hassles and had it filled quick." I showed up without an appointment and without insurance. An hour later I was seen by the doctor and given 2 prescriptions all for under $150. Thank you Walgreens Take Care Clinic." I am contacting an attorney first thing Monday morning. Good luck Walgreens."  this has happened to me before at the same location BEFORE the remodeling. So they can't blame it on remodeling confusion. They are just dumb." I want to see what happens with the displays when Christmas is no longer dominant before I get too giddy Walgreen's as been a life saver at 3 in the morning on several occasions."  you're a fuckin moron." DD04nMRVg0fBGHCX3uCLwA This Walgreens was in major need of renovation and boy did they hit this one out of the park. Walgreens new company style and service has far exceeded my expectations with this location. I've been here numerous times for numerous reasons and have never been disappointed with selection and customer service. I highly recommend anyone who wants to check out the new revamped Walgreens at this location.  and pertussis) and it was a super fast pleasant experience. I opted for the pharmacist to do it  you might want to try the ER if you're carrying your pinky finger in a cup of ice." Convenience stores sure have come a long way.  I recently went here to pick up some prescriptions and I was blown away with the store.  The lighting was bright so you could see everything.  The aisles were not so tall that you couldn't see over them. There were signs everywhere so it made it easy to find what you were looking for.   The customer service at the pharmacy was top notch. They provided me with an estimated wait time and were spot on. They rang up my additional items right there. Even though they were busy each person received such great attention and smiling from everyone there it was heartening. It is also nice to know that they have a take care clinic available right in the store.  I recommend if unsung it to schedule an appointment online. I think they have a restroom here that you can use if waiting for a script as well. I just heard some folks asking and they let them use it. So that is yet another handy item they give."  those in need of a coupon or savings for their special medications.  A worthy face of the Walgreen empire." Last night 4/4/14 we attempted to make a digital print and were having issues. The young man at photo was very unhelpful and rude.  We ordered our print and went in to pick it up today and we ordered a thumbnail instead of a 4x6.  The young woman today Margold(?) salvaged it and presented us with a beautiful 8x10 in about 5 minutes! Thank you so much for turning what was a bad experience into an awesome experience.  In addition I ended up buying some things I would have purchased elsewhere.  he let out a big sigh as if I was causing him an inconvenience. He asked me why I hasn't filled out paperwork (which were nowhere to be seen) and grabbed the papers I had brought (for the physical). He stared at the papers and  looked at them as if they were written in a foreign language. He let out another sigh. It was at this point that he wanted to start the exam  the prevailing customer service attitude is ""Don't like it? Feel free to take your money elsewhere."" They know all they have to do is outlast their lone remaining bricks-and-mortar competitor.)" Love this place! I have been going here for years (since I'm right across the street) and everyone is always so friendly. Just went in tonight and had excellent customer service (like always) which is why I wanted to write this review. Everyone in there is amazing and friendly. True neighborhood establishment!  I was a fan until I came to fill my dogs prescription here. I dropped it off during a busy time and they said one hour to fill. I come back and they say they didn't fill it because of how much it cost. They wanted to make sure I was ok with the high price. Umm...how about call me or something? Too bad. Still get photos here but no longer fill prescriptions"  and the time before that they called me to tell me it was ready and when I showed up it wasn't ready. I'm sick of waiting here and eating my time for my prescriptions. I am taking my business elsewhere."   like playing cards for my mom or magnets... Can't be beat"  this is best option near me since Quick Pharmacy closed. They make a ton of $ on scripts with my family of 4.  Called ahead and spoke with pharmacy rep on site...asked timing for.a prescription that had been called in by my doc. Pharmacy said 15 min...now still here and its 15 min plus 45 more. Pita."  always ask how I am doing and are chatty while I check out."  I've heard  a lot of positive feed back from my friends."  which is great when you need something late. I've had a number of posters printed here through the photo department and they've always been great about making sure they look exactly as I want (even if that means re-printing). The staff is friendly too. I had a chest cold recently and was unsure what type of medicine to get for it. The pharmacist in the store came out from behind the desk and helped me pick out medicine for it these days want a paycheck but don't want to work for it !!"  but what I do take issue with is this store making me seem like I'm crazy. When a company has a parking lot they are supposed to maintain the care of the lot..not only after someone threatens to file a lawsuit against them do you then decide to remove the tree. That was and negligence on their part. Guess what my vehicle is still damaged from their negligence."  and I would consider giving the create your own box of chocolate card as a present  they have to be amped up on sugar. What else is their to nibble on? Great service. Great candy. Great location. But where was the See's Candy professional to slap that 14th piece of candy out of my hand last night as I slipped into my my milk chocolate coma on my 600 thread count sheets  they have to be if you ever watched some people pick out a box of candy. I would be slapping them up against the wall. It is a nice open store with an abundance of product all of which I have eaten much too much over the years. I love the chocolate but I crave the peanut brittle it has to be taken away from me in order not to eat until I puke."  this I have always known. But the last time I was there they asked after I said we did not have the discount if I was a veteran. Wow discounts count whodathunk  this place is awesome because right when you walk in they have free samples! The store was very clean and the people who work here are exceptionally nice. I wanted to buy a Bordeaux bar (for my mom - its her fave). The girl behind the candy counter gave me a few Bordeaux samples since they were all sold out of the prepackaged ones. They offer city employees Keep up the fantastic work and the product you have there!" I love that they ALWAYS give you free chocolate and have amazing customer service all around. It is so much fun to go and hand pick a few treats for me and the roomies. The quality and uniqueness of their offerings make it definitely worth the trip. If you love chocolate then you should be asking yourself why you haven't stopped in before now. I am eating a pumpkin pie truffle right now that is rockin' my world Traveling back through my childhood by writing about these exceptional chocolates has made me realize something: these are some of the best truffles I've ever had Their peanut butter patties are the only chocolate peanut butter treat that fill my intense longing for my favorite girl scout cookies Lots of parking outside as well." Prices are great. We got 4 truffles for less than $3. In terms of quality  gotta keep the sweets on close watch ;) id return for more chocolates"  older lady at this location and much better reviews.  Purchased a 2 pound box of turtles.  She will love them. Which makes the drive totally worth it." Make sure to check if your employer is on their list to receive discounts I walked into See's for the first time since my childhood yesterday and was immediately greeted with a warm smile and shortly after another girl rushed over to me and handed me a sample chocolate with a smile. I told the lady I was looking for an anniversary gift and she showed and explained to me everything they had and helped me find the perfect gift and wrapped it so beautifully for me. I picked up some lollipops I remember loving so much when I was little and when ringing up at the register the lady who was helping me made sure I was happy with how she wrapped my gift and sent me off with more samples. such a wonderful experience and I'm so grateful for the wonderful lady's help making such a beautiful present. I can't wait to come back and pick up my favorite candies on a  regular basis from now on! thank you so much to all the wonderful ladies at See's! Thumbs up for great customer service in a world where it become more and more evasive." "Always an Incredible Pound of Chocolates and Candy ($17.85 Per Pound at this  Location.)  My favorites include:  Milk Chocolate's -  Peanut Butter Pattie You can't always believe what you read on the Internet.It says that the store on Camelback and Central is permanently closed.NOT.I CALLED AND THEY ARE OPEN.WE ARE ON OUR WAY. Castle Megastores in general are a poor choice for all things adult.They are extravagantly overpriced for run of the mill products. * I take no responsibility on whether or not you get laid.  I have complete faith that some people can totally wreck their chances very easily." 2) Boyfriend learns a little too late that his girlfrie" I don't know if this specific location is like that... I've been to the one on I-17 and Deer Valley... yeah POBB4VfC5yRIfK7Ou0UnAg  it might be a good place to go and either frequent or just to get the visit out of the way so you know you've seen what they have to offer in comparison." Do people walk into adult stores and ask for help and recommendations?  Ekk.  Everything sold here can be supplied with the same general directions: 1) Insert 2) Turn on 3) enjoy.  No need for creepy chit-chat.  Just let me pay for my items and skeddadle." Why does Phoenix not have better sex toy stores??"  I cannot believe that as a salesperson he be that flat out insulting to me. I will NEVER return to Castle on Camelback because of the employees' treatment to it's customers. The one at I-17 and the 101 is worth the drive." + Could have done a better job keeping their popular products stocked."  this location has gone downhill over the years. Staff seems a bit apathetic. Not a lot of variety of merchandise compared to their location in north Phoenix off of I-17 or any Fascinations location in town."  nothing has a price on it and the store is way too over-stuffed which makes it very difficult to maneuver.  The owner is very friendly but perhaps a bit overly chatty.  The shopping experience is a bit annoying "Please note this store is NO LONGER at the Central Ave address.  It is now on the SE corner of 15th Ave and Thomas.  The owner Corinne is the sweetest lady in the world and she remembers how she obtained EVERY item in here store.  She now has prices on a majority of the clothing.  The new location is a bit smaller than the Central Ave location  the back door gave only onto the mall's shared internal patio (a charming place for a winter lunch) "I love this place!! I was hunting for a vintage hat for a Kentucky Derby party and called this store. The lady who answered was the owner and assured me that she could help. The store was packed with items from floor to ceiling but she knew where everything was. I brought the dress I planned to wear and she completed the outfit with a vintage pill box hat  and was unable to wear them. Michelle swapped them out for a great fitting pair "I've been getting my glasses for over 6 years from here and it's such a nice change from big chains. The staff really care about their customers being happy with their choices and they go out of their way to make sure they are satisfied! Patient and helpful  have been using this place for 6 years and I think it is way better than the cookie cutter opticians. They make sure I understand my options and help me with choices. I love this place." We say Yes to Foto Forum and still buy Lee gift cards here for birthday and Christmas." I strongly caution you to read their policies before buying anything. Cameras must be returned within 7 days and most items are non-returnable."  I'm pretty cheap and incredibly indecisive when it comes to purchasing video/ photography equipment. I'm also a tactile consumer and like to touch before I buy.... online. Camera stores can be the worst for people like me because sales people don't want to waste time with  lots of questions and no happy ending. Foto Forum is one of the very few place where I don't feel like I'm a douche bag for checking things out before I buy. I've interacted with John I shop here all the time. The folks who work here are very knowledgeable and helpful. I've spent thousands of $$$$ over the years and never gotten advice or less than stellar service. I bought the 60D with the 18-135 kit lens and a number of other items that will help me get started with getting serious about taking pictures and video. I hope they are around for years to come." I like Tempe Camera better. They are always soo helpful and they have WAY more stuff. Not to mention they aren't smug or pretentious. Can't say the same for this place." Regarding pricing:  I research everything I buy before I make a purchase.  I know that I can beat the prices at FF on many items by ordering online.  The difference is generally fairly small though Don't know how this store stays in business." VilxIfmahfOhMcIaGK8Www  smarter alternatives.  I'm very grateful to them.  They've helped me a great deal with regard to professional development.  Cost the same or less than internet sites." I stopped into Phoenix for one night on my road trip cross country. Upon realizing my film camera wasn't working I looked up photo stores in the area and this one was closest. I'm so glad I came here- they gave me honest answers and didn't try to sell me things I didn't need. They were really nice and helpful to me and my friend who was also having camera problems. My camera is still working great. This shop takes the time to explain the equipment the sell you. The were quick to help and friendly. They made sure my equipment was ready to use and that the lenses were protected with filters. Bill was really helpful.  but the Sales man was at least willing to help to see if we could make a deal. Now that's awesome customer service."  and I am sure I will not be the last one." "I went here to try out a tripod before I buy. I also wanted to support a local business and not use them as a showroom for a cheaper online purchase. After some very helpful advice I did buy a tripod and a pan head.  After looking online I did get a competitive price for the model that I purchased I called ahead to make sure they had my lens i was looking for. nikon 24-70 and yes they did! They held the lens for me till I could come in. when i got there I was greeted with smiling faces. the man that helped me check out was nice and knowledgeable. This place is the absolute worst. I would much rather go to best buy or use amazon. Every time I go in there I either don't get helped or the staff scoffs at me and act like I don't know what I am doing. I may be young but that doesn't mean I don't know how to use a camera or that I don't know when I'm being ripped off. Stay away from this store. I really wanted to support a local camera shop but they make it impossible for me to do so.  and they said that they did.  So I drove down there and ended up buying a microphone however due to the distance on the microphone that I needed it didn't work as planned however the store took it back without question. No hassle and still were very helpful so I'm very happy with them." We stopped in here with friends who are professional photographers that were looking for a lightweight camera to take with them while they backpacked the Grand Canyon. The person who helped us was incredibly knowledgable (without coming across as arrogant) and helped them select a great mirrorless camera. They also had a TON of equipment for professional and amateur photographers. Great shop! Thanks Mike and Bill at Foto Forum!" Great camera store. Employees are very knowledgeable and take the time to answer your questions. Highly recommend!  A+ experience. This place deserves more stars." "I have now been in to see the knowledgeable staff there over the last three months.  I have been very happy with their service and dedication to the customer.  Sense me first visit there I have purchased two lens (a Sony DT 1.8/50 & a Sigma 10-20mm)  no one talked down to me and there was no resistance offered on the battery return. The pricing was very fair....so the whole experience was very satisfying."  I'm really gladiator went there. I had some old photos digitized and thought the price of $39.95 for 100 photos was a good deal. I haven't gotten them back "I called pretty much all the ACE Hardware stores and Home Depots in the valley and nobody had what I needed! I finally called this place and they had it! They had the beloved gaffers tape! Excellent! They put it on hold for me  they have the best advise and quality product. I will be frequenting Photo Form for many years to come. Keep up the amazing work you do and skill you provide to students."  and assisting me every step of the way without pressuring me or trying to convince me to buy something I didn't want.  I chose a camera and it was the same price as online. The store has everything you need and more!  So much knowledge and great service in one place.  I won't go anywhere else."  patient and informative.  I highly suggest visiting this location for all your photo needs."  check them out.  Support local business while we still have them!" This is an interesting place to do some shopping at.  I never know quite what I am going to find there so usually I buy a few things that I don't plan on.  This time I picked up some rather expensive pens at quite a nice markdown.  They have a more complete inventory I would expect to find in an small office/stationary store.  I think the prices are well with in reason depending on what you need  You can spend money if you want to.  The services they offer are more extensive than I would expect to find in a store that doesn't come close to the size of a Staples.  It took me only two trips to get satisfactory business cards ready to be printed.  Not bad when you consider I went in with really no idea of what it would to take to get what I wanted.  The personal touch of their employees makes a difference.  There's a nice little gift shop next door that can help you save you a trip if you are looking for some things the Stockroom doesn't have.  I was able to support a family-owned and local business. I highly recommend you stop by the next time you are in need of office supplies and/or shipping."  I'm upping them to a five stars now.  Recently I ordered some things and remembered something I haven't said in my past review.  If these people say they will call you concerning an order  so I searched on yelp to find the closest office supply store. Lo' and behold! The Stockroom popped up! Perfection! They have it there. Yes!!! Now I know the closest place to get them. 5 stars!  *****"  and Cynthia have created a great space to source business supplies.  They are friendly If you're an office professional or just love the smell of paper supplies and are a pen fanatic this place is for you!!  give Central Phoenix Eye Care a call... it's painless and as pleasant as it can be to go to the doctor!"  but I don't...and they broke twice and the Central Phoenix folks found new stems and replaced them immediately - at no charge.  They were super warm I have NO IDEA how this was all supposed to go down but it was seamless. Great attentive service. Nothing to complain about."  and friendly. I will probably go back to Central Phoenix Eye Care because the time I spent with the doctor was definitely what I was hoping for when I chose this office. I sure wish those grumpy opticians would just buck up! It would make everyone's experience much more enjoyable!" I highly recommend Dr Frank." gztTQsgq6FJwIoV4P4RNIw  and I didn't have a wait at all!  They also have a decent variety of frames to choose from.  If you're in need of an eye doctor  well organized staff went out of their way to schedule me for an early morning appointment and then asked the lab to rush the glasses."  down to earth and very knowledgable. The office staff are super sweet and very helpful. The Optical staff are very helpful when ordering glasses Last year when my mother visited us she was having some problems with the pressure in her eye.  She's diabetic as well and she suffers from eye damage as a result.  Dr Thompson made time to see her and check the pressure in her eyes to confirm that the medicine she was using was working properly and that the pressure was returning to a normal level.  She went out of her way to provide my mom with extra care and I really appreciate that"  and found this place.  I made an appointment and was seen within a few days.  Dr. Thompson and her staff gave me the most thorough vision exam I've ever had in my life!  She actually recommended some brand new contacts because she said my old ones didn't fit me that well (I had no idea).  Wow After going in and experiencing a very friendly staff and a knowledgeable doc with good ""bedside manner"" who addressed my concerns and questions I knew I lucked out in picking the right place to go. Dr. Thompson and her staff definitely go out of their way to help you with anything you need. I would refer CPEC to anyone." "Superior customer service. Dr. Thompson did a great Job The staff is very friendly... All this examination plus the glasses cost only a little over $100 with insurance.  I thought that was pretty good!   I definitely would recommend this practice to anyone!" Thanks for a great experience and excellent customer service - I'll be back even though you're not in my network!" I'm disappointed to have to report that Dr Thompson left the practice.  The staff has always been professional and courteous so I'm sure this will continue to be an excellent practice. They could use better signage out by the road in front of their building. They're in a taller building on Seventh Street I found this office through Yelp and am so happy with the whole experience.  Thanks all around! "This was my first visit to Central Phoenix Eye Care since moving to Phoenix - and I'm glad I found them.  The office staff are very friendly and helpful.  I had an appointment with Dr. Stephanie Mastores - I didn't have to wait later than my appointment time  it's the best eye exam I've ever had! I was seen immediately and did not have to wait. This is a huge plus in my book. I am very happy I have found a competent eye provider. I always use Yelp to find my doctors  now.  No kidding!  Perhaps upwards of 30 years or more.  I have received excellent care and personal attention all through these years from 3 of the doctors that I have seen there.  Dr. Kantor has been my primary optometrist for most of this time.  Due to his ever burgeoning workload  They get my highest praise and recommendation!!" "Back to wearing glasses after 11 years and all I have to say is ""Thank You"" to Central Phoenix Eye Care. You made the experience the best possible. And Dr. Stephanie Mastores is incredible. I can see clearly now and am looking fashionable as well. This is the only optometrist I will ever recommend. Thanks again and Go Buckeyes!!" I have been going to Dr. Kantor for years and have always gotten extraordinary eye care at his office.  He and the staff are simply wonderful !!!  This practice is the only one I will recommend to my friends.  which I am at risk for.  I feel very secure that my eyes are in great hands.  They also have an extensive selection of frames and are ready and willing to help with choosing that perfect pair.  Thanks Central Phoenix Eye Care for years of great service!" "Another fantastic visit and eye exams with Dr. Kantor for my son and I - none better than him (don't let him know I said that). I've been a patient of his since he took over this practice. I started with them in 1970 when it was Dr. Cartledge "The best eye doctor facility I've ever been to.  They were so thorough I was astonished.  Staff is pleasant and knowledgeable.  They take Federal spending account cards.  They utilized computer imaging to look into my eyes which was just amazing to look at while he explained the health of my eyes.  When asking about eye surgery because I'm slightly vain  but even better was knowing that I received a high level of care! I definitely recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care!"  i.e. a new prescription.  Central Phoenix Eye Care is well staffed with competent professionals many of whom I've known for many years.  Dr. Kantor has been my primary optometrist for nearly 30 years and I can attest to his competence  I converted him over soon after we started dating. It was so easy...the service and the one stop shopping.  Just stop in and say Hello and you won't want to leave." They seemed to be very detailed and organized and  after going through a horrible situation at another optimologist (3 tries and could still not get glasses right!!!) I came to Central Phoenix Eye Care through Yelp. My appointment was within a couple of days which was great because I was desperate. The tech and Dr Mastores were informative and thorough which I grealty appreciate. My glasses eneded up being costly but they are wonderful. The eyeglass guy was full of information helping me to make the right choices. Great place~I am here to stay!" I plan on setting appointments for my husband and son next week. Our family is all-in." "The doctors are great.   The staff is ALWAYS helpful and I've been extremely satisifed with the selection of frames and lens options.    I used to work right down the street from their office  I recently developed an allergy to my contact lens solution. Dr. Mastores diagnosed me accurately and then prescribed a course of treatment (corticosteroid drops  I've now switched over to Dr Mastores and she is equally as wonderful!  I love the staff here and their selection is great.  When my insurance switched and I had to try a new office And I got some adorable glasses - that arrived at the office earlier than anticipated." "I really like Central Phoenix Eye Care. They have a clean office with new equipment; they're front office staff is super friendly and helpful (I brought my workday lunch into the appointment because it would get so hot sitting in my car  and I get in and out within 45 minutes. They're great with scheduling and the office staff is very nice and personable." Great staff!  On time service!!  Dr Frank answered all of my questions.  I would refer them to anyone. I went there because of the YELP reviews and I had to YELP myself.  They are THE eye-care center I would recommend above all." "Went here for a much needed and long over due eye exam. I felt like Dr Mastores and her staff did a very thorough exam and were not rushed. She took the time to answer all of my questions and there was no attempt to ""up sell"" me on any additional services or even glasses for that matter. The office staff is friendly Highly recommend to anyone in need of glasses and wants to support our local businesses.  Thanks guys!!!" Excellent staff and care.  Highly recommended.  knowledgeable and thorough. I had my toddler child along for his first appointment and they were awesome with him. They were patient and let him play with all sorts of their devices to keep him happy. Everything was explained to me in detail regarding both my own vision and my child's. Their frames selection was fantastic for anyone  I tried a ton of different colors and I never felt rushed or like he was trying to get rid of me.  In fact he was suggesting more for me to try!  At the end of the appointment when I went to check out I was a bit taken aback by the total  saved me money by informing me that my sons glasses where still had a another year warranty on them. Great Place to go to."  in Goodyear and it is well worth the excellent service!"  extremely thorough and do a great job. I travel from Gilbert and they are well worth it!"  as well. I would recommend this practice to anyone living in Phoenix who needs a reliable "Took my son here because of my past experience with Dr Mastores for a comprehensive eye exam after he broke his glasses while playing basketball. Wouldn't change a thing in my last review. Staff was friendly  acted just as professional as any other eyecare facility I've ever been to (and I've been wearing contacts since 1975)... charged me $95... and I can buy my contacts online at half price now.  FWIW "I was so sad to leave my eye doc when we moved from Idaho. I never thought if find a place as wonderful as I had at home. Let me tell you They were very patient and great to work with "Great staff and very knowledgeable doctors. They took care of me even when I was being difficult with trying to figure out what prescription strength works best for me. Their prices aren't the cheapest  but also the quality of their staff and customer service! This is a wonderful office and I highly recommend them!" Wonderful experience! All the staff is beyond helpful and great to work with from start to finish.  They're very thorough and knowledgeable.  by far. They even take a picture of the inside of your eyeball and show it to you on a computer screen. It's pretty cool if you're into human anatomy." Dr. Steven Kantor is a great Dr and person. Our family has known him for over 30 years but we now live far away. If your in need of a great man to help with your eyes go to him today. "I have been going to see Dr. Kantor for maybe 15 years or so.  He is great! A couple of times I have had issues with my eyes or my contacts and he is great about doing whatever it takes to make things better.  Very "I have limited central vision due to the eye disease retinitis pigmentosa.  As such going to the eye doctor is always a bit challenging for me LOVE going to the eye doctor now!  They can get me in and out in no time.  Extremely friendly staff! Best optician clinic in town hands down! I decided to try this place out through yelp because of their ratings and I had a very awesome experience. The staff here are VERY fast and friendly. Came here for an eye exam and it was appealing. I would recommend this place to anyone! "The front desk people are so amazing every time I go in. They're always upfront with what will cost extra and not pushy to sell extra examinations on you. Dr. Uselman is so laid back and honest in trying to help me see the best I can (another eye doctor I went to in AZ was awful and just wanted me in and out). I'm from a small town and have had the same eye doctor since I was little. After 3 years of searching  then called around and found an optometrist nearby willing to give me a sample pack at no charge. Many thanks to her for going out of her way to make sure I was taken care of in a stressful situation. This place has an amazing staff!" Our insurance changed... So that meant we had to look for new doctors. I was happy at the place we were at and felt a bit anxious looking for a new place. I found Central Phoenix Eye Care thru our vision insurance website and then the reviews on Yelp. I have no regrets! This place is awesome! Everyone is so helpful and friendly! Dr. Mastores is amazing and is very patient. I have never had such a thorough examination. I guess I never knew what I was missing. If you are like me and unsure about a new place for your eyes... Look no further! This place is it. Very friendly staff.  Dr Usleman was extremely courteous and excellent bedside manners.  Great selection of glasses that are quick to have filled.  NO WAIT!. Dr Usleman was great. He explained everything in terms that I understood and at no point did I ever feel rushed.  Overall the staff was friendly and knowledgeable. I was very impressed. I have found a new eye doctor. A great experience!!!!!!!" DrHei8dBcbGNNyhP5qjBYQ  and truly care about making the patient happy.  I have gotten 3 pairs of glasses here and always have a great time picking them out with the staff.  Matt is especially great and entertains my annoying ways of picking out glasses... It takes me forever!! I love how all the staff gives their honest opinions on what looks best on me.  I will come here time and time again and will refer everyone I know to Central Phoenix Eye Care.  In a day where excellent customer service has been taking a back seat "I found this place on Yelp and saw the great reviews.  Needless to say I expected a lot.  And everyone of my expectations were met over and above.  What a great staff and Doctors.  I can't say enough about this group; their attitudes I brought my daughter in for an eye exam. Dr Kantor was very thorough and the office staff were all very friendly.  I ended up making an appointment for myself.  I saw Dr Frank. He took the time to help me understand the exam and what was going on with my vision. He was also very thorough. I had a lot of questions and he patiently spent his time explaining all the answers.  Then when it was time to pick out glasses I received even better service.  Matt was able to help me find the right frame for my face. I have a hard time deciding what looks good. I am confident that he helped me make the right choice. They treat you like a member of the Family great friendly staff  I turned to Yelp.  Central Phoenix Eye Care had received several 5 star ratings and much positive feedback from prior patients.  I was treated with the utmost professionalism and care by all of the staff in which I interacted - very friendly and welcoming environment.  I am happy to say I have found my new eye doctor." "I remember walking out of my eye exam thinking 'Wow I had a lovely visit!'. How crazy is that thought coming after an optometrist appointment?! Dr. Mastores was so friendly and informative (and bonus  it just seems the guys running the glass frame ands contact ordering portion of the business are quite lacking in their customer service and follow through." This is the best eye care anywhere. Whether you go for a check up or an emergency they are  highly competent. My whole family goes here  with wonderful results.  the office was quiet. Dr. Steven Kantor was very friendly and clearly answered any questions I had. I highly recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care." "I never thought I would actually enjoy a Dr's visit.  Dr. Mastores is wonderful.  Enthusiastic and caring. The staff is all great "I have been a patient of Central Phoenix Eye Care for more than 45 years and have always been satisfied with the level of care that I have received.  All of the optometrists affiliated with this facility that I have been examined by have been extremely professional in their field of expertise.  Recently  friendly Dr and staff.  They also have a eyeglass/ frames in house which is nice touch. Both my husband and I will continue our eye care with Dr Matores @the phx eye center." Dr. Mastores recommended new contact lenses that were less expensive and more comfortable than any I have used in the past.  I was very pleased!  with a great selection of kid and adult glasses. Dr. Usleman and Dr. Mastores are both enthusiastic and love what they do which carries over into the atmosphere in the office. They explained to us what was covered and what wasn't regarding our insurance and we didn't feel any pressure in having to purchase our eye glasses there Overall this place is great!"  but she was repeatedly apologizing yet didn't give us an estimate on time...there is really nothing to do around the complex....and had I known we would have waited over 90 minutes just to see the dr. I would have taken her to lunch or on a walk. Just disappointing that the communication isn't better when the Dr. is backed up." "I've been seeing Dr. Mastores  2 - 3 years and I am completely satisfied. I went to a few different eye doctors around the valley before I settled on her. She is friendly  need or are curious about. Now that is not something you will find everywhere!"  ROCK! This is definately my new eye care facility.  I highly recommend this office for any eye care needs." I've been going here for a number of years and have always very satisfied with the experience.  The staff and technicians are always friendly and professional and very good at their jobs. Dr. Mastores always takes the time to explain changes in my eyesight and answers any question that I have.  he made me feel comfortable knowing that fact. Really takes the time to help me understand and doesn't act like he's trying to run off to the next room." My first experience here. Was so busy. But the doctor was great and staff was friendly. Took me as a last minute client. Will be back.  efficient and take care of all insurance queries quickly. The back office staff are pleasantly conversant while taking care of all their duties in a way that is quick but thorough and Dr. Mastores who I saw is just an absolute peach. She is personable I saw Dr. Frank.  He is extremely knowledgeable...and friendly as well.  Staff is great! Everyone is very friendly and efficient.  I would recommend them highly.  caring doctors. Dr. Frank goes beyond thorough. Very impressed!" Dr. Mastores is wonderful. Highly recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care. A DAY LATE AND A DOLLAR SHORT."  the staff is very friendly and smart. I got right in for my exam and the tech quickly took me through all the various tests and was very friendly. I only waited about five minutes for the doctor to come complete my exam. Dr. Stephanie was very friendly and knowledgeable and very compassionate which I appreciate very much. This is a great Eye care facility and I will definitely come back and recommend to friends."  I didn't realize I would receive those forms online and downloaded the PDFs from their site to print and fill out. I also think there should be an option to book on the site (I didn't see anywhere) and download to your calendar. Those are minor things though!"  I see Dr Stephanie and she's great."  caring and understanding eye doctor I have ever been too!!! The staff was awesome and Dr Usleman was very compassionate to my eye issues and explained everything that was going on and how to fix it!!!" gztTQsgq6FJwIoV4P4RNIw Fantastic Doctors and Staff. I would not hesitate to recommend this office anyone. Dr. Stephanie M. Mastores is the best!  I decided on Central Phoenix based on the yelp reviews and I was so happy I did.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable I've used two different insurance plans at this facility Heather greeted me and took me back to a very clean and well laid out office and for some background on me. She was very helpful and personable and made me feel totally at ease. Dr. Usleman was VERY knowledgeable and informative and explained in great detail the differences between different contacts and why some were recommended over others. He listened to MY concerns and what I wanted the contacts for and made two great recommendations for me. I was shown how to put them in and take them out by another very sweet girl (I think her name was Amy) and left with TWO different trial contact options. I will try them out for a week or so and then go back for a follow up to decide which I want to go with. All in all a great experience !! I have already referred a friend !!" Over the years I have worked with many excellent eye care professionals but I have never worked with any whom I would recommend over Dr. Mastores and Central Phoenix Eye Care." "A walgreens with no liquor? What am I  has Milky Way Midnights and a good selection of tampons so its not like I am going to stop going here." "I pass by this walgreens on the way home so I stop in frequently. Always able to find what I need. Clean and organized  but by that time I got my photo elsewhere. Save yourself the trouble and just stick to getting snacks  and variety...especially at this location.  Cheaper meds just put them over the top !!!!" Store is clean and organized. Everyone is very nice and helpful. :) Pretty aloof pharmacy staff. They give conflicting information and seem fairly clueless. "This place has everything.  Even the old type double edge razors!  They also have the straight edge ones with disposable blades for $15 and $17.  I paid $79 for the same type of razor in San Francisco at one of those fancy stores that also sells tobacco.  The lady in the store was great too!  Very friendly and helpful. I have to say that she should be a model for shampoo.  I almost asked her for hair dye that would be her color!  Anyway  This place is like hair heaven on earth. Not only is there every sort of hair products but there is nail polish as well as nail instruments and accessories! Not only has this place been amazing but Renee is fabulous. She helped me out down to the color I was looking for and the perfect length and type of extensions for my hair. I truly feel blessed to have come across this place and to have met Renee. I will surely recommend her and this location to all friends and family!"  then style.  I saw a couple colors I liked in their packaging but she didn't want to even take them out so I could see them.  Instead. she showed me the style of the wig in an undesirable color.  I could not have been more annoyed.  If she needed help (although the store wasn't busy)  but the lack of compassion and service from the person helping me was just unacceptable.  There was no compassion and advise from the sales clerk.  I felt I was just an annoyance.  I ended up going to Arizona Wig Boutique in Scottsdale Renee is so nice she makes shopping for beauty products fun I always leave with everything I need to colar my hair and I also leave with a smile she is so funny she makes everyone in the store feel welcome  I give this store a 5 star because of the good times Ive had .  I love to listen and I learn  about all of the products    Renee know's everything about the products and it realy is entertaining to learn and listen to Renee with other customers even if im not buying that particular product she is just a fun kind person and I like to drop in and shop and say hi. The store is very nice really clean and organized with a great selection of product." I get all of my beauty products from this store. the manager is nice to me.  she is very knowledgeable and helpful. My friend and I were not only rushed most stores will go ahead and let you finish shopping and maybe say lock the door but we were rushed to be out of there right at 6 o'clock. We were in such a rush that when I got home I was wondering about the price that I paid looked at my receipt and I was charged twice for something then I call my friend and told her about it she looked at her receipt and was also charged twice. I don't know if this is a way to pocket the money or what was going on but it was funny that both of us were charged twice I really like shopping at this store.   the manager is so helpful.  The other day I was feeling blue and needed a make over.  She helped me pick out new makeup and helped me with hair color.  It was just what I needed. I  left feeling renewed and happy. I was looking for clip-in extensions to add a little length and fullness for my upcoming engagement photos. My hairstylist recommended I go here and I'm very happy I did! The manager color matched me with some great 100% remy human hair extensions that look identical to my hair color. I really appreciated her help as it's really difficult to try and match your own hair color when ordering online or just looking at packages of extensions in the store. She took the time to take a few different extensions out of their packages to hold up against my own hair to make sure we got the right color. They were also very reasonably priced too and can be worn time and time again and styled straight or curled. Very happy I went here instead of trying to pick something out myself that likely wouldn't have matched my hair color! "I went to United Beauty Supply to explore the option of using extensions for my extremely thin hair. Rene helped me choose the right product and spent a great deal of time teaching me how to customize and attach them. She was informative  I rented an Eleit chipper from American Equipment Rentals(AER). I had never used a chipper and was impressed with the helpful personnel at AER.They walked me through the operation of the machine and even had me bring in some of the shrub that I would be chipping I went here with my grandfather when I was a little kid so we could snake our drains. But I needed to grade my uncles front yard with over 30 tons of dirt and a few other things so I called and try said it would be around $225 for the small or medium skid steer and I got there and billy was great and talked me threw all the procedures and told us to get 2 different buckets (one for moving dirt the other for dragging the high spots down) it was very simple and there machines run great and I will continue to rent from here till they decide to close as I hope that's never and I will always give them a call when I need something for my construction business "out of business on april 30 GJIl37k1Kitq5r43eUZ1Kw  I went back to return the unopened bags and was told I couldn't because I didn't have a receipt. I explained the situation to the manager at the store and customer service online and nobody seemed to give a $%&*. I can't believe Oreck lost a customer over $16." "This is the first time I've had a bad experience at an Oreck store. My 6 year old sweeper suddenly began spewing dirt out. The bag wasn't close to full yet and it didnt appear anything was stuck. The sales associate without opening it up began to insist I needed a new roller brush for $40. When I showed him it looked fine to me and wouldn't that be covered by warranty If you are going to get an Oreck This location on Camelback is CLOSED. Called the number listed here and guy told me closing time but failed to say the number belongs to their Scottsdale and Shea store... quite a drive.  and they have really great frames! I always enjoy getting fitted for frames by Corina who is a lovely person. She gives great advice that you can trust if you are choosing between a few pairs. I always recommend Optical Expressions to my friends. Their frames and selection are great I couldn't be happier with this place. It's easy for a Dr in this field to make their money off people "These guys are beyond awesome. I was in Scottsdale/Phoenix from Mpls for the Rock and Roll 1/2. I ripped my contact and had no spare lenses. Upon contacting Optical Expressions they said to just fax my scrip and theyd help. Help they did and at NO COST. Plus they validated my parking. Service like this is sometimes lost in the 21 century They had a very nice selection of designer frames and even current season sunglasses. They told me they do the individual buying for the office- they know what fits faces well." I for one will not be a patron of a place that keeps so much hidden from their customers ever again.  Even if you have money to throw away The staff was friendly and accommodating. They got me in for an eye injury within the hour despite my not being a current patient. Dr. Wilken was knowledgable and helpful. Would definitely recommend to others! It's totally unfortunate Dr Wilken and Dr Ryan are awesome but their receptionists could use a little support in customer service and training." I believe that I got a good exam from the Dr.  I believe that he can charge whatever he wants for his services. This bad experience could have been avoided if these two women were not so busy fleecing me. Or at least TRYING to."  then a dude showed up. I waited almost 1/2 hr before being seen and i was first! The dude that got there after me got right in and out! I didn't like that. Aside from that the lady doc was great and they have a candy bowl:)"  which was scheduled for 9:30 am. How do you get that behind after being open for half an hour? Don't come here unless you have plenty of time and a good book!"  my sister asked if they carried Prada and another woman sitting at the desk waved her hand at us as if she was shooing us away from the counter and said we have whatever is out. I asked if she could order a particular style as we had a style number with us and she said in a very annoyed tone ""I'm busy and I'll let you know when I'm free"". Did I mention we were the only customers in the store? We were both shocked at her tone and lack of care/customer service and decided to take our business elsewhere. I wouldn't recommend this business." "I used to go to Optical Expressions in Scottsdale but this location is more conveniently located for me. I am giving a 5 star mostly because of Tracy. She works in the front and helps you pick your lenses or contacts The less expensive ones that worked the First Time were not designer.  But They Worked The First Time.  I will not be doing business with this company again with the exception of having them spend another few months to repair their latest mistake.  Over priced  bamboo vases with baby's breath...if only I could replace my bedroom's Charlie's Angels motif for all this. But we were here for big sis. In those 25 plus years....Pier 1 hasn't changed that much. And that's cool. I just think they've gotten a little big for their britches and the prices are too high and don't match the quality of the product. A balsa wood nightstand? Hmmmm...not gonna work. But those cute little plates with the palm trees. Nice touch. And do you think you could jam anymore into this space? Word of caution to future Pier 1 shoppers: limit your pre Pier 1shopping cocktails to only two. Otherwise you just bump into stuff. And break a lamp. Or something. So I heard." This particular location of Pier 1 has a really friendly and helpful staff. When I went a little overboard (spent too much) on a recent trip and brought about half of the stuff back to return  International Massage Practitioner" Be sure and see Chris or Tanner!  They know their stuff."  but has good sales  including clearance.  I've found reasonably priced decorator pillows in colors I can't find elsewhere.  It's also a good place for unique dinnerware; I found some killer retro dinner plates bowls and small plates.  Staff runs from helpful to pushy at times."  goes to grab the toilet paper and literally slices the tip of her finger off! The manager and sales associates showed little to no concern. This incident required immediate emergency services! Not happy at all with this location!" pbnkhsw2kw60Qk9_Ms5WUA  but the labeling of which products are on which aisle leaves much to be desired. The past couple of times I've stopped in here it's seemed a bit difficult to find what I was looking for. It's a good place to stop when I need something for grad school in a hurry and can't wait for an order placed via Amazon to arrive."  appeared that she hasn't showered in a few days." Great Service!!!  I needed some items printed for a baby shower so I emailed a pdf file to them.  When I arrived with my card stock they had my email opened and promptly printed the items while I shopped in the store for a few more things.  Printing was perfect and fast.  The customer service clerk Tina was so gracious on the phone and in person.  Thank You for making this very easy for me. The guys are very expressive and did not find that professional." "Average location. Staff is OK but nothing to brag on. They usually don't speak to you unless you speak to them first which is kind of a turn off customer service wise. Again Whatever you do don't call this store. I was placed on hold three times before getting the information I was looking for! 10 minutes I will never get back.  you can buy anything you need in this store online for a 1/3 of the price if you can wait for it. Or go to walmart for about 1/2 the price. Never will go back here again." I will never stop in here again." "Sooooo......disappointed in staples.  I bought a $183 laserjet ink cartridge in April 2015 as a back up for our printer. Office team member opened it up today to replace the old one and realized it was the wrong one. My mistake I purchased the wrong #. So I called staples and the rude person Zach answered Excellent choice to shop. I bought some Keurig coffee for $2.50 on the clearance rack. Thank you. Very helpful staff. Worst customer service ever. Consistently. Guy behind the print counter  sends people to self serve machine instead of doing his job. Never busy but always slow as can be.  I arrived to pick up 2 color copies of the document. Everything went smoothly and the clerk was nice enough. I have no complaints." Office Max isn't a great alternative. Many of their employees seem to be doing nothing more than marking time off a clock though there is a really great guy at the location at the Scottsdale Promenade." To help you compare: I've walked into office max and printed 20 pages of paper in a matter of minutes with the total cost being no more than $4.00." I love Cost Plus. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is it tends to be a little expesive and this definitely stands for the furniture. I love the food section though! They have decent posters too...  and a large selection of beers and wines. I never get what I came for and leave because there's always a great deal or item you don't think you can live without."  give yourself some time and walk down each aisle.  It can be amazing the things you find hidden in the shelves that you might have missed if you just scanned down from the end.  And wear comfortable shoes - you might be there awhile."  there's a place that earned my repeat business!" Why not add some global influences to your decorating style?"  the little trial sizes of random gourmet foods (a mini bottle of aged balsamic? so cute!) and one of my favorite wines was discovered here first. Norton's Malbec. It's $8 and fabulous. They also have a ""reserva"" for like $14 but the cheaper one is a better ""bang for your buck.""" "DAMN YOU COST PLUS. DAMN YOU! Why oh why did we stop by after a Ticoz happy hour? Do you realize how vulnerable I am after two pineapple mojitos? Do you realize what I can do with two empty shopping carts  is the parking arrangement and it is not easy to get into its' parking lot.... I think the prices here ae better than Pier One....By far!" I call the style of this store ""funky urban"".  I prefer it over Pier 1."  I prefer it to Pier 1 or other stores like it."  they also have an *amazing* candy selection! If you are a fan of imported candy Found a ton of things for stocking stuffs...  I am coming back soon to get some xmas shopping done."  and more bar glasses then I need. My Bf hated me when i came home with a world market bag. Then I would pull out a a beer sampler for him and a bottle of wine for me "If you been to one anywhere in the USA you have seen all the WorldMarket Stores. I have been to them from Santa Fe to Seattle to Phoenix and many  suburbs in between. It's all the same! Over priced merchadise & art that is mass produced supposedly in other parts of the world. Groceries/beer/ wine once difficult to locate. Now its rather mondane and lacking a thrill. Narrow oddly arranged rows where you are bond to knock something over. Still people come and buy  but I rarely find anything to buy."  they have a huge variety of everything you might want to decroate your home with or eat off of.  Thank you Cost Plus and the fantastic employees." They carry a lot of stuff from around the world which is awesome lot's of foods and collectables.  They have all sorts of interior decorative products If you try just these 3 things you will glimpse nirvana!" Did I mention that I love this store?"  courtesy of this guy who acts like a 12 year old."  love this place! If I had lots of money to spend I would have my whole house done in world market products! All their products are so unique! The layout is very nice and the people are super friendly and helpful! I just have to say it once more I love this place and could spend hours here." It really is a World Market and you won't leave without buying a lot more than you anticipated." Looking for some eclectic lamps? Interesting wines? Fun throw pillows? Glasses? Snacks? Go to ""The Happy Place""!!!!" My only gripe would be that when they send out a 50% off one item coupon...they should at least have something in their store that is not on sale so I could use the damn thing!  The coupons are for regular priced items and EVERYTHING was on sale!  Bummer." This location can be hard to get in and out of the parking lot.  Employees are friendly and helpful.  Love it that they let me come back for a credit when I forgot my birthday coupon.  you're going to go in with a list and walk out with everything you were looking for and then some. If you ever get the chance This happened in the beginning of the year. There was a small couch on clearance. I liked the size and color and it was comfortable to sit on. I noticed there was no sales tag. There was a sign that said clearance . I asked the sales person how much it would be for this small couch. I ended up waiting forever to have my question answered. About 45 min or so. She finally comes out and tells me what the price was. It' was a reasonable price. Then I noticed there was a black stain on the seat of the couch. It's pretty noticeable when sitting on the couch.  I pointed it out and said to the sales person what I had found. No comment coming from her. She just stares at it. I asked the sales person if there is another couch for sale or not for sale. There was none left in that style that I liked. I was surprised that they would have a dirty stained couch on their floor. I left and went else where. I hope they change managers there. That place has changed. It use to be a fun place to go to with good sale people. Now they seem to be so disorganized and sloppy in their work.  and chocolates at decent prices. Also a good place to go if you need to find a gift for someone but you're not sure what to get."  very unique! It's definitely one of my favorite stores! Sales & coupons are always a bonus!"  The staff at this location is always helpful and gracious. If you need a price look up they have pricing guns at the ready to scan items for you. The clearance section always gets me since those treasures are deeply discounted but you have to get there when the fresh stuff is put out or it's slim pickings. This location is right off of  HWY 51 so getting off at Highland while going North and driving through the little Mall area is my short cut to get here. I love World Market because you can spend all day here and never see everything; but you always find just what you need." What a snooty store. I was followed around the whole time and asked if I was ready to ring up when I wasn't even at a register. Didn't have the bag of violet crumble that I was looking for. No need to come back. u8bQvtkVa5lW-SNwRLH6Vg They greet me when I arrive and the manager is very nice; always looking out for the customer."  and well stocked.  The staff is friendly and acomadating and you can always find various sales. If you have never been to Cost Plus Market With great customer service (they've offered to call me and hold a minor $6 grocery item) "This is a swell spot.  I love to go through here and look at the various things! I love the ethnic items and the housewares that they have.  For a little bit you can get a nice look for a dinner party or gift.  I really like the various food items that are from other areas of the US and globe.  A lot of fun just to go through the aisles and see things that you may have remembered from your grandparents or childhood. Many nostalgic feelings on many items.  I really love the assorted bowls  and they back it with great products and a great wine selection.  You won't find a $100 bottle here I really enjoy all the options that the store provides Too bad because I love this store." The jewelry is constantly updated with new and beautiful items Some drawbacks to this location are not being as clean as Walgreens is known for Pharmacy: They only have 1 person staffing this location. Takes more than 30 minutes to fill a Rx. Very friendly cashiers. I love it when you go somewhere and you can tell employees love their job.  I experienced 2 very pleasant customer service representatives and my cashier was eager to encourage the sale special. Coupons are such a fun bonus!  I prefer CVS and the customer service is precisely why.  I just was hassled and told I was unable to my returns as it was too many in one day.  After a total of $18 in returns the manager  I wait a couple of hours for a prescription to be filled.  They are as slow as molasses at this location and I don't understand it.  I use the one on 7th st and McDowell and never run into this.  I keep on forgetting that my kids home pharmacy is this one and I need to change that quickly.  I definitely will be using the another walgreens or CVS." Seemed good enough.  A bit messy as kids had been in toy aisle and left toys strewn about on the floor.  Had to wait for clerk to get $7 headphones out from locked display. My generic aloe Vera cost more than that. Guess headphones voted  most likely to be stolen.  and just gave her a few basic guidelines.  My cut turned out amazing!  I now have this punky choppy awesome cut I love Ulta for my hair products. I hate Ulta for suckering me in to buying too much stuff ! I already prebooked another appt with Kristina I suppose I recommend this for someone who is visiting to purchase hair products  no matter how big the line.  The rest of the staff is coagulated by this counter in between the make-up and hair salon.  I have no idea what purpose that counter serves because they're all clustered around it "I really like this store and have been going here for as long as they have been open. 18 or 19 years. It is always exciting to be rewarded for the products you buy. The more you spend the better prizes they have. They really have a very  good reward program. I love the gifts they give with the fragrance purchases @ different times of the year. They put out great coupons all the time which always helps with a purchase. I have tired the salon a few times in the past but  I do appreciate being acknowledged and I am even more a fan of having my questions answered in the event that I do need some assistance. This is not the case at this location. The salesgirls seem unfriendly and completely uninterested in helping/recommending/selling. I honestly wonder if being as unhelpful as possible is part of their job description. If it is BHFBi9eEQqzh8QaUYyngjQ I ordered a couple things from Ulta.com and had them delivered home over the holidays...may have to start doing that more often."  I followed her. I have been a loyal client for over 5 years because she is really good at what she does! If you're a first time customer there are usually coupons in the Ulta fliers." "It is like the normal Ulta store.  The parking kind of sucks.  I did find everything I was looking for but the check out line is narrow and if there are more than 4 people then you are lined up against product and blocking other customers.  The employees are so involved in their own conversions Another thing that isn't the greatest here is the parking. The whole lot facing Camelback Road is a total cluster. I started parking on the other side I know cosmetics and I know customer service.  Both have seen better days." "I didn't get ANY service at the Indian Bend store. And I do have to complain that in the past the totally fake ""Welcome to Ulta!"" got on my nerves. Wasn't comfortable in Tempe Marketplace store either. Made a trip to the Camelback store. Only waited a minute for ROCHELLE to help me. Awesome! Personable The stuff is overpriced. You can get the drugstore brands of makeup for way cheaper anywhere else. The coupon thing is a joke. The points are a waste. Spend hundreds of dollars for a free hair brush?! Are you kidding?!"  unfortunately I wasn't familiar with most of them so I can't judge how their pricing runs. I don't know if the fancy French stuff I purchased is truly high quality or just fancy." "Needed help since I never wear make up but want to look nice for a special event.  Nivre walked my through everything I needed  are great with their knowledge and are more than helpful in getting in what you need.  I had a reward points thing and I kept going back to the same lady three times in one visit.  She was very nice and helped me find what I was looking for."  I hope not to have to for awhile.  Lesson learned: do not put a toiletry bag with everything you own in your suitcase and check it through with your checked baggage Needless to say I'll be taking my money to another store. Probably the last time I'll shop  here." "Terrible service by the sales staff on the floor of the store. I was in a discussion over a item that I was buying for my wife and the sales person allowed a young lady with no apparent manners to interrupt and ask a question that went on to a conversation as if I was no longer there. I could  allow a quick question We'll it's close to my house and all and they do have products but it is the worst in customer service I think I just might start going to sephora down the road but I been here plenty of times and the ladies don't bother asking if you need help or anything . I walked around the store for a good 45 min the store is a bit unorganized --they seem to only help out older ladies 50s and higher but most of them will just be chatting with other employees . They need to do their job and work other than that it's in a great location .  the parking here sucks.  Protip: I suggest you park over by Fry's on the other side of the block.  Otherwise use the Ulta in Chandler for better parking."  I didn't know I could look so good. They didn't just put on the make up but explained to me how and why they did everything. I walked out of that Ulta a new woman feeling beautiful and everyone at my graduation was so surprised how good I looked. I am forever grateful and it was even expensive :)"   the shampoo and conditioner work perfect for the desert climate here.  They have a number of colognes for men also bit you can find better pricing else where.  They also have a rewards program based on spending.  Store is clean."  they called to say they double booked and I would have to come in earlier or way later. I understand things happen   price is eh just depends on what you're buying.  I get great customer service and that is super important to me." Finally I decided to wait by the counter in the middle because it seemed like the most likely place to be clear that I was not just browsing. During my wait there though The only reason I'm giving this 3 stars is because Rose is great! My brows always look amazing when she's done with them and she's super easy to talk to! I also leave without zero irritation which is important because my skin is SUPER sensitive. If I was only reviewing Rose this would be a 5 star rating. Maybe she should give the other employees lessons on how to wax!"  the shelves were full of gross samples swabs and wipes. There's no excuse for finding a used cotton ball full of foundation next to a bunch of lip balm. It was gross. I don't know if they forgot to clean up the night before... or the whole week before... but I was not impressed. It's not their fault the shoppers don't know how to use trash cans Went back one week later. Still filthy. Only one cashier handling a long line of people waiting to check out. Get it together Ulta. I'd rather drive to Sephora to get my overpriced shampoo. I just wish some people were more aware or what they were doing especially in a professional setting"  I've written this whole review while waiting in line. Again. I wonder how much cumulative time I've spent waiting in line at the Camelback Ulta? These are the thoughts I entertain myself with." "Would give -0 if allowed. BENITA in the hair salon is the worst at her job. Botched my daughters hair. Was to be hombre styles literally looked as if she put a hat on her colored it in the dark with two left hands. Horrible job. Will never return. Highly unlikely she even has her cosmetology license. Will be checking on that. Won't be compensated. However they offered to ""fix"" it at a later date. WTF. If she couldn't get it right the first time she won't get it right the second time. NOT HAPPY. stay away from this place." There is one makeup artist who is African American who only caters to African American clients  using color or bleach since my hair is dark dark brown and never had a problem. It took her a little over two hours to apply the color to my hair. That sounds like an embellishment but sadly I am rounding down. After what seemed like an eternity I was led to the back so I could sit in the chair with the heat lamps. She had someone else come in while I was in the chair and I wasn't rinsed until she had finished with the other client. Then I got a blowout if you can even call it that "I always shop at ulta and love to go down every isle making sure I don't miss anything. I rarely come to this location and I probably won't return. One associate followed me around the whole store every time turned a corner I saw her lurking and watching me I'm happy that I went to Ulta and met Jinny.  I'll go back to see her again~ next time for a cut.  I'm thrilled that Jinny did what Primp & Blow could not  oblivious to someone needing help.  I went in search of someone else and found a very sweet woman who worked in Clarisonic.  She said she would try and help me.  She went to the front desk and asked if there was back stock for the eyeliner.  The person there told her to check a drawer on the back wall.  Half of the drawers were not labelled.  She looked in several but couldn't find any Urban Decay products at all.  The one cosmetics employee stocking the shelves asked her what she was looking for but then turned away and offered no help.  There was another blonde cosmetics employee wandering around trying to find customers to try out samples on.  She did not offer her help either.  The original employee who was trying hard to help me  as well as a nice makeup reapplication after the skincare product consultation. It was all free as well (spent a lot of bucks on two products she used). Too bad there wasn't a sink cause she had to keep spraying water on a Kleenex when I could wash it off at a sink myself lol. Kudos to this kind of service!"  especially for the quality of service. The hairdressers are nice and friendly. They're skills seem to be a little outdated or sub par. One quoted a dry haircut for my daughter at $90!!! Seriously?!? We cancelled the appointment. I guess they set their own prices. We love the Ulta brand makeup and the prices are very reasonable."  they are constantly out of stock! Always the same products. (Who is ordering for them??) I may just start going to Sephora and paying more."  but don't expect them to go out of their way except the bare minimum."  but its where it is always parted so that's all that matters. She spends 10 minutes tops cutting my hair. I have very thick hair and it is very hard to cut. After she dried my hair I couldn't tell the difference. It was just as dark as before and mentioned this. She became very upset and said its 100x lighter its going to take many sessions. I had her re trim several areas that looked very uneven. And I pointed out that you could still see a line where my roots were. She said well come back next week and for $50 we will just put a bunch more highlights in. Umm no. I just spent $250 for this  however. So if you're used to a location that has one With the media so much glorifying beauty I found it hard that this beauty salon had horrible service" Went today and ended up waiting 15 minutes to get rung up while the (manager? assistant manager?) behind the checkout counter LAUGHED about how their registers weren't working.  Come on  but this relatively young brownhaired woman was like a bad joke. I won't be returning again  but I have been into this location many times and always had excellent help.  The only reason I am give 4 stars instead of 5 is because the store is so tiny and cramped it can be really hard to find anything ""For. Eveeer""(Sandlot voice) :-)"  maybe it wouldn't hurt to call." Well played customer service "Tried to use a BOGO coupon and they ""didn't know how to do it""........ Manager couldn't help either. The girls working there are less than stellar to be there and it shows. I think I have yet to find a decent sally's beauty in phoenix." Perfect for both men and women. You can find hair appliances If you need any beauty supplies but dread going to Sally's most of the time This location has loads of fake hair and tons of dye."  and just stand at the register all awkwardly so I'm not even sure if I can walk up and check out because like I said h-Ospc-uiMH8TLquTeAr3A PS. They have a frequent buyers bonus program to help give you discounts for buying there over time..."  I was prepared to sit and wait as long as it took in order to get my medication at the price I was supposed to be charged.  I ended up spending over an hour in the CVS this time until they finally figured out they were wrong.  I ended up leaving that day with my medication which I paid the amount expected from the beginning and left with a smile on my face and at no time was rude to the ""less than educated"" workers behind the counter because while I waited for them to fix their mix up  I finally tell the pharmacist to call me as I had an appointment to go to.  Then I get a call its ready 30 minutes later.  Really 45 minutes for 12 needles and syringes?  The staff was not friendly  and the time and energy it has taken to deal with this one prescription has been very wearing. Fortunately this is not a life-saving medication  but TSA prevents you from carrying containers larger than 3 oz. and aerosal cans in your carry-on bag. Fortunately there seems to be a CVS in every city I go." So slow. One cashier and 5 customers!!!!!  cliff notes version / African pharmacist who's name I missed refused to fill script after telling me day before all I needed was my doctor to call in  and panhandlers are a near-constant presence by the entrance." This CVS is open 24 hours a day. The pharmacy is quick in getting your prescription ready within 15 minutes. I only use this when my hospital's pharmacy is closed on the weekends. "Open 24 hours - only thing that rates a star; pharmacists lack customer service Worst pharmacy service ever! Messed up my prescription several times this year already.  and they told me to look elsewhere.  Can you imagine having a pharmacy that does not stock/cannot get the medication you need?  I am sick to death of CVS...good f%^&*#@ bye!!!!"  most of which is less expensive than Total Wine across the parking lot. The cashiers can be slow but they are usually nice. The problem with this CVS is the pharmacy. They are a little clueless and some techs are just rude. About a month ago I filled a script there and they said it would take an hour. I needed this script ASAP so I killed time in the area. An hour later it wasn't ready. I'd say I waited a little over two hours for this medicine and then when it was finally ready the pharmacist wanted to 'go over it with me' even though I had taken it before. Yeah right.  He told me I need to get off this med ASAP because it is probably one of the worst ones out there. Excuse me? Are you my doctor? No. MInd your own business. Your only job here is to fill my script and tell me how to properly take it  remember that if it's okay for the employees to shop the sales for themselves here--then it might be happening all over the place. And if they can put one item behind the counter for themselves  annoying experience. I won't be using this CVS Pharmacy again (unless Got a cough or a cold. Sniffles taking the best of you. This CVS location is more than your typical drug store. A drive thru pharmacy is located in the back. Along with a healthcare clinic to help you when in need. Stressful day at the job or need some pick me up there is a small liquor isle. Don't forget to pull out your CVS card to save more.  I've had much better customer service at the pharmacies in Costco and Safeway...and CVS stores in the east valley."  but my name appeared on their kiosk. They said they sent a text and never got it- then the doctor shrugged an claimed Shen wasn't responsible. Incredibly rude and inconsiderate." Constantly making mistakes.  They filled my prescription with the wrong dose.  I didn't notice until I took it and felt funny.  I ended up in the ED with low blood pressure.  When j contacted them all they said was that they would give me the correct medication free.  When I wanted to file a formal written complaint I was told I would need to contact the corporate office.  This goes beyond that service but will be potential be fatal.  but I didn't choose it for these folks. They chose this for themselves.  So "The pharmacy gave me someone else's prescription. They're lucky I opened the bottle and recognized the pills didn't look right before I took the medication and ended up in the ER. I now have some random guy's address My recommendation for Julie is to at least draw her eyebrows on more friendly so that at least people who see her that don't have to deal with her might think she likes her job." Thank you... After a major FAIL with the incompetent Walgreens staff CVS really came through for my family. You said my prescription would be ready in 20 minutes and it was!  I appreciate that you are open 24/7! As pharmacies go this place is ok. The location though convenient is very congested and the pharmacists are incredibly busy. Long waits for prescriptions. The minute clinic and nurse practitioner are great and I would return there. The parking lot is so congested that it's actually dangerous. Be careful!! Super friendly cashier and opens late! Plus in my book!"  and had a horrid attitude. Her name was Michelle. Management should be aware of how neighborhood frequent cvs goer's are  being treated. I'll stick with the drive-thru from now on." Not much to say besides it is frightening how incompetent the staff actually are here.  better than other pharmacies in the area. Good Service is definitely a plus."  I don't think I'll shop anywhere but online again for my phone needs. The human factor made the shopping icky." Oh brother what a bummer." Something good is going on at that shop and based on my experience (a) I highly recommend them; and (b) I'm sticking with Verizon!"  I can't quite think of something that rolls off my tongue but Bob was the man who worked and worked on my phone and got all my pictures back. He saved my life  he was nice and I got the phone and plan i wanted....but only because I had researched it myself.  Don't expect them to know what they're talking about  saying they've had problems with him before. My question was: WHY THE HELL DOES HE STILL WORK THERE?!?! He asked what he could do to make us happy and I asked for the regional manager's phone number. He provided the regional manager's cellular number This location of Verizon gave me the customer service experience equivalent  of a car wreck.  people dont get my texts or they get a couple words from it AND i cant use my apps Most inefficient place I've been at.  Told it would be 30min and turned out to be an hour.  All I needed to do was replace a carrier clip.  Everyone was pissed off in the store.  You can't get simple service without waiting.  The only positive was the guy who checked us in finally got a clue and got me a new clip before my name was called.  The want personalized service but there only getting pissed off customers once they start to help them out.  Oh yea employees there park in the prime parking in front of the store.  I noticed this while we were waiting.   If you have a lot of spare time on your hands then this is the place for u. I will never go back to this store. they are LUCKY to get even this 1 star ...if possible i would of given them -5.....EXTREMELY RUDE....I will never walk into this location again.....AVOID at all costs this location!!!!  handed him my credit card and was told I needed a different card because the card I gave him (with my matched ID) didn't match the address on the account. I told him that the account is in somebody else's name and I could give him my proper billing information. He told me ""No  drive the 6 miles to the other one on 44th and Thomas where they actually will help you."  after a week my phone stopped working properly. i went back to the store and after explaining to the employee how the phone suddently broke they agreed to exchange it. they recovered my contacts and were respectful. so 4 stars for this store with great customer service"  Enough time for me to explain the differences between phones to my friend. We looked around and still no help. So we left I looked at one group of associates and said thanks for your help in deciding what store not to come back to. She just smiled and said have a nice day!" Love this store! Corbin (the tall one) is awesome! They're very helpful and i didnt wait long at all!  but not today. 10 minute or less wait. 10 minutes or less to set up new account activate phone for which I am most grateful. While I have ulterior motives for activating this phone for only one month maximum Lots of parking outside If you are young and hot Miguel will move you to the front of line maybe even skip you a few more times just because he doesn't like the way you look.  I ended my service after 12 years of being a loyal customer.   This was not the only reason!  Just where I finally realized Verizon really does not appreciate its customers.  Verizon. Keep it classy." Verizon is going to have to do a lot of butt kissing to keep me with them when the 2 years is up."  and asked me to leave immediately because I had my dog with me. I had brought the dog with me before. They said it was company policy  but I am here all the time and have never had a good experience. They over sell me ubreakwefix down the way helped me with my Android power connection "Really really poor customer service. I will never go back in to a verizon store. All of my changes and purchases will be done with the amazing people working online and on the phones. Walked out with a new iPhone6 and my sales rep ""set it up"" for me without my concent. C'mon man at least give me the courtesy of telling me that I needed to go home connect to wireless and upload my &@$ from the cloud. Had to reset whole phone to pull all my info in. Thank you Verizon sales associate for wasting my time. ""All set"" please!!!!!  Never never again.   Boo!!!!!" Service is solely based on what they are able to sell you on commission." Having been a customer for this long I've never encountered someone who made me feel uncomfortable and like an idiot. Wonder if Sprint would do the same. Might have to check then out this weekend." Added bonus if you've read this far -At the risk of being in hot water with my wife I :/ decided to buy a Bluetooth Bose system from him because I know that helps their stats somehow(...and I really needed an excuse to buy one)."  the store closed at 7:00pm and I got there at 7:02 and was met at the door and told sorry we are closed. Not wanting to hear what was wrong or anything. I tried to tell the guy that I just drove from the other side of town and he didn't want to hear it and didn't care. ""Sorry we are closed I felt extremely happy with my purchase/upgrade. I  worked with Charlie Gomez. He greeted me immediately and helped me right away.   Although I knew what phone I wanted Charlie really took the time with me; he saw my current plan and changed it for the better keeping it at the same price. He was very knowledgeable on prices and was able to really explain to me what kind of charges I would be seeing on my next bill.  He also took the time to help me sync all my information to my new phone which took MUCH longer than expected. In that time Charlie was super patient with how long that was taking (I was in the store 15mins after close.) During this time he explained the benefit of trading In my old phone for a tablet which I ended up taking one home! I felt extremely comfortable and confident in every decision I made. Charlie even took time to really build the relationship with me as the customer asking questions about me and not making it seem like I was just another transaction. Really pleased with my experience with Charlie and Verizon.  He's a great asset to the team!! "These idiots don't know one bit about what they are talking about. Probably one of the worse stores in North Phoenix. Can we get some technology literate people here please? Never coming to this store again  so I declined and got a refund for the phone and taking my business to another company. I dont' give them no stars because its not possible" Very helpful came in to close my account with a a sleeping toddler in my arms.  My name was taken at the door I was invited to sit down. Once my name was up there play came and sat next to me and helped me accomplish everything I need it without even having to stand. It was great and very much appreciated. "I will put a fife star service because of mine previous experience with this store. Today I was trying to call for about 1 hour and still could not connect with the store. Finally decide to drive down there and I am here with a 40min waiting period. Probably weekend is the worst day to come to the store. I will suggest for the managers to have more workers on the weekend so the line is not so big on waiting. The service is excellent and all the guys and girls are professional and they know what they do. Because off all the service a reserved I will wait I to get served  "The customer service at this location is extremely lacking. There were many employees available in the store doing nothing however i still had to wait about an hour to get seen. The managers on shift Great service!!! I went into this store to upgrade my phone in the process went very smooth. Every time I'm in I am treated with respect and courtesy. I will come back! The personnel at this company have the authority to promise one thing and deliver another  put the glass on then slipped my phone in the case. He even asked for my account to look up if it was registered that I was military 'cause I get 25% off! I never knew this. My account was registered as a military account so I got the discount. Think I spent at most 10 minutes here. That's solid service. Thanks Heath." Lena Solutions manager - service with an attitude after 40 mins wait.... just awful avoid and use another store I love this store. I've always revived the best customer service here. Toni Monley is on of the best employees Version has. xkjlpiri9yY2diY9oJVQ3A  great stuff.  Love the mango lotion and the regular hand cream." Had Megan and she explained everything while she gave me a facial. I bought some face wash and cologne because I smelt like Brad Pitt! Loved this store.  The sales lady was so informative but she leaves you alone to browse.  Love their shea butter line.  :)  with great knowledge about products. Stop by here These guys are the Pawn Stars of AZ and they should have their own show!" Excellent company to do business with.  They are friendly and honest.  I have been doing business with them for 12 years now and they have always done right by me. This place overall is a great place to Not only sell gold n silver but to bring in rare collectable items.  Both selling and buying is important to them.  Have a good day everyone." _yPLHvbeRcFazrUusCNHKA  amazing! Incredibly affordable. All the shadow boxes at the craft and hobby stores were $10+" I'll make this review short and sweet. These guys are straight shooters...they are up front and honest. Very knowledgeable staff. I come here once in awhile to sell gold and silver and they always offer me more than any pawn shop. I appreciate these guys honesty and business ethics and I wish other businesses would take notes from them.The shop is located in the heart of Phoenix in a good neighborhood. Lots of cool stuff to see inside! Drop in and take a look sometime! 99% of the other coin shops are closed." _yPLHvbeRcFazrUusCNHKA Stating that the staff here know their trade is an understatement. The men at C and C met me the minute I walked in and were quick to answer all my questions. They were very honest about the value of my coin and even spent time to explain coin values to me. I will remember this business and refer friends.  and with a hope to one day become an eligible client.  Wow... what a place."  they have shown amazing quality and care with repairing it.  The reason we didn't get our bands from here was because we were in a money pinch from paying for our wedding which is why we decided to go with another jeweler (BIG MISTAKE)  After the horrible situation we had with the jeweler down the road (look at my other reviews and you'll understand) "This jeweler was voted best of the valley!? I really do not see why. The salespeople are pushy and the selection caters to ""grandma"""  Carolina was my sales person and she listened to what I was looking for and helped me find that perfect gift. This isn't a place to window shop so I suggest you come in with money to spend because nothing is Cheap here since everything is hand crafted in-house." They are moderate to pricey but they can provide you with nice things in the area of tropical plants that you might not find so easily elsewhere." I consider this store to be a Central Phoenix staple. They offer a beautiful selection of greenery and accessories in a casual setting "What the hell is this place? They can't possibly hold down that lease selling only pots (boring/average ones~oh but you can pick your color from a swatch). THEY DON'T HAVE ANY PLANTS FOR SALE! I foolishly went in there looking for a bonsai tree. NO I'm still with them for another couple years (I keep needing new phones!) and wouldn't change providers for anything right now." cannot wait 'till that 2 year contract is up!"  Meh.  I've experienced better." "Came here to buy the lady something sparkly for her finger and was greeted promptly.  The folks behind the counter were super helpful when I needed them  I've been on yelp since 2009 and never written a review; Well here it goes: If yelp had a negative star rating it would be a negative 10!!!  I bought my husbands ""platinum""  wedding band here last April and found out today that they gave me a 14k white gold band; Thank god for Molinas and their honesty. The story doesn't stop here  we went to Molina's this afternoon and purchased our new beautiful and symmetrical wedding bands.  Their service and quality were amazing and comforting.  I wish we would have purchased our bands here from the beginning (lesson learned). By the way Questionable business practice  Danny and Rene for several years-since they were located at Town and Country Mall.  I followed them to their current location-just across Camelback.  I have two lovely pieces of custom jewelry -Danny and Rene  and James designed for me.  These pieces are gorgeous and absolutely irreplacable to me.  There have been times they have gone above and beyond good customer service to meet my needs and requests. I go to them for any and all jewelry purchases and repairs.  I trust them and would not think of going anywhere else.  Diane H"  and he took the bracelet apart and reconstructed it with a different chain I had from a broken necklace and it looks beautiful now! Love them here." I will definitely be back and would highly recommend them to all my friends.  I had mentioned that I had a jeweler that I loved and trusted in CA before we moved here to AZ seven years ago  knowledgeable and walked me through how he got to his calculation so I left feeling really comfortable with the appraisal. I'll definitely go back to them next time I'm in the market for some jewels :)" Go check it out.  And buy a little something for yourself."  Alas for me the merchandise is geared toward folks who have yet to develop a personal style. Very generic in design for the most part. So this might be why it is so serene i won't be returning." I love this place. They have such nice stuff. I like to just go and look at everything they have. Since I cant afford most of it. "The customer service at this Pottery Barn is above and beyond the rest. I recently got married and we were registered at Pottery Barn which meant we frequented Pottery Barn often. The staff has always been nothing but friendly and extremely helpful. I find that it's much easier going into the store with questions instead of calling the 1-800 number and I have yet to be unsatisfied with this location. The sales associate I am tackling the daunting task of furnishing a new home and Liz and Ashley at the Camelback Store have both been very helpful in helping me make decisions. The best customer service. Highly Recommend this store." One of my favorite decor stores. The store has such a great atmosphere and love going around holidays to get decorating ideas. Staff is always very helpful. They have great classes that they offer and if you attend you get 10% off that day. They also offer free in home design consultations if you need ideas and help with your home. The prices were very reasonable" I had a great experience today Greg the sales associate was amazing very helpful and extremely courteous. He went above and beyond what I had ever imagined I'm now a loyal customer of Biltmore Pottery Barn and will tell everyone to ask for Greg!! All of can say is they are rude !! I had to pull teeth to have someone to help us...and then when she rang us up she didn't say a word and No thank you for shopping nothing... I love the store But hate the service I think she needs to be called on the carpet for treating a customer like a child.  Scold scold scold!  Yes  again. Peace out Pottery Barn." "Horrible customer service. As a young adult I felt that I was ignored by staff. A employee in greeting range  then go here.  I prefer the optical shop aspen at Scottsdale Fashion Square because of the helpful team there alone.   More so SLn9eFs53XsMufuVAKWyaA  they had offered to do a complementary adjustment on my Oakleys.  So I took them up on it sense I was planning to go to the driving range anyways.  While I was there I decided to pick up a pair of Oliver Peoples for my wife.  As I was checking out the Gentleman through in a box of golf balls that  he would replace them. Joyce took care of shipping them back to me. She called to let me know the status and left me a sweet note in the box. I was without my sunglasses for just a week. John and Joyce really went above and beyond in this situation." The associates are always helpful and I have never felt that they were pushing a different brand on me just to make more commission.  Love this place!" Stupid pharmacy. I want my drugs!" As soon as this last prescription they've messed up (without telling me) that I'm waiting for comes in I haven't had any negative experiences here. The pharmacist has been helpful  but this location is set up in a way that makes me partial to it compared to other locations.  Their wine section is absolutely amazing and has fun new labels at great prices & often has awesome specials.  They also have a great selection of liquor like Pinnacle Vodka (whipped cream flavors) etc." Don't waste your time with this store chain..Not worth it"""  which are usually on sale for $6.99. There was a sign posted which said $6.99..they rang up regular price. The rude lady stated that she would not change it because the sign was wrong and should have been taken down. (She saId this very rudely)  Ummm excuse me...we believe people should honor the price that's up..it was their mistake not ours. The cashier Katina was sweet enough to call the manager up to refund us the difference."  but I guess that can be expected. I've never really had any issues with the pharmacy either If you must go because of the location I recommend audio taping every conversation with the pharmacist!!!" I love this Walgreens! Go there for all my Pharmacy needs.  high quality. Ordered the beef Wellington and it was done right. Service was attentive and friendly. It was Valentine's Day and they offered some lovely sweets at the end. The decor was ""classic"" but the blue tufted booth seat was uncomfortable. Lighting was a little off  but didn't make the purchase until after I had a few visits with it.  I wanted to make sure it was right.  They remembered who I was when I first came back  ranging in value from modest to high end.  The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.  There is never pressure to buy anything. They love what they do and it shows in the way they treat their customers.  I've been very happy with everything I've ever gotten there. There is an ever-changing estate counter filled with lovely baubles at great prices.  Rare is the time I go in there and don't come out with some treasure. There is also a very talented woman working there who creates original pieces  someone I can trust.  And when I found this place one day while I was at CVS I knew I had found a Gem (pun intended)! Peggy really made me and my now finance feel like we were family.  She helped him pick out my fabulous ring and answer every single one of his questions.  I'm so proud to tell everyone where we got the ring from because I think everyone should know about this place!  If your looking for great jewelry with a warm smile  not solid gold. I don't know if a lot of class rings are like this or if it was just what they were doing in 1950. The jeweler filled the hollow space with gold and made the ring look brand new. When I asked if there was an additional charge for the extra gold I was told no. This was above and beyond my expectations. Not only did they make my beloved heirloom better than it was when I brought it in I have had several stones changed into beautiful ratings and these were pieces other places said was to delicate to do.... Bought a gorgeous watch for my husband... Peggy is the best and so knowledgeable... She even wrote down watch my hubby picked out so when I decided to get she knew which one... You are true professionals! Fiance bought my engagement ring here and my girlfriend swears by this place. I do now as well. I love my ring and love the service. I brought in some old pieces to be fixed and they did it so quickly and extremely well. They have a great selection so of course its always fun to poke around. "I cannot say enough great things about WR Williams!  I will recommend this jewelry store to everyone.  My fianc and I have had such an amazing experience with them.  There are no games with prices and no pressure to buy.  Peggy is so sincere and is the absolute best!  This jeweler has a beautiful selection Everyone is great here. Had a bad experience at Cartier and ended up leaving the store. Went to W.R. Williams and was helped right away! Great local place!  it really was the perfect ring. So I bought it. Peggy wrapped it up for me and off I went. And still got my chick Fil-a sandwich. It is a family owned jewelry shop and I love supporting local AZ businesses. The other gentlemen present were nice and charismatic "Best jewelry store in the Phoenix metro area. Stellar service with a smile. Peggy is always a pleasure to talk to and will help you find exactly what you're looking for. Prices are fair "My wedding ring looks just like the day I got engaged!  These jewelers really do an amazing job getting things to shine-and they saved me from losing a stone for such a reasonable price.  Very friendly  he had an excellent solution and made sure it was executed quickly so my sweetheart could have the ring back on her finger quickly.  I would most definitely recommend W R Williams - thanks Chris!"  and had excellent recommendations on how we could get a beautiful diamond within our budget. We finally chose a setting they had in store and made a small adjustment to fit our needs - the ring turned out to be absolutely stunning! I would recommend Chris and WR Williams to anyone in the market for jewelry Web bought a Citizen watch for my wife.  The price was fair and the service was excellent.  I would recommend this jeweler to anyone considering jewelry.  Muhammad Ali is a regular and I saw him once while getting sizing done."  Moda Fina has it!  The service is the best and this upscale store makes your whole shopping experience ah-mazing!  Whoever says ""Money can't buy happiness""...hasn't shopped at Moda Fina! lol!" Uri and Steve are awesome. Great watches to custom priced right engagement rings. They are the best. Check them out!! The people here are incredibly friendly and the customer service is outstanding! This is the kind of business that truly cares about their customers needs! I'm just trying to hint to my girlfriend now that I need to get a watch from Moda Fina for Christmas!  :)"  read my personality and style immediately. She saw what we had to work with and came back in a couple minutes with the PERFECT idea. I couldn't believe she was able to put together exactly what I wanted and even MORE! She gave us a very reasonable estimate and the ring was completed within a few weeks as promised. When I came to pick it up I had so many tears of joy and was shaking...to the point where they even offered me a ride home. Kudos to Moda Fina! You guys are the classiest act in town! THANK YOU!!!" Best experiences and best jewelers in town. Being a very high-end jewelry boutique your time in there is worth every second. They will find the piece you have been looking for. Visit this location.  It is worth me starting the great American novel on shopping?!?" (Is the problem that I went on a Friday afternoon instead of a Tuesday morning?) (Just asking.....)"  they weren't overly forward but they were there when others had a need or a question. And there was no lines to wait in because the things are all priced and so running price checks were not heard which I find amazing!"  and I've had some relatively good success.  The slightly cluttered look makes me feel as though I might stumble upon an amazing deal that someone else overlooked  and 20 inches and truly a handsome little fellow..."  and travel. You never know what you'll find but it's always worth a trip here to see if you can snag a deal on something." I need to go buy a purse today and there's one I've had my eye on... :) I'm guessing it'll be coming home today."  and I must have seemed quite the screwball getting so much enjoyment over their caddy selection...I'm still excited! (I bought two)" Great concept & idea. One of those places ya just need to keep shopping until ya find something ya can't live without. Ps cool new location! Just love Tuesday morning. You can get some great buys there they have a wonderful products and the people that work there are so nice and inviting. I feel really comfortable walking around there and just looking.  ""very expensive""] French antiques and furniture with some new gift items thrown in.  Everything in the store is merchandised well and very pleasing to the eye.  The background music was perfect as well.  If I'd had more money A month or so ago I went in to Trouve to see what they had in form of antiques etc. The sales person was very nice and greeted me with great directions. What I really liked about her service was that she left me alone to look around but she was close by when ever I had a question. It is much bigger than it looks like from the outside. I recommend it to guest wanting antiques.  it was ready to go. The employees were awesome. I couldn't ask for a better experience."  they'll take your used electronics and recycle them to Strut and Westech.  Other than that amazing and awesome convenience "These guys are awesome! Had a technical failure with a BMW remote key access and they provided a solution  and their prices are just right. Where else can you get your car's auto entry lock checked and installed for less than $5." It's nice to know that there is a place where you can usually get something that you need that is not carried by many other places.  They even will replace your iPhone battery!  Of course they sell more than just batteries we also have a great selection of lightbulbs.  I also bought a 6 V trickle charger while I was there. I highly recommend Batteries Plus Bulbs anytime you need a battery or bulb."  the vibe here was pretty negative. I get a feeling like the staff doesn't really want any business.  On one occasion I was in to purchase 4 small rechargeable batteries "If it has a battery and you need one just go to Batteries Plus. They have it and if they don't you don't need it.  Don't waste your time driving around to other places looking for a battery - save time  never to return again.  Now I know why this place is always empty (even on weekends) and why they only have four parking spaces (two of which are used by employees).  They only get two stars because I didn't receive any attitude from the staff and the place is clean.  Take my advice If you must use one of these stores I recommend the Camelback loction & if you need to sell your phone Called to check and see if they had a particular phone.  It was like I was interrupting their nap.  They could barely be bothered to talk on the phone.  Horrible. Horrible.  Stay away from this place. Head my advice and use Cartridge World if your looking for toner refills."  I end my review on Office Max but I will report back with any new findings."  and the employees are very nice and helpful." I will return if I am ever in need of more print jobs done.  :)" "I always make my trip to OfficeMax first before I try anywhere else.  This store is in a great location near 44th St. & Thomas Rd. in Phoenix near the airport.  They have great selections on all the office products.  Binders This has become my go-to print destination  the only reason I like to go here is because I buy a ton of stuff and the rewards program basically gives me free money but i have to wonder if I am just getting back what I pay them already in inflated pricing...I was originally going to give this place 3 stars but after further thought...this place only deserves two. I can never find a staff member here to help me THEN I asked him to explain the charges and he couldn't. I could not get an explanation of what I was being charged for.  I am certain that there are consumer laws regulating exactly this sort of thing!  I will never spend another dime in this store again. Ever." In fact I got 2 of each color from 3 different sellers for ONE THIRD THE COST shipping included. bye bye officemax." I quickly zipped in here today to get a few supplies for my home office. All of their employees were VERY friendly and eager to help! I was asked multiple times if I was finding everything ok. They were genuinely interested in me and what I was there for! I was very impressed with their customer service and they had everything that I was looking for so it was a win win. I will be back soon on my next office supply run!  lots of options at a reasonable price. Always clean and well stocked."  quality service and quality gardening supplies.  The customer service is especially good and the care taken of the plants is outstanding.  The only drawback is the price  but I love to gather knowledge about almost anything.  I was so impressed by the knowledge of the staff at Berridge and better yet - their eagerness to share their knowledge with us.  This place gets a huge thumbs up from me!" "This was my favorite Nursery in the area. Sure you can find plants at places like Fry's and Home Depot  I do not live in AZ otherwise I would love to come back and check out the veggies in the spring."  and care instructions for any plant from memory. Friendly without being obsequious It's also just a great place to wander around with the kids.  The extensive selection of roses in particular "Love this place. Great selection of everything and reasonable prices. Everyone is friendly and eager to help and teach you about the plants. Plus they have incredible gifts   but the staff was extremely knowledgeable in helping me find what i needed. i have driven by here and noticed their gates are close at 5pm? isn't that when most regular people get off work and need to shop for stuff?" Excellent nursery. Been there twice and always found something wonderful to take home.  and not the red that my fiance so dearly wanted.  Now I'm in trouble!  We call Berridge and they told us to bring it back and they would exchange it.  So now I have to dig this rose tree up and haul it back to the nursery.  Not exactly what I want to be doing.  When I got there I realized that I did not bring the receipt which is the policy for returns.  Not a problem though because Bill came out and assisted me and helped me find a different 36"" rose tree to replace it.  They did not worry that I did not have the receipt because I had left the tags on the tree.  The staff If you are buying potting soil they are expensive I usually go to Home Depot or elsewhere for stuff like that. I get my plants seeds and vegetables at this nursery it is my go to place for my hobby A beautiful nursery and yes I took a plant home. Christmas Carol Aloe.  It will fill in the low area in front of the new planter very nicely in about three years with lots of color. Slight care needed."  they have just about everything. Prices are definitely on the high side. The staff can be hit or miss; sometimes they are super knowledgable and helpful while other times they can be really short and impatient." If you tell them your situation they will suggest plants as well. The location comes up fast when you are driving the speed limit on Camelback so you have to really pay attention I am going back for my 7 day checkup for the new contacts and pick up my frames.  Will check back in." "The two stars are for the young lady that helped us purchase the glasses. The doctor barely said 5 words to me  I couldn't see very clearly. I've been wearing contacts for years. Discovered that on top of all the waiting the doctor and staff are incompetent because they incorrectly ordered my contacts for me and changed my -2.75 prescription to a +2.75.  Do not go here! They suck! This is for the location at 4280 E Indian School." Good job Nationwide!  Holly" The Worst Customer Service Experience in a long time.  Long wait times while giving off lots of attitude while you wait.  Amazed at the consistency of the poor attitude of every single employee in the place.  Do yourself a favor and stay away!  when I was here long before them and I had an appointment FIRST or reschedule and come back another day. This is ridiculous.  Unacceptable.  Thank you for wasting 2 hours of my Saturday." Never again!!!!  The worst customer service and communication I've ever experienced. They should all be fired and start fresh or I can guarantee this location will be gone in less than a year. HORRIBLE!! "The doctor was great and one lady was hospitable but the rest of the staff seemed completely incompetent.  They couldn't seem to give me a proper quote on how much an eye exam would cost.  A week after my exam they still didn't have my trial contacts and weren't willing to call other locations to see if I could pick up a pair at another Nationwide.  I won't be returning Very friendly staff! Got me in and out fairly quickly for my eye exam. The doctor was completely knowledgable and answered every question I had. Left with several free pairs of contacts. Thank you!!! I Ps. Did I mention his current ones are also broken?? He's been wearing taped glasses for months How much could it be to reset a screw you might ask? Would you believe $20.00!  I prefer to select who I let screw me  but the quality of work is great. the frame doctor will fix your glasses even when you've lost all hope!" I work in the industry; needed to get nose pad replacements for expensive wire frames I wear everyday; they charged me 24 dollars with tax;  I could get them for free at most optical shops;  enough said.  I had already put in a temporary screw and did not see what he saw.  He wanted $38.00 to fix them.  I decided to get a second opinion and went around the corner to an optical shop and he said I only needed a screw and fixed them for nothing." Stepped on my glasses and needed a solution other than buying new glasses so I searched and this place came up. It's not to far from my house to I thought I'd give it a try despite the negative reviews on yelp. I called around 7:30 am and the guy on the phone was super pleasant and told me that they didn't open until 9 but I could come by right away. I got to the shop and James the owner found arms that matched my frames the best (there was no other way to fix them) and within 20 mins my glasses were put back together and ready:) it cost me 38$ but that is a lot cheaper than 100+ dollars and waiting a week for new glasses to come in. he is a new owner of the business and is super friendly! I highly recommend going to James to see if he can fix your glasses w/o having to buy new ones. I was experiencing the amazing donuts at close by BoSa Donuts when a nose pad fell off my $20 dollar sunglasses. I yelped ""Glasses repair"" and saw this place pretty close by. I decided to stop by (Note: Very easy to miss if you don't turn on GPS). I went in and the person  inside was very attentive and fixed my sunglasses in less than two rounds of ""Temple Run 2""."  but they would most likely bend out of shape slowly again and would cause discoloration over time (they have a really unique tortoise type coloring in the plastic and I would hate to distort it).  He came up with a better solution that only cost $12 The arm on my glasses had to be welded to the glasses so there is no longer a spring and the arm always flops down. I don't like that   the temple on the other pair was broke and the only other Eyeglass repair shop wanted almost 50 bucks to fix they had to do both sides. I went to Frame dr and they replaced the temples for 1/2 that and replaced the nose rests for nothing as a courtesy gUt1OMval0UORqUCZomPjA gUt1OMval0UORqUCZomPjA Fast and courteous service. Fast as in one hour.  The big draw is convienance but the con is price. I love my frames but they were 80 bucks. It costs me 50 to replace One broken spring hinge.  A week later the other spring broke and he will charge me 50 again. I asked him to replace both usally when one breaks so does the other.  So the pro is rapid same day repair. Con is $$$.  But at least you have options! This guy totally bait and switched me. I went in and he told me 50 dollars and I thought that was high so I went and called my insurance to see if it would be cheaper to just get new frames. I went back in and said ok I will do it. Then I pulled out a 10% discount card and then he told me 69 but he will do it for 50. I thought that was pretty unethical.  I told him I would pay 45 which would be his orginal quote plus my 10% off. He refused. Yesterday I went back to The Frame Doctor and asked for a refund. He said he was sorry; but he could not do that. However  he let us run to the bank and come back and pay him.  Very few businesses operate like that anymore.  He did a nice job saving my glasses  and he did it in less than 5 minutes.  They were better than the ones the glasses came with "My boyfriend broke the arms off of both his regular glasses and his prescription sun glasses. He had the arm to one pair but misplaced the other. He called ahead to check prices and availability and the guy said it would be just $10 to repair the arm we had and we went right in. He fixed the first pair in a few minutes and offered to put two new arms on the other pair for  $50. Way more affordable than the options eyeglass retailers offer. We will definitely come back any time we need glasses repaired. The man who helped us was very personable and did a great Bad attitude maybe I was the wrong color for them or maybe the wrong nationality I'm American they are and treated me disrespectfully "This Business stablished in Phoenix 1957   I highly recommend Luke's business. He doesn't overcharge like most places and he's very good at what he does. You can trust he will always gets the job done right! I've been a very happy customer here and will be coming back"  but they always have time for a chat and whatever friendly gardening advice you may need.   The selection of roses especially (during the proper planting time in the spring) is first class.  The prices are somewhat higher than the big-box stores  friendly and knowledgeable. The main person we talked to even pointed out a couple of hummingbirds' nests as we passed by them just because they were cool. If I decide to be ambitious this summer and do some more planting (in the wee hours of the AM of course) I'll return to Baker."  do yourself a favor and head over to Bakers Nursery. Your plants will thank you!  ; )" So green up your thumb and get yer yard stuff here." I am going to start building my garden slowly and I'm thrilled to have such a great place to go to and hopefully I will be able to get some more help to keep my leafy babies thriving. I noticed that on March 14 there is going to be a Q&A session with their gardening staff so I will make a point to be there!" "Baker's is a great neighborhood nursery!  The staff is knowledgeable and helpful.  They sell quality plants and other garden products.  Last time I was in was to pick up some fertilizer to feed my trees at my new home.  I've never been through this process before and was a bit intimidated.  But the staff pointed me in the right direction and educated me about application  herbs and etc fill their property & I can always find what I need. They also have experts and some special shows on occasion which are very interesting to see." Jim Baker passed Aug 31  and their selection of plants is excellent!  So much better than Lowe's or Home Depot." I was so pleased to find my new partner in living green   Thanks Bonnie & we will def be going back to Baker Nursery!!" Best nursery in town hands down.  Very friendly staff and extremely knowledgeable that will spend plenty of time with you to make sure you get what you need.  You won't regret doing business here.  but the gentleman who worked there said that now is probably not the time to be shopping for them. He told me they get their roses in December and by mid January they should have a complete selection of them available. They get about 5500 plants each year and only 40 or so are not sold. Isn't that amazing? All these rose plants all over the city. What a nice picture in my head. haha...Anyway  with (hopefully) appropriate chill hours for our region." They have all their roses in now. We got the Cecille Brunner Climbing Rose bush and the Jean La Joie. They look healthy and are already starting to leaf out. Can't wait to see the show of roses in a year. They have a huge selection available right now but are selling out like crazy. So go fast if you want roses for your garden. Ideal time to get them in the ground is now.  but baker at least covers the basics and sometimes goes beyond. the staff is quite knowledgable. the seedlings and mature plants i have bought here usually seem to be much more hardy and less disease prone than the ones i impulse buy (against my better judgement) at the home depot down the street."  I picked my very first strawberry yesterday. Thank you Baker Nursery!"  and of course plants. I recommend supporting our local nursery (and not the Big Orange box down the street from them) and giving the gift of life (I know cheesey Baker Nursery is now my place to go for all my gardening needs." I remember my mother bringing me here as a child - I always had so much fun there. She brought me here because she also used to go there as a child! Baker's has been around for so long and is a wonderful family business. You should go check it out!" love bakers. super friendly and knowledge staff. great selection of plants and trees... always a relaxing trip to this nursery!  good selection and healthy plants. My second favorite nursery and one that I frequent often." "i love this place. i went on monday to buy a chile tepin plant. it was healthy  except during the heat of the day in the summertime!  :)" Very helpful & knowledgeable staff. Bought a lime tree and they have helped me keep it alive by answering my questions over the phone months after I bought it there!  no matter how good the staff is. Miss the old owners. Kids don't count." What a find!  A gardeners paradise!  A friend turned me on to Bakers and I was thrilled when I went.  A hidden gem in a neighborhood setting - so much better quality than the big box nurseries at a Home Depot or Lowes.  Gardners - go to Bakers - you will be so happy!  I promise!  and totally reasonable prices.  Staff helped me choose a plant to give as a gift Love Bakers. I live in Glendale an it is worth the drive to go see them. They know their stuff and am always pleased with my purchases. "Bakers is the best from plants to those concrete gnomey kind of things that can inhabit your lawn and garden.  I have been going to Bakers for about 54 years.  When I was a little child I went with my mother  but Charlie told me it was great that I was trying it out on something so pretty. He walked us around & even showed us a few plants that he is personally working on. He assured us that what we were planning on doing was right on track and the nutrients we had to feed the plants with would be great! I ended up buying even more Bonsai stuff from them after we talked. I will definately be back to this gem of a nursery. It was worth the drive!" "Went there today and thought the place was okay not great.  Was looking for something new that Lowes or Home Depot didn't have.  Didn't see anything that sparked my interest and so much of what they sell is under shaded trees or shades which I've been told means don't plant in full sun.  Well practically everywhere in my yard is full sun so they couldn't help.  Prices seemed decent on some plants  everything I have bought is thriving where it needs to be. They have a nice selection of seeds too." I'll finally get pumpkins in the ground before summer is over!"  I just call them to ask questions.  They are always friendly and interested in helping diagnose my plants and other garden folly."  that's where they stock.  Amazing selection of plants and trees.  5 star staff.  I have brought in a plant clipping and they will tell you EXACTLY what you have.  6 stars if possible for this place."  we headed to Baker Nursery to find new plants for our landscaping adventure. What a lovely nursery! It was well organized with plenty of shade so you didn't have to wander the aisles with the sun blazing down. All the plants looked so healthy and beautiful. My husband and I are both pretty uneducated when it comes to plants. We had so many questions  reminded me of why usually I'd rather just at start at Baker's.  I was looking for a  a particular variety of a certain plant.  I saw the plant but not the variety I wanted.  I was told they didn't have it.  I happened to see a representative of one of the big plant companies that supplies the big box stores. I can tell you from past experience these people are a different breed!  I know to handle them very carefully  as  they usually they just don't want to be bothered. There job is to get the product out there and be on there way Look it is a fine place but just not the end all for me."  and I hope other people go here on recommendation from me. Wonderful place Awesome selection of plants. Love coming here. Mark is a serious guru - thanks for all the help and great gardener recommendations!!!!  our Bonita Ash and Desert Willow are both thriving :) I have been here a few times before and really liked it but today I had questions about my garden.  Oh my!  They blew me away.  I didn't realize just how much I didn't know about gardening till I spoke with the staff.  They are just full of useful information.  Everyone was very friendly and very helpful.  I will definitely be back!"  you have lost my business." Supporting conscientious local businesses like Baker Nursery is an extreme pleasure!  It gave me heart just to visit with them." "I just love to go to Baker's Nursery. The people are so helpful and knowledgeable! They never mind taking their time to explain details of their plants. And Pretty good prices too!" "I finally stopped by Baker Nursery today after living near it for years. I have been missing out! Gorgeous 10 acres of beautiful plants. I purchased a pre-potted box of lettuce greens and also purchased a box for herbs that I got there. I spoke with Carolyn who was very knowledgable and helped me pick out the best herbs to go together in my box  service and expertise are bar none! They also have the friendliest and most helpful staff in the Valley. Mr. Baker would be proud of how his daughters have carried on his legacy." I also can't believe the other negative comments on here and absolutely no response from the owners!!  I hope everyone on my Facebook reads and shares this post." I ended up forking up the money for both anyway since I really needed them for my backyard. But this is definitely the last time I'm ever giving them my business and won't be recommending them again to any people." This place is great and the staff are wonderful! They immediately came to ask if I needed help. They went beyond help with my house plants I purchased.  So friendly and the plants are just beautiful. Of course I'm a DBG member and probably a future volunteer there so I guess that helps explain it."  and Chinese evergreen. I also picked up a cute Pink Confetti and a White Splash to add some color around my kitchen. They have some cute small potters that I used for them  4 inch plants. fully grown). The people who work here helped me choose some plants that would be at least somewhat difficult for me to kill....I do have a brown thumb  if anything goes right for you at Baker  pretty much everything you could want for the garden. Baker and Berridge definitely the best." Baker has a great selection of potting soils and conditioners to keep your garden vibrant." Family owned by group of I sister very friendly smart staff.  Their mother and father owned it.  Always helpful and attentive.   May not have the largest selection but plenty for the normal gardener.  They are very good at working with people on plant selection and planting tips.   I like the people.  Truly love plant loving people.  They have very good quality and I think a good selection of desert plants. "You'll never buy plants anywhere else after visiting Bakers.  Amazing find and nursery with the most helpful staff EVER.  Wish I would have discovered this place years ago Such a great nursery. I've been here twice. The staff is very eager to help. I love all the plant varieties they have.  just the way they told me to. I returned to buy more plants and trees for my house "They are closing in December 2014. I can't believe it! The helpful advice  pottery and so much more! The helpful and knowledgeable staff is so refreshing.   This experience is not to be missed." Their niche in the neighborhood will be a chasm after December." I found out Bakers is closing the last day of December this year.  I can't imagine taking care of my house and backyard without them.  No very often can I truly say that the closing of a business is a real loss.  This is!  This has always been a a ten star place!  too. I remember the last time I was here in the August and I asked one of the clerks if she'd already swiped my credit card. She laughed and said: ""we don't do computers here Thanks to the Baker family for many years of fine memories!" 7p0OI2Ld46-EzJkRHGQEJQ  and a jillion inviting pillows.  I sat in the corner of the sectional; then stretched out fully to ensure it was the right fit--It was perfect.  When I pulled myself up  you will never lack for a sales associate none the less. There is a huge array of furniture for the whole house; yet I have never found anything I would consider buying. This is not to say the furniture is bad We're pretty happy with the furniture (a beautiful set the quality of the furniture is good and the prices range depending on which gallery you look in I don't know why I always shop around bc I know Pruitts will have the best price. I wish they had a better website.  it goes great wherever you go and it's sturdy enough to make it through a move  Pruitt's kept my $$$ for 7 weeks ... did nothing ... never called ... and lied when I called them ... repeatedly. So I made them give me my money back this morning. Save yourself time and trouble!! I didn't even buy one of the (many) cheap couches they have and they still treated me this way. Shop elsewhere! Oh ... and if you know somewhere I can buy a nice  I didn't expect to find much at this store but was encouraged by the mostly-positive reviews.  I had a particular sofa in mind which I'd seen at two Mor locations and pretty much had my heart set on finding it or something very similar.  Thankfully "My sofa was delivered as promised without any real issues.  The sofa had a medium dirt smudge on the side despite being delivered in plastic.  I was told the delivery team would call me when they were 30 minutes from my place but they showed up without a call.  Regardless Pruitts was just ok. The place is a little trashed. The prices were ok but not as aggressive as they used to be. The service wasn't very good either granted it is a furniture store though. will update when we actually get the furniture." If you are looking for nice furniture at a great price go here!"  the whole process took about 20 minutes and the salesman was awesome! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the couch wasn't available for SIX weeks...has to be ""made"" apparently. I don't like that I have to wait that long for something I was expecting to pick up within a week "I had a great salesman (Sam) who I could tell really cared about the customers. I felt bad because I had problems with the manufacturer  it seemed like the salesmen couldn't get me outta there fast enough when writing up my bill. But as for East Valley location...awesome furniture "I was so excited to go and look for new furniture for the house we are moving into until we met the salesman.  After looking around and putting our final decisions "Furniture is great and have used Pruitt's for over 10 years. We have purchased carpet twice from them and the first time we had shipping and production issues and had to be on cement floors for a month and finally I had to suggest us changing to a different color as it took that long for them to let me know what the issue was. We purchased carpet almost two years ago from them again on another home and I have had them out 3 times to re-stretch it  but are right there when you have a question or are ready to purchase. The delivery service is impeccable. They call you when they are on their way and the men delivering are courteous and professional. Several pieces of my furniture are from this store and they are very good quality and have weathered kids and pets." Great place to buy any piece of furniture. The sales folk don't hound you to death and I found the living room set I bought from Pruitt's for hundreds of dollars more in other stores. They have earned my business. 000 on furniture and mattresses and the customer service will not replace a defaulty mattress! The mattress has a 10 year warrenty and they still said it was not bad enough. It has to have 2 inches of wear down on the sides! IT is like sleeping on raw coils! Will not shop there again! We suggest Mesa TV and Appliance and they will order anything you want at a lower price!" Worst customer service ever." "Good prices but bad service.   I shopped and found a nice set for a good price.  I went home measured and ordered online in the morning on a Thursday.  Later on Thursday early evening I had not received a call.  I called the store and confirmed they received the order.   I had requested a Saturday morning delivery online.   The rep told me that usually they have a 4 day window for deliveries but he would do me a ""favor"" and schedule it for Saturday.   Are you JOKING?  The competitors all have next day delivery.   I had to be nice since I wanted the Sat. Delivery so I thanked him.  On Saturday morning I had not received a call.   I called and they said the store does not call "We ordered a black sofa bed from Pruitts Furniture about 4 weeks ago. Pruitt's never called to let us know that it had arrived. We called and they told us to go to the store (34th st and Thomas) to pay the balance and then to the warehouse (43rd ave and Washington) to pick up the couch. Got the couch home and it was brown. The sales person told us they would order the couch in black "I purchased a $2500 sectional from them. It was beautiful and I was in love the minutes I saw the carmel colored beauty. Within six months a peice of the frame came loose and pertruded through the fabric in the back. I called them and they sent someonne out to repair it. within  6 months it was broken again. They refused to fix it stating that it was outside of the year. I understand that placed have to set a time limit I should have listened to my gut feeling while I was purchasing the set and walked out. So if you end up in this awful place and you have a great desire to run. RUN!!!!"  and because our crappy couch is *extremely* comfortable The prices here are pretty good compared to other places! I'm not a wood expert either but I can say that the bedroom set we have seems sturdy and good quality. It looks so great!! The only gripe I have is that the prices for their ""bedroom sets"" seem lower than they really are because they only include the bed  great store and service! You are now my furniture. I went to Pruitts to look at  dining tables but my eyes betrayed me...they wandered to  look at a beautiful  and the delivery was on time with no complications.  We really love the new beds and sectional sofa.. Will definitely purchase from Pruitt's again.."  owners number or email address. They claimed they don't have that information! Ha! I looked up the manufacturer myself and called them... Had the answer is 5 minutes that I've been waiting on for over a week. These people are uninterested in helping once they have your money. We've purchased lots of items from them in the last 10 years and their quality has gone way down as has their respect for the people who spend money there. Never again!! Please consider purchasing from another store who will care to treat their long time or any  customers well."  I was not sure what I wanted.  I need to go back and take my time to review everything.  Just a run through  but they have the worst customer service on the planet. One of my pieces was defective and the process to exchange it and get a new one was horrible. they make you wait all day again to get the piece...not one but 3 times. once to confirm it's messed up The only hitch was experienced was the delivery.  They could not get the sofa into the room.  This problem had been discussed prior to the purchase.  The old LazyBoy that came out of that room had to have the bottom frame removed in order to get it in and out.  The delivery guys said they did not do that type of work So - we walked out.  And I decided even if I couldn't find that sofa elsewhere Needless to say we went elsewhere."  nor would I recommend my friends to go here either." I ended up having a handle on my dresser break and the service to get a replacement was zero. They didn't return my call when looking into this request and when i called back Worth a look if you're furniture shopping."  and nobody is pushing sales on you like other furniture stores.  The shipping was awesome!  You have to call at 9am the day your items are to be delivered.  They will then tell you what stop you are and an approximate window As I write this it's 10pm on Saturday  and I actually will come back to them since I'm furnishing my new house. I would recommend them for anyone looking for great prices and quality. A hint for yelpers out there: Ask for Ken (sales)  but I wasn't ready so I decided to wait. I received a call on Sunday confirming a Monday deliver and also a call on Monday morning when the truck was about 15 minutes away. I really couldn't ask for much more In a furniture buying experience. Next time I need to purchase furniture A word about the delivery - it is a third party company that they hire and Pruitt's has no control over their delivery abilities or schedule! I was able to get my couch delivered the following day I have shopped at Pruitts quite a few times now. Each time I have been the salespersons have never been pushy. They have a HUGE selection of furniture. It's almost impossible not to find something there. If you are looking for any type of furntire.. Pruitts is the place to check first.  instead of visiting four other furniture stores. We found a fantastic sectional there for a price that was about half of what other furniture stores were offering. We bought it  professional and I didn't feel pressured at all. I'm actually looking forward to going back and finding some accent pieces soon." All-in-all it was a very good experience."  is the best!! The wrong mattress was delivered from a misunderstanding between me and the sales person.  I was not clean in what I wanted (yes I went over the entire conversation in my head and spotted my error).  I called Pam and explained the situation.  She had the correct mattress delivered the next day.  The delivery guys noted I had a low profile box spring but a high profile was sent with the new mattress.  They took the time to explain why I may want to keep the low profile box spring and showed me the difference.  This was exceptional service!  They really did a great job in keeping me happy and sleeping well in deed!  Hats off to Pruitt's and Pam!"  something got messed up & it couldn't be delivered until a later date which wouldn't work for us.  I went back in and Bill really helped me out (he worked with us the first time too) and I found a new furniture set that we loved a million times more than the one we initially picked out!  Bill went out of his way to help us get the furniture in time for my family to visit!  He was great & anyone that goes in should ask for him!  We are in LOVE with our new couch and love seat!  It's huge Don't shop here......"  and the salesman I spoke to there was able to order the table for me IMMEDIATELY. I don't know if their sales staff makes commission or not I was unimpressed by this lazy and rude customer service. But - if I could choose between friendly staff or a sofa for cents on the dollar "My most recent experience with Pruitts left me rather disappointed. My husband and I purchased a home and needed furnishings fast. I've shopped at Pruitts before and I was confident they'd provide excellent service. Our salesman was great. He was honest and truly wanted to help us get a good deal. I told him our budget and he was able to stay close to it. We encountered a problem with the billing team. We requested to do a split payment amongst two cards (one debit one credit). They did not follow our directions and debited we the entire $3000+ from our checking account  they followed me in every room. I decided on a couch so I left and shopped around the valley. Surprisingly they had the best price so I returned to buy it. They delivered it two days later and on time. The reason why I gave three stars is that when I went back to buy the couch they told me it was out of stock however they were going to give me the couch another customer had ordered  and the employees who assisted me with my selection were great!" This place is not what it used to be. My parents bought their furniture here and I came to check it out. They have a lot of options but it just feels like the store is old. Not for me. "Ordered a bedroom furniture set over a month ago. It was supposed to be delivered in a week. My salesperson never followed up to let me know that it wouldn't be arriving or delivered. I've had to follow up twice. Every time I call in  so when looking for a new living room set I knew I wanted to come back here.  Fell in love with a set and bought it immediately.  I was told that it was on back order and would be delivered around mid September at the latest.  Well its mid September....and I have heard nothing.  Today I call and Jessica (very nice) told me that it was due to be shipped the warehouse by October 5!!!  WHAT?!?!?!  That's over 2 more weeks with no couch. I have decided that this was a sign....RETURNING THE WHOLE SET!!  I am irritated and this was a 100% different experience than years ago.  Lesson learned....This will not be a stop for furniture ever again!  Very disappointing!!"  we needed to remove the bunk bed ladder. The men who installed it threaded the screws terribly and completely stripped them and we literally cannot get the ladder off to put the mattress and support board in. This is the crappy service that just keeps on keeping on long after you place your furniture order. I will never make another purchase at Pruitt's again no matter how cheap their furniture is. You get what you pay for." My only complaint is when we got the pieces unwrapped I discovered I was missing one set of the feet to my couch. I called the store and they told me the warehouse only had brown feet available and I needed black Then my phone rings and it's the previous man calling back...again.  I told him how I just got off the phone with Pam who also verified the 88 they have in stock.  I asked him if he's given thought to how many other customers they have lost business to when they're told items are no longer in stock and they have plenty?  I told him how his customer service was horrible since he wanted to argue about the information I had given him (that was correct).  He still wanted to argue.  I never got his name "We recently spent a few days looking around phoenix for some new furniture. We needed a few basics for our new place and decided to go with Pruitt's being that the prices were great and they have so many options. We ended up with a living room set We got a queen size bed with no problem! They come and set up the bed for 68.00...GREAT PRICE! Thanks Pruit's Totally different experience. They changed my perception of them. Very good experience."  even better so we purchased it. When it got delivered this sofa set up was reversed so the extra piece was on opposite side making it to long. So when I'm back at the store they told me the charcoal only comes with the insert on left the original tan we picked out only comes with insert on right side Wichita is why we picked it out. Sales person never mentioned it. Here's the kicker pruitt's will reorder it but charge us another delivery fee. So much for customer service. I'll be getting the rest of my furniture for the new home somewhere else." Don't bother going anywhere but here.  Low pressure sales people.  Massive store with tons of things to look at.  The clearance section is full of amazing deals.  If you go in the morning?  You can usually get same day delivery.  The furniture is high quality and I have never had an issue with any items purchased.  When they deliver?  They are quick and painless. "I want to give my highest recommendation for Pruitt's and a very fine and excellent employee Nora who works there.  They have outstanding customer service.  Nora went out of her way to do everything she could to professionally and kindly accommodate and assist me.  I have never seen a furniture store do so much to make sure a customer was satisfied.  I have purchased from Pruitt's in the past and their furniture is good and it lasts  and awesome prices. If you can ask for Ken - he is so kind and very helpful. Small business that's been here for over 60 years!"  and you can't beat their customer service. I'm now a loyal customer." oE6iNXWpo9XxAWm-CGvcww "Diana and Ray were so super friendly on both of my visits to this great shop. It looks like a cool art gallery inside with candles and gifts for sale along with the unique glasses. On my first stop  and  a history lesson or two along the way.  These people are steady "Stopped by here recently with my mom to look for glasses for her. The salesman then proceeded to tell my mom her current glasses were ""out of style"" and kept forcing her to try on pairs of glasses that were totally not even close to what she wanted. He was somewhat helpful "I was at The Henry and noticed the gentleman next to me was wearing some clever frames. After inquiring I secured the information that he acquired his stylish lens at Ray's. Plus  and left feeling like a star in some cool new shades. I will recommend Ray Eyewear to everyone I meet. You have to check out this awesome local business! They are the real deal in good ol' fashioned customer service Thank you for being MY locally owned choice for eyewear!"  couldn't be more helpful and personable. They offer exceptional selection of frames from conservative I love this place. Locally owned for over 20 years by this couple. They are always the ones you will be working with. They have so much knowledge and love helping people. I bought some Oliver Peoples sunglasses there recently and love them. Very nice people. If you need glasses for the first time or need some cool frames that everyone else doesn't have go see Ray and Diana! Wow! What an amazing experience.  Finding fresh fashions and a good fit in glasses has been challenging for me for years.  I found Rays on facebook stopped by and found everything I've been looking for.  All the new colors and frames great pricing but more than that I discovered a kind and caring  proprietor who took time with me to try lots of new glass ideas I'd been thinking about.  Add to it ZERO sales pressure!  Win-Win-Win. You have got to visit this shop. It is remarkable!!! 5 Stars. Excellent customer service is their maxim." "A family owned business with owners on the premises.  My ophthalmologist referred Ray Glasses; he said they had one of the best labs in town.  The owner was helpful and willing to work with me on price as I was getting multiple new lenses.  They also have a very nice selection of stylish Love Love Love my glasses!  Excellent customer service and turn around time.  I highly recommend Ray Glasses! Ray glasses is a fantastic addition to the neighborhood. They are extremely helpful and their selection is very fashion forward.  but they do offer payment plans. And let me tell you  have something repaired or cleaned or appraised. You can't go wrong. Much better and more personal than all of the chain stores. You will definitely get something unique." "I brought a high end Omega in to their repair dept for what seemed an easy fix and had to take it back 3 times because they kept giving it back to me and it was not working. They kept it for almost 8 mos on and off "I bought my girlfriend's engagement ring from store in LA and it was too big... Schmitt resized it for a very reasonable price same day because they could tell my fianc didn't want to be without the ring. Ann  my fianc now. Chris was the gent who helped me with everything. Very professional and even helped my fianc get it resized after I had proposed. Deff would recommend this place because of him. It's also nice to see fellow veterans out there working hard. Kudos to Chris. Semper Fi (0311)" I will go back for a pair of glasses from them when i get my eye issues resolved (surgery).  Until then -P.S. They don't do eye exams so don't forget to bring your prescription.  Also I wish the name were a little less girlie so that if I shop there I don't have to tell people that I got my glasses at Sassy Glasses."  both touting the great selection of unique frames at Sassy Glasses.   I raced to the store to find a FANTASTIC selection of unique glasses in a modern boutique-style shop ran by a very cool husband and wife pair.  I had a great time trying on frames and fell in love with about 5 pairs.  The best part?  I walked away with 2 pairs of glasses that I love for about the same price I paid for the Chanels.  Thank you Yelp!" "Sassy Glasses rocks- seriously! Stopped by about a week ago to check out their selection of frames and was totally blown away! They have a very large collection of frames and styles that you will not find elsewhere. I found an absolutely gorgeous pair of glasses and they were ready in about a week  so more of your hard earned money stays in town.  The only downside is that they don't take insurance (directly) and have no optometrist on site  and without them I'd be very unhappy with the selection at Lens Crafters.  I would so go back.  Give them your very best  and definitely know what I want in a pair of glasses. I found the style of glasses I had been searching everywhere for within 2 minutes of being in the store The bottom line is Sassy Glasses is good for people with minor vision issues who want to look ""hip"" in their glasses Which is why I am a long-term customer." I usually make an annual pilgrimage to SG when I get my tax return (I've never had/been offered good insurance for someone who needs something beyond Lenscrappers inferior capabilities)  but we are no strangers to traveling for the things or food we want - Mesa resident hazard.  Anyway we hustled to get there before they closed on a weekday and made it in about 5:15pm.  They had the best selection of glasses I had ever seen and for someone who is completely committed to her contacts I was actually jealous of my husband as there were several pairs I wanted for myself!  Another day!  Anyway there really wasn't a pair there that I would have said no to and Jordan who helped us couldn't have been nicer.  She helped with suggestions I have been wanting new frames for the wedding and know I'll be able to find something I love at Sassy Glasses! The boutique is a little bit on the pricey side  bad customer service= not a good combination."  bad customer service.  Don't waste your money." Thank you Dan and Quida!!!" SO HAPPY I WENT HERE! Yelp is awesome!!!"  great selection of options and for feeling like a fun place to shop. This will be my first stop next time I need a pair of glasses."  they just might have a pair that will make you look great!"  and have the coolest glasses around.  I highly recommend checking sassy glasses out."  it was totally worth it. My glasses are the shit." He was very knowledgable and an absolute pleasure to deal with. I am looking forward to having my whole family use this business and I am looking forward to recommending them to my friends."  Unique Frames. What else can be said?"  and it occurred to me my business was not wanted.  Why be arrogant."  Dan and the rest of their knowledgeable staff. They have talent and skill they've spent years honing. They DO know what looks great or just mediocre. All their frames are awesome but not all of them will look awesome on you... They will tell you the truth! Hardly anything can beat the selection of frames/lenses they have except the service they provide. They are the real deal. They care about their customers  and without hesitation give Sassy Glasses my stamp of approval!  When my insurance rolls over I'm going back for a pair of sunglasses!  Thank you Sassy Glasses!" This place is definitely worth checking out!"  very 5 star happy with these folks!" I highly recommend Sassy Glasses! Dan and Quida Lewis are professional  Sally's doesn't carry many ""name' brand items you'll see at a place like Ulta - no Bedhead or Paul Mitchel or Garnier or OPI ... but lots of bulk products that I see in my neighborhood nail salon. I go for the things like cuticle clippers and nail buffers - good deals and good selections on items if you don't care about the brand. I recently picked up some nail basecoat and topcoat - the same kind my favorite salon uses This Sally's is definitely a blessing being so close!"  and found out the closed a few minutes earlier than advertised. Not cool." The store is supposed to open at 9am and the lady in the store seemed crabby and put out that she had to unlock the door at 9:05. She walked over flipped the lock and walked away in a huff. I was there for 15 minutes and she didn't even say hello! I personally love going to Sally's...I checked this particular store out a few weeks ago and it's no joke maybe the best one I've ever been in. The young lady Kelly in there is so sweet so knowledgeable and so helpful! I love that I can ask her about a product and get real feedback! She tells me what she uses and because out hair color is different will recommend different products to me based on that. Additionally the store is always clean and well stocked...it's just a great experience to shop there! I live behind this location but I may not return. There is a Walgreens off of 7th Street..." My other prescriptions will remain at Walgreens." The guy that's always checking people out is on crack or something. Don't ever mention anything about working. He will not stop complaining about the company. I'm shocked by all the negative reviews.  I believe the worst part of this location is the homeless people hanging out front  we'll try anywhere else."  I stood at the pharmacy counter for 10 mins.  Not one of them came to ask if i needed help.  It was to locate a footspa.  Idiots now I'm calling there corporate.  I hope they fold.  Walgreens didn't have it as well  still not open even though it should at seven. Really nothing else to say- everyone else hates it  quick! Somebody have a birthday so we can get a cake!!!" Sadly...This store has now closed and is yet another huge empty retail and eye sore in Phoenix.  The owner of the plaza apparently wants exorbitant rents based on the number of shops in that same plaza that have closed."  and going around the store I found the prices to be very reasonable. Then I headed to the bakery and found the holy grail. I brought my treasure home and immediately tried it. Each ""single-serving"" tres leches portion was actually huge you go there thinking you will get a good deal but believe me you can do better at Home Depot I bought 3 gas stoves for $349 each plus delivery found better ones at Home Depot for $329 I had already purchased the $349 so it was too late but guess what I'll be at home depot next time.  and they deliver and set up without my havng to look over their shoulders and they don't add on a bunch of extras like Home Depot." I will use them again and again for appliance repairs. Superior service at fantastic prices." "I had purchased the entire kitchen appliances that were used reconditioned appliances with warranty's of six months below  $1200.00 stove  set up an appointment and called me back with a diagnosis.  The unit had to be replaced.  An estimate was emailed to me and a they followed up with a call to me to review estimate.  Everything was handled by B and B.  Great service!!" I have had them out to my home multiple times over the past year to repair a number of older appliances and they always do a great job the first time."  it was broken from day one. Told me they would replace it with the exact same model. They brought something totally different. Oh well  friendly & didn't cost an arm & a leg (: Thanks!" When it rains it pours! Dishwasher just took a dive - tech came out ... too pricey to fix - gave me 1/2 store credit from service call fee & went on in bought a dishwasher had it installed the next day. Simple & easy =  my favorite thing. "These guys (and gals) are terrific.  Good inventory of high quality second hand goods Thanks for only charging the 5% restocking fee for the washer/dryer that luckily wasn't unloaded from the truck (percentage charged by visa?) as opposed to the usual 20%."  give them a shot. You will pay a little more but not much and much more convenient. A friend recommended them to me and I was very pleased." Still extremely happy with our new washer.  We bought our machine without even going into the store (I know that sounds crazy but it worked out)." Sure hope this isn't how they ordinarily conduct their business  just dropped off my stove that no one on the planet could figure out how to get it to work with propane and not only did it only cost me $70 but they did the work same day!  What else is there to say??  I am so pissed that I spent money to have 2 other people come out and take my money to leave me with a stove that still does not work.  I am such in a good mood that I dont have to get screwed anymore "I have been shopping here pre yelp and I must say over the last 15 years I have had nothing but excellent customer service and superior pricing. The sales people are honest and forthcoming about all new and used appliances they carry. My most recent experience was outstanding . Additionally I saved four hundred dollars compared to the place that advertises the lowest prices. They have a no pressure sales staff Scheduled an appt.  Called to follow up on day they were to show up and didn't have me down.  Should have listened to the other  yelp reviews...  was again there for a couple hours after realizing it was not able to be repaired.  Only charged me $25.  Really great guy.  The only reason I didn't use him this time was because I couldn't find his number.  Unfortunately  fast delivery and great service. Will buy again Amazing quality and service. The minute I walked in I was greeted by a professional and helpful staff member and helped me get my new washer and dryer. I had spent years with cehap products never knowing what to buy. Finally B&B came to the rescue and helped me get the best washer and save money. From the purchase to the delivery and installation I cannot say enough great things about B&B! We have had rental properties for 5 years and B& B is our go to for appliances and service. The employees are very helpful and knowledgable. Sometimes we buy new and some times we buy used. The employees have always been very helpful to help way out the pros & cons and make sure we get the best for our situation . I can't write a review without mentioning the great service dept. We have had nothing but great experience when we have needed something fixed and repaired. Great combination of new and refurbished stock. Easy to work with and prompt. Good business to business owner. Recommended  delivered timely. Love the warranty and prices. I would recommend them to anyone!"  they handled it well. Previous experience had all been 5 stars but it was a little frustrating dealing with a dishwasher that never worked. 4 stars We could not be happier and will continue to use them for all our appliance needs - they are the best." Outstanding service. Mike blessed us today and we hope we can return the favor and pay it forward. They will have our business for years to come. We were looking for a local business with heart and we found it!!!  and fridge all under $1300 and they were able to deliver the next day." I will be recommending this store to everyone I know who needs any new appliances"  and went out of his way to keep looking while we decided on a few details. Delivery and install went smoothly as well I can 100% guarantee that the next time I need to replace something I will be calling up B&B." I found B&B Appliance customer service and quality of appliances to be top notch!  I went in today to purchase a new microwave.  I found their pricing competitive to the big Box stores.  I will definitely buy from them again in the future. "When our washer crapped out we were dreading doing research and paying too much. Obviously went to B&B bc it's highly recommended and its in our hood! We were in and out in no time! This place is the way to go! Our guy was honest and super helpful. For $50 bucks they deliver and take away the old washer. So thankful for B&B! We didn't have to spend our Saturday shopping for washers  but AHS is great.  And definitely worth a visit."  there was Arizona Hiking Shack. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. They are very good at fitting their customers with the right gear. They make every effort to be sure that you have what you need and are prepared for your hike b-IWZuVd3f0GcbtetwG5WA  as they close earlier than larger retailers."  he explained to me why X shoe would be better for than Y shoe as well as helped me understand for the first time why i need an orthotic insert.  my feet are feeling GREAT!  i am so happy with them  go here!  Your choices are somewhat limited but they'll do their best to find something that works for you!" Patient and knowledgable folks who clearly love and use these products. They cherry-pick selections so you don't have to. Go here first and support local business. NOTE- After 40 years they are not on Cave Creek anymore. They moved down to Thomas."  they sell EVERYTHING you need for the outdoors except bikes. tons of rock climbing and mountaineering goods!" Very helpful. Knew exactly what I needed (a grappling hook) and pointed me in the right direction. I will use them again. Very nice.  kayaking and hiking/climbing equipment and attire. They have a huge selection of books and maps and their customer associates are knowledgeable and friendly who are also outdoor enthusiasts A nice shop with a silly policy. This shop seemed like a nice find but I had a bad experience. I went in to rent a climbing harness for a few days. I was charged $52. To a neophyte like me this seemed like a good deal but it would have been nice if the worker had told me that they sell better harnesses than the one I rented for less than the rental charge. When I went to return the harness I suggested that instead of being charged for the rental I buy a harness plus a locking carabiner and an ATC. They declined my offer and so I will be taking my business to REI in the future.  don't kid yourself and trust on-line salespeople and purchases.  Don't wander into REI. Instead "Excellent experience. My son is a new boy scout and in need of back packing gear. Judd was terrific. Patient with our questions and he had my son try on different packs and then loaded them with weight. Of the packs we looked at Stopped in to browse & was saying what a great store they had.  I hike often & have horses so I could have spent a lot of $ there. Have a friend looking for a kayak & asked a simple question about the used kayaks @ the front  ... The sales guy gave me a very condescending answer & chuckled. I will never go back & will spread the word!!   Thx  while still being ""in line"" to purchase boots. Maybe if the attendant said ""I will come find you when we're done"" or take a number."  every piece of hiking/climbing/backpacking gear I own is from this shop  glad you are still here !"  but be prepared to pay the price for it. If you're a serious outdoors enthusiast it may be worth it I was searching for a pair of Costa Sunglasses and located the Arizona Hiking Shack via Costa. These Amazing sunglasses are hard to find in Phoenix. Their selection of technical clothing was also impressive. True specialty shops are a rare find these days. I intend on supporting these professionals! Very friendly staff but not the best selection of gear and the price aren't the best. There are  better stores. I can't say enough about the quality of the staff... The best!" "Amazing this place stays in business given the owner's lack of customer service. I went in today looking for an Imlay Canyonero rope. After waiting around ~10 minutes the owner came to help me. He showed me an Imlay rope and I said ""that's a Canyonfire"" to which he replied ""I have no idea."" Then he started telling me about the differences between nylon and polyester rope and that the Canyonero is not a good rope for getting wet. I said I need the Canyonero it's the rope I want and it was designed to get wet. He left  biking and everything to do with trails b-IWZuVd3f0GcbtetwG5WA Well stocked hiking store with an interested I got greeted immediately when I walked into the store! The man helped me with exactly what I needed and exactly what I was looking for. He was very knowledgeable with his product! I really appreciate the great service and how genuine he was when he help me out today! I will be back for sure! Everyone here was pretty helpful and knowledgeable about hiking trails. Would definitely come back here to rent or buy equipment. Thank you so much! I look forward to breaking-in my new Scarpas!" They don't open until 10am though so don't show up too early!"  super friendly super knowledgeable and really love what they do. They have a great amount of options for gear and although they are a little on the pricey side I'd much rather support a local business where you have knowledge sales people who are really passionate about what they do." After looking at rei and champs we stumbled on this place on a hunch to get hiking boots. We were not only surprised by the help but they supplied us with routes and just genuine help.. These guys are great and I'd highly recommend anyone who is serious about hikingor outdoor activities to go here. Cheaper rental rates and overall amazing support.. These guys don't just work here they love the outdoors as well.. You won't regret going here..  thought I was going to get some hiking boots for a Oregon trip and didn't know much about them. After going to Rei and another sporting goods store we found this on a whim and got not only amazing boots which I'm grateful for but got a great place for information and service. They not only explained the boots but offered maps to hike in the area and gave their full attention to us the entire time with no hassles. We also rent a tent from this location which they showed how it worked and answered all of our questions. Very cool place Incredible product selection if camping/hiking/being outside is your thing. Over the moon smart employees who really know their stuff. The team is there to help you  friendly and fun staff. Places like this make me love and want to support small business. If they do not have it Great place to get gear.  40 plus years of rope rescue and spending long periods of time in the mountains. You will be steered to the right gear for the best price.  helpful and beyond patient. Very relaxed vibe when you walk in. Not at all intimidating. I rented hiking poles two weeks ago. The rental price was incredibly affordable. Unfortunately  how heavy a pack do I carry and where did I intend to use the new shoes along with a variety of ther questions. He recommended an OBOZ shoe (which was not one of my options at the time). He even provided me with the sock I was to use. He measured my foot and found I was a size 8.5 instead of 8. After trying them on and changing the lacing to accommodate my heel I loved the shoe and bought it on the spot. He did provide another shoe to try to see if it was better but it was not. I have been hiking in the new shoe and I could not be happier." I wait here to rent a backpack for a weekend hiking trip and they were so helpful. They get you the right size tell you where to pack things and even give tips for whatever hike you were doing. Dano and Jack helped me safe my life. Long story.... next time I need saving again I will so totally find them wherever they are on this planet that's how amazing they are keep up the good work men you turn me into a badass survivalist woman. pCvl0km6v3Imcpq5UV_-UQ "There is a really large selection of different plants and trees. Half of them aren't labeled or priced. So unless you know exactly what you're looking for you may need to grab a worker... if you can find one. Aside from the cashier the only worker I saw was in the parking lot. I enjoyed walking around and looking at the wide variety of plants but I couldn't help but notice that every nook and cranny was stuffed with random crap. Every turn had revealed more gardening tools and materials  I'll head to Whitfill Nursery. For now I'm happy living in my concrete jungle with no plants to water. That's all for now. Time to sort paper clips and unjam the stapler." This was our second time buying from them - I would go back and also highly recommend them."  so this place could be crap. But the selection here was massive and I was pretty impressed. One of the owners even helped me find a host gift for friends I was staying with and gave me care instructions. Probably a bit pricier than the box stores  etc. The staff has always been super helpful and they also have gift certificates available."  in which some old shrew w/ no customer service skills refused to hang up her personal phone call and put through our transaction w/o so much as two words to me.  Totally inappropriate and rude." When I called the nursery and told them what happened they said oh well! All the other nurseries guarantee their plants this place sells you diseased plants on purpose knowing you will be stuck with them. I used to go there all the time  walked around the yard with us and made recommendations. They actually did the install a day earlier than scheduled. The plants they delivered were as promised. All the correct sizes and in lovely condition. They have very competitive prices. After a couple of weeks everything they've planted is thriving and looking absolutely lovely. I highly recommend this nursery. Their staff is ethical We walked away with some very effective weed killer and now I know what all of the random things growing in my yard are!  Prices were fair Sure they have a lot of stuff and attractively presented in front  I've gone here a few times in the past during what I thought were normal business hours (Sunday afternoons?) and sometimes they've been open and sometimes they've been closed.  (and I mean between the hours of like 1 and 3 PM.)  Overall Four stars for now.  I'll tell you more when I know more." PRICEY! thats all! :-) Staff is very friendly but holy shit are they expensive! (Edit:  Apple tree died.)"  knowledgable staff. I've been popping in here for years and recently been buying trees. Really happy with the service and quality. Best local / central phx nursery :)" "Since moving to the valley we have been frequenting Whitfill Nursery for fixing up the house we bought.  They are always very friendly and helpful when I ask questions about the plants.  We have purchased an orange tree  and the run-around started. NOW they needed an invoice number (provided) and were supposed to call back. No call back. Called again to check; no call back. Called to complain--no call back. We've just given up "Best Christmas tree selection and the guys helping are so helpful and nice. They give a fresh cut and assist to the vehicle. Janis  cider. A nice fire with seats and blankets. Ecstatic that we decided to turn in and buy our first tree here!!!" "This is an update to my previous review. Whitfill saw the review and contacted me via Yelp to see what they could do to make us happy. Without too much more trouble husband and i went christmas tree shopping here.. now we are getting plants for bbackyard landscapping.. great collection of plants amd pretty good staff. this is my go to for landscapping and plants indoor or outdoor :) "This is a Magical Nursery! Most employees were friendly and what a beautiful place to go! Love the chickens  nice wide aisles with plentiful carts. Highly recommend."  root bound plants which they sell at high prices. I got tired of that and stopped at Whitfill. It's enormous and they know what works here in the desert and what doesn't. They made great suggestions and then had my properly marked and brought everything out and ""installed"" the plants beautifully. They did a great job - better than I would have done."  They are local and I love the idea that they keep the community in mind and its needs The employees are always friendly and helpful and they make up for the high prices. Either way I would still rather buy from Whitfill that WalMart or Home Depot." I have a lot of work to do in my central Phoenix backyard  even after I pointed out that we couldn't start buying plants until we knew what we were doing.  But I kept calling every week just to see if he'd ever admit that he wasn't going to do the plan.  Two months later:  no plan.  Buh bye We buy our holiday wreath from here because they offer different sizes and are very full." Just had whitfill nursery plant my whole yard. Their staff at the Glendale store are all very knowledgable and very professional. Their delivery crew are the very best. All five trees and bushes were delivered and planted with care and perfectionism.  So happy I choose whitfills The staff has been helpful! I have went on several occasions and always had very knowledgable service. I am already looking forward to going back. I have yet to kill the plants which is also thanks to them. I strongly recommend them!  but they didn't have very many small vegetables which I was looking for  and the guys who brought the trees for us to look at were nice as well  I comparison shopped at Moon Valley Nursery and I was happy to see that Whitfill definitely has better prices and larger trees for the same box size.  Moon Valley had very pretty looking mesquite trees (nice shape)  but did fall down to about a 45 degree angle and one of the stakes snapped.  I called the next day and Whitfill Nursery kindly agreed to come out within a few days and stand the tree back up and stake it again.  They came today (2 days after I first called) and added lots of stakes to get us through the rest of the monsoon season  I went back to request a new 15-gallon Hopbush for one I purchased back in March that did not make it through the summer. They were most helpful and offered to replace the sizable plant! Matt  to replace the stuff dying from Summerwinds and just more.  Funniest part of it was when I got my stuff up to the counter.  The person there was having a nice conversation with someone.  Finally I asked her who could ring me up.  She seemed a little surprised that I wanted to buy all the load of plants and things on the cart I brought to the counter?  Oh well.  I will go back there.  I had a better experience there than I have had in many years.."  even gifts at their adorable adobe cottage. They know their product and are helpful. My only recommendation for Whitfill would be - 1. Create seasonal larger hanging baskets with a variety of plants (I would buy these all the time - it's hard to find baskets that are big enough to not dry out quickly). 2. Make sure the service matches the prices. I am willing to pay for exceptional service and usually I get it. But occasionally you're off - nobody is perfect. I will continue to be a loyal customer and thank you for giving me a cool place to explore through every season."  but I purchase poinsettias for St. Agnes Church at Christmas and flowering plants at Easter.  We receive so many compliments about the beautiful plants. I can't say enough about the helpful staff and wonderful products. Thank you for all your help."  I have a yard.            Witfill has a wonderful selection of cacti and succulents at very reasonable prices. They are healthy as well. My partner and I always stop when we are in town. Usually we by something huge and prickly. Somehow it always fits.      This is also a great place to buy a Christmas tree or poinsettia during the holidays. 3years ago we stopped 15 minutes before closing on Christmas Eve for a tree. They not only found the perfect tree but through in free decorations and a few poinsettias.                                                   They have peacocks and goats too! I love Witfill because I know that year after year they will still have beautiful plants and great service." "Very knowledgeable staff..only nursery In town to seem to have indoor plants. Lots of choices and beautiful grounds..go see ""Georgia"" she was awesome"   Matt and Rosendo are GREAT.  Our neighbors tell us we have the best landscaping in the subdivision." "Been shopping there for over two years and love the place!  Knowledgeable and very helpful staff has really been a plus since we are new to the desert.   Very wide selection choices.  We've purchased roses  the hospitality industry and commercial and business accounts." Jf-FUvn6j86oPQhKNIHFJw  large planter pots to put outside our front door. We got a reasonable price and the folks who helped us were just plain nice people with whom to deal."  but I would evaluate the situation you're in before you recommend them to someone so you don't end up in the same predicament I am in." Nice people. Clean but cluttered aisles. Really? Not very coupon friendly. Moved to cvs.  the employees are a lot friendlier.  The Drive Thru can sometimes be a pain after work and sometimes you see homeless people in the parking lot but it's 24 hrs which is a plus." Cluttered but convenient - passport photos until 9:00pm. This walgreens is the closest to my place and this review is based on their pharmacy.  It is the absolute worst place to go and I seriously recommend this place to no one ever. It started Wednesday when I drop my prescription off at 9 in the morning and they told me it would be ready by 11. I never heard of any place taking 2 hours to fill a prescription I wasn't in the mood to drive around looking for place to fill it quicker so I said Ok I'll be back. I ran some errands and at 12 noon I went to go get my prescription there was 5 cars waiting outside so I went inside and there was a line of 6 people.  Never had I seen a place so packed for prescriptions so I waited and as I get to the Counter and give my name they said it would be another hour or so. I explained I had to get to work and that I was told to pick up at 11 and it was 12 and the pharmacist named Frank said he would get on top of it and it would be 10 to 15 minutes well he was getting tugged around everywhere as pharmacists usually do but as soon as he got to my script he would type for literally 20 seconds before someone said something that called for a pharmacist to explain what medications were for and have you taken this before and blah..blah.. blah after 30 minutes he finally gets me my prescription and I vowed to never go back they didn't care and probably hoped I was serious being that they have no shortage of customers. That was Wednesday mind you and today my girlfriend took our son to urgent care and he needed medicine for his ear infection and also his rash I was at work but she told me that the same thing happened to her except they forgot to fill the rash creme and told her it would be another hour she was livid because they told her 2 hours and she actually waited 3 hours before she went back because she had to get my son down for a nap being that he was fussy and tired and the same thing happened and they didn't have the prescription ready. We will NEVER return to this walgreens. I will drive an extra few miles to cvs or any other place besides walgreens. I highly recommend no one goes here but if you don't take my word for it I guarantee you will be highly disappointed. "Pharmacy is terrible. The are slow and disorganized with poor customer service. I use them rarely  always trying to help you find something.. Better to be bothered with an offer to help than be ignored! Great service." I give this pharmacy the worst ratings. No customer service. The pharmacy tech thinks his God. He didn't help us. During my whole visit. I seen him be disrespectful to a veteran. He too was in pain. No remorse what so ever. Don't go to this pharmacy. A total of 3 hrs waiting. Never got the medicine my husband needed. Don't go there. Unless you want to be disappointed." Will go anywhere but here."  they don't. I'm now about to take my kids to the emergency room because the pharmacy said they are too busy to fill it. Read the reviews you idiots. Fix your pharmacy staff or enjoy the lawsuits. Second time you have harmed my kids. I will never make this mistake again and will drive to avoid you fools." 59 minutes and I'm walking out the front door. I feel so free!!!!" Would rate zero if I could.   Stopped in today and waited 5 minutes at the checkout counter and no one was there.   Not sure if anyone was even working.   Finally left and left the products I was going to purchase sitting on the counter.   Neve going to step foot inside this store again.  you need to go to the other location"". When I asked to see a manager he rudely told me he was the manager and I should know that because his vest is special color. Avoid this location at all costs." The pharmacy techs are extremely rude and not willing to help. They just act like I'm some crazy person. I am not on Medicaid or anything like that. I have a job and private health insurance that costs an arm and a leg. I can't even get my medication because they are NOT doing their job." "Idk about the reviews. It's like every other Walgreens I've ever been in. You always expect to wait 30 minutes for meds of you wait for them but so nice to get meds ant time of day. It's that way everywhere "This location brings ineptness and mediocrity to new levels. There is an issue ever time a script is filled. My most recent experience was with an antibiotic script. My doctor faxed it an hour earlier; I stopped in on my way home to see if it was ready. They claimed they never received it. I called my doctor and they had confirmation that it had been received at this location an hour earlier but offered to resend it to them  in the proper spot for easy locating. The woman in the department (Bonnie) was very helpful locating merchandise I had dental surgery today.  I dropped off my prescription and was told it would be ready in an hour.  I am siting in line with a throbbing tooth 2 hours and 20 minutes later.  Not real happy. If I could give a zero I would this is the third time I've been in to pick up a medication and have had to wait more than and hour for a medicine pickup. There always seems to be an issue with every single customer. You wait in line for 40 minutes to drop off your prescription and then another hour to pick it up after its finished. This is a Mickey Mouse club house in here. Not normally a Walgreen user. I had to go to a 24 hr pharmacy. My prescription was 135.00 . I didn't have coverage for prescriptions and the pharacist had a coupon that brought my drug down to 24.00. Frys has never done that for me. Sunday nite Jan 10th around 9pm. Don't remember the man's name. He was extremely helpful  the Pharmacy staff seems constantly confused by the simplest requests My fiance just left the ER and came to this location to fill his prescription.  He has been here before.  He had never had an issue before.  Today he had an issue.  The lady at the pharmacy was extremely rude and told him he couldn't get his pain meds because he didn't have an AZ drivers liscence! What BS is that! He went down the street to CVS...much better pharmacy services there. Long story short I got prescribed medication the other day around 4:00pm and the lady told me that won't be ready til about 6-630pm. Already red flag because back in Ohio  don't assume that I'm standing there because I am I part of the passport family who is Indian and I also happen to look brown. I'll pass on coming back here in the future." Such a nice family owned shop.  They do a great job fixing jewelry. "I wish I had the ability to post a negative star but I guess one will have to suffice. Please do yourself a favor and run These folks were very accomodating and friendly. I came in to buy my ladyfriend a watch. They helped pick one out and even price matched another vendor to ensure I got a competitive deal. Joe was most helpful and friendly. Thanks again! The BEST customer service in town. Friendly and helpful staff took their time to help me find just what I was looking for even though they were minutes from closing for the night. I will definitely be back! They also have an ADORABLE poodle (Chloe) who is so sweet and well behaved My watch needed a new battery so I yelped on my way home from the market and Towne Jeweler popped up as my nearest location. Everyone there were so friendly and my watch battery cost $15.80. It was a Michael Kors watch so I'm not sure if they charge less or more for different brands but that was a good deal! They also have a 1 year warranty which is awesome. I would definitely come back again if I ever needed anything. :) "I just picked up my reset diamond today.  It's outstanding. The friendliest jewelry store I've ever been in and they have incredible quality and fair prices.  Having moved to the area after using the same jeweler for twenty years If you are at all hesitant about visiting a jeweler I just want to say my experinece and purhcase was and amazing one. Staff is always friendly and helpful. Joseph Sanseverino helped me. He is the man. Very pationate and caring. Made my buying of diamond earings experience enjoyable and pleasing. They where for my sweetheart. She loved them. My roomate also goes to Towne Jewelers and asks for Jo. I give you my word and promise your experience and purchase will be an enjoyable and pleasent one at Towne Jewelers. I will be making all my jewelry purchases from them.  Quality jewelry  customer oriented jewelers with superb personal service this is the place you want to be. The owners Frances and Joe could not be more pleasant. Their entire staff at the store are always pleasant and enjoyable to deal with. I wish more businesses would approach their customers in the way that Towne Jewelers does: treat your customers fairly and with respect in a pleasant way and they will come back and tell others about their exceptional experience!"  they are closed for 2 weeks." "All of your lamp repair needs!  I recently started using them to rewire lamps and fixtures.  If there are ANY odd parts you can't find for your lamps this is THE place you will find them.  Place is loaded loaded with older lamp parts!  They are a little growly at times I would suggest this place to anyone looking for any lighting repair or parts. Even if you can get what you need at the big box store I highly recommend this shop! They went out of their way to fix my unique lamp that required extensive repairs & still kept it within my budget. They are very honest & have integrity in their work. A very pleasant find. I can't say enough good things about them! We saw some very negative reviews and wanted to make certain that we share our very positive experience. Nyla & Dave"  found what i needed quickly and i was on my way. Seemed pricey for a piece of glass but then... nobody else in town had it! Service was friendly and they even handed me a tape measure/flashlight/bottle opener on my way out which i will keep in the car."  too.  This is a one stop shop for anything to do with lighting. And it will be done correctly.  Nuff said."  and if you need something that they have go for it...just make sure that you clearly understand which return policy they're using that day." Time to shut down & retire old broad." Very friendly customer service! Extremely helpful! Love this place! Repaired several of our lamps! So happy we found this place!  did good work and sometimes didn't even charge for teaching me how to do my own repair!"   so I went back and actually brought in a chandelier to see how much it would be to rewire.  They were again very rude and unhelpful and told me it would be too expensive and not worth it  I saw no one.. And I mean no one.. For a good 15 minutes! I wandered the aisles in need of a rubber stamp pad to fit into my stationary monogram .. Up and down the aisles.. Again. Finally!! Yay! There's another human life amongst me..& he took me to my stamp area. Check out was odd.. The girl was umboxing supplies on the check out area..& her manager acted like I just may be bothering their task for wanting to pay... Ok.. Get me outta here..no one obviously uses monograms on stationary .. Except me."  I would bet by the time you read this review that this location is closed."  one of the employees was very combative and actually enjoy giving me a hard time. What should have taken one day took 3. I do not recommend this location for any of your technical needs."  I don't think it will break on you but it's not a good one"". Last thing a sales person should ever tell a customer. I think the staff here needs refresher training in product knowledge and customer service skills. Oh well.... There's always stapled."  I'd quickly pick up the ink cartridges---I had purchased cartridges earlier this year from Amazon for $27 and Office Max charged $77!!  Needless to say I had to buy the cartridges from Office Max-from now on will order my cartridge sets from Amazon even if I don't need them immediately." It's too bad they aren't any nicer to customers. It's always empty and their prices need to be more competitive. There are so many simple things that could have happened to not make this visit a horrible experience. Office Max 0PMs2OgT2sTIJrQcxienVg We could not be happier with what Desert Gardens did for us. We completely relandscaped front and back and (much to my surprise) added a waterfall that we just love. They were incredibly adaptable and their follow up excellent. Our place looks fabulous!! A great experience! I live in CA and travel here at least one a year for pots!  They have an amazing and unique selection and are always bringing in new stock.  Well worth your time to check them out!  helpful and full of knowledge. I'm going back in the next couple of days to purchase more product! The lady with the hat? was so helpful and created a beautiful planter for my outside patio table today! I'm so bad Desert Gardens is on the west side of Cave Creek  after leading me to believe that Jenny would supervise the installation Desert Gardens sent a bunch of unsupervised workers to do the job who didn't speak English.  I believe that over the three week course of installation Jenny showed up maybe two or possibly three times. No one addressed the problems.  No one followed through.  If they had been hands on and had been around to supervise I visited there because of the special on Groupon and close to home. The salesman was appox. 20 dollars off  of what the 100 dollars the Groupon was valued when questioned he said he would give the difference in a bag of mulch. Well the mulch wasn't tagged and I felt 17 dollars was a bit much so I took something else. Most plants are overpriced and limited to desert. I won't be back even with 75 per cent off. Unless you are on the hunt for some particular rare cactus to fill your collection Highly recommend the place for good plants  truly concerned about getting a frame that fits well and looks good. They also told me when the frames didn't look good...this let me know I could trust them because they didn't try to sell me the most expensive frame in the store. They genuinely wanted me to be happy with my selections. The frames are not the same as you'd find in other stores "The Village Eye Works is by far the best place to get unique and high-quality glasses!  Steph and Bob only carry the best brands and provide unparalleled customer service; I haven't bought glasses at another store for the last ten years and I haven't lived in Phoenix since 2004 - I make it a point when I'm in town to get glasses from them!  You will get honest feedback about what fits your face from true professionals! Prices are on the high side  Ann and Steph. I visited the location on 7th and Bob was very knowledgeable and helpful without being pushy. Could not decide so left without purchasing glasses. Went to three other shops and ended up at his store on Tatum Blvd several days later. Ann was very patient and I think we went thru  the entire store before finding my perfect frame.  Both Bob and Ann offered their opinions on the different frames that I tried which was very helpful. I would definitely recommend the boutique to anyone looking for great service coupled with higher end frames. My friend also ended up purchasing a pair of Maui Jim sunglasses. Great selection "Just purchased my favorite glasses ever from the Village eye works. The staff was awesome at helping me to find the best frames for my face. They have unbelievable costumer service. The selection is top of the line and always the latest unique styles. Tisha was my consultant but Bob Not big of a store but very well organized. Nice and helpful staff.  but the bathroom is DISGUSTING! (See Photos)" Usually will let me price-match products with OfficeMax and/or any online advertising companies.  Great friendly employees too!  the employees are misinformed and really don't care. I spoke to the manager and even he agrees. Another sign how corporate America is dropping the ball and losing customers to online sales." Anyways get your office supplies here..."  but after they messed up too many orders and one of the salesmen ordered me around I have up.... So then started coming here and thought everything would be better. NOPE! How is it that my orders ALWAYS get messed up or incomplete. Only reason I keep going here is because when it is done right they look amazing. So for now I will deal with Picked up a replacement backup drive (and future e-waste) while I was there.  Piece of cake!" I am surprised that it is still open...for now."  want some toys for your kids (the dollar bins are always ravaged by happy kids)  this place will likely bring up some position memories of yesterday."  Marvel and super hero toys etc. I being a huge star wars toy collector was quite impressed with the selection of vintage figures and accessories the store had. It was also nice to see fairly reasonably priced items on many toys that are not so common to see these days. I thought Toy Anxiety could have had a little better selection of newer Star Wars figures and been more negotiable with the prices. Overall I would def visit again next time in the Phoenix area. 90/100 Duke it!" One of the things I love most about this place; There are a few plastic chests of drawers full of $1 toys They did have some truly collectable pieces behind the counter for the big bucks but I am not into that at all.  Most of their items were very reasonably priced.  They even had used toys in bargain bins.  I got a ziplock bag full of dinosaurs for my nephews for just a dollar.  You can't beat that.  They did have gift cards available so that was a big plus  helpful and knowledgable. I have gone to many toy shops in Oklahoma ( from there was just visiting the Phoenix area) and none of them can hold a candle to what this shop offers in all of the areas of available stock This place is awesome. Just bought a loose super powers darkseid. Will def be back for more. Lots of loose figures. Great prices and friendly staff. This place is an unbelievable find. I love taking my young sons (4 and 7) just so we can all play with the Transfomers. If you are a toy collector (like hours truly) or just want to step back into the golden years of cool toys I highly recommend this place. Staff is great too.  rare and cool toys!  Staff was nice and friendly which makes a world of a difference!  I will definitely be going back for more....Thanks Toy Anxiety!" Awesome store! My best friend loves Star Wars and loved this store. Lots of Star Wars collection!! Staff was very friendly and helpful. I will be back again soon!  there was something from my childhood that brought back some fun memories. What makes this store even better is that it's so so so organized and the staff is super friendly. Definitely looking forward to checking out new inventory when I visit AZ again."  and just about every other genre action figure you want and need. great staff I've come in several times to buy and trade and I am immensely satisfied with the service and definitely the ample variety of outstanding toys available." This store has a large selection. They however try to sell broken toys. I tried to talk to the manager about a mark down and he was very rude and said one thing then walked away. I will not be coming back! This is such a fun place!!  They take trade in's and pay for old collectibles. Such a cool store. All sorts of toys and collectibles. I traded some toys in for store credit and thought I got what they are worth. They had some really cool horror collectibles that I got some new some used. The owner is really nice and helpful. I would recommend this store to any collector. Be prepared to nerd out hardcore."  even as I was checking out I noticed more stuff. The two main things I noticed that struck my interest was sideshow and funko. I even found sideshow statues from around 2010. The people working their were also very nice and willing to cut you a deal if you buy multiple things. I recently moved here and I look forward to coming back again!"  and you know how I like a free 'droiding :-)" "Sold me the world's worst phone without telling me the Droid was comming out in 2 weeks. Stuck with a Samsung SEGA for another 6 months. Does all tech stuff great. Sucks as a phone. Can't hear a86O40QjwMxqaQYo9ZBM3Q  I'd go so far as to suggest I hate them - but the service here as actually outstanding from the moment I walked in the door until the time I left.  Worked with a young man named Preston who set up my new phone  and they even gave us a discount for our patience along with a pretty substantial discount for the phones we were turning in. Juan was the manager that night and he was fun "The customer service at this place is awful. I waited for 15 minutes before I was put on a waiting list to wait even longer. Then on the waiting list  terrible customer service. Wanted nothing to do with me since all I needed was a phone case. Probably could have upgraded my phone. Camelback location here I come."  kind and efficient. My new iPhone had to be ordered. When it came in I went back to Verizon to have it activated and set up. I asked specifically for Khloe. Again she was very friendly and knowledgeable and made the normally dreaded experience a pleasant one!" Horrible customer service. They seem to not understand the concept of a customer service desk for simple returns and exchanges and non-accounts related questions. All it takes is one customer service rep to be dedicated for minor small issues. The rest of the longer process questions can go through the normal process but find a way to get the quick ones out faster. This is just common sense waiting an hour in order to process a minute exchange was ridiculous.  but you guys went from being my favorite store to me just making my purchase from Amazon online. Your smart mouth sales person at the door "I've had some problems in the past with this place's  customer service but I went here the other day and its improved but there is still a long way to go. I was expecting to wait around 20 minutes to be helped but I was helped in about 10 minutes. Even though I was at the store for 3 hours My husband and I both upgraded and received great customer service from JR. We went to upgrade his phone and then upgraded mine because it was so fast. Great service :)  he said go ahead and that the new company would be able to take over our numbers!  Wow.  The funny thing is when i called the main Customer Service center about another issue i had with this store a couple of weeks ago they told me this store sucks and they get so many complaints about it.  I suggest if you want to stay with Verizon to pick a different store." We waited for over an hour and a half for associate Gina to stop smacking her gum and flirting with customers just to get a replacement phone that we had already ordered. She was so dumb and did not seem like she knew what she was doing. Kept walking away when we needed answers to questions and gave us two wrong customer service numbers. Super unimpressed and aggravated with the service we got. Makes us think twice about having this phone service. Too many problems with this store to list and I'm not the only one! The reviews speak for themselves. POOR SERVICE AT BEST!"  answered the phone and told me to just come into the store instead because he couldn't promise that my In store pick would be ready but the store could process a new order. I was very irritated as I had gone through the entire checkout process but needed to catch a flight so rushed over to the store. I waited for 20 minutes before Greg came to assist me. I told him I knew exactly what I wanted so this should be quick. He returned with my new phone and a screen protector which I never even asked for and he added it on to my transaction as if I had to purchase it. After he input my account info he asked for a signature which at that point I asked what insurance he selected. He never asked me and again defaulted to what he thought I should have. I said please change it to the one I wanted. He began loudly questioning me as to why I didn't want the coverage he selected. I was beyond irritated at this point and rolled my eyes at his aggressive behavior. At that point he lost his mind and started yelling at me that I would be without a phone with my insurance for 3 days and  made a comment about me rolling my eyes. It was actually scary  pushy and exspensive.  Sadly they have the best cell coverage around."  and he was so helpful and friendly that I felt compelled to write a review. I would venture to say that in all the years I've been going to Verizon for my cell services  change from the two year contract to the new Verizon 6 GB plan and I want to have $300 credited towards our purchase for the new phones OR I'll accept a statement credit. That's it."  some thing are good and some things need work. The managers in this store are fast food employees that need to be taught that we  it's a high pressure commission based environment.   Once they have your money and you under contract they could care less about helping you with anything.  Tech Supprt at 611 is worthless for any real problems and they send you to a store to sell you stuff you don't need.  Verizon sucks but they are all pretty much the same." Verizon has to do something about the morons supposedly managing this store. I agree with the comment made earlier that they are fast food caliber at best. When I asked the manager for his name he literally took his hand and hid his name - too afraid to let me know. The good news is everyone saw the kind of 'disservice ' they deliver at this store.  Customers and staff alike. Avoid this place if at all possible. 2 trips; 2 nightmares. "I went in yesterday to trade in my phone for a new iPhone 6S Plus.  Ali helped me (with backup from Theresa the manager).  The team work in the store was evident with the manager backing people up.  Ali was competent I won't be renewing my contract." "great customer service by Troy. We moved from a blackberry to a galaxy S7 and Troy was very helpful explaining everything and the new plan we qualified for is GREAT! Part of the plan includes a Samsung tablet  as I will still return for more abuse in the future." Great customer  service. Omar was very nice and helpful. They  took their time and helped me with the purchase  of my phone. I would definitely  recommend  them. "Every time...every time we get a new smartphone (we have five on our plan) something gets screwed up.  Last time it screwed up my husbands work email when I got a new phone (go figure) and made him look bad for his clients who contact him via email.  Lots of time wasted figuring out what was going wrong.  This time  but the work is top notch. Cheap is not one of the adjectives I look for when searching for a tool that may someday be used to defend myself or my loved ones." I've recently picked up a new Colt Combat Commander and I'm already planning on taking it to Nelson for some work." And yes like one writer said we can feel stupid around him  quality work and has been doing it for 36 years. He's the kinda guy that I would love to have a cigar and a couple scotches with and shoot the sh*t (no pun intended) I'm sort that some others don't feel this way but my experience was nothing but great." Great location. Very friendly staff and pharmacy. Small town store feel with big store name. My kids and I are ALWAYS here for something!" Still great store overall. Very helpful staff"  organized store.  The woman working in the cosmetic section was a bit bored and wanted to talk "Nice and close however the pharmacy can be ridiculously slow Went through the drive thru pharmacy the past two times. Had to wait at least 30 minutes both times. Where else can you go and look at nothing but pots?  This place beats the heck out of going to Home Depot when working on your container gardening.  You might find exactly what you want.  You might just bring your camera and take a picture of yourself with the sign." Wow! I won't be going here. I called to ask a simple question about whether they carry an item and was treated like I was stupid because I don't know the details of their business or what kind of inventory they carry. If this is how they treat their potential customers on the phone I'm afraid I won't be one of them. If I could give no stars I would!!"  I would have stayed longer to buy more. I want to go back alone next time to shop to my heart's content. I absolutely love this pot world shop! I received friendly service. No complaints. I had a great experience with the items and the one person working there. I am super happy with all the items I got. The prices are not cheap or super expensive. It's reasonable." Pot world is now OPEN. Found everything I was looking for after searching the county and Sedona area. I asked for a discount and they gave me 10%. Unless there's an event or special launch (book an appointment for these free make-overs - not to miss!) someone is almost always available to provide you with a makeover or at the very least dkp49eYgIN8iqWcQDvqYmg  but being from Boise I wasn't sure what type of service I would receive here at Paradise Valley Mall. Employees are super helpful here! My sister-in-law got her makeup done here for her wedding I was very disappointed with my face when she finished.  I looked like I was going clubbing.  In ancient Egypt.  Even when I go clubbing I have never felt so uncomfortable at a Mac store before. Usually the girls are very nice and helpful. Here they will make it blatantly obvious that they don't want to be bothered. Don't waste your time.. Go to another store. Incredible Service!! I recently came in to have my make up done for a special event and I highly recommend JESS!! she was great! I have never seen a more perfect and even cat-eye;) I'm very happy with my cosmetic purchases and the entire staff was so friendly. Go check them out! There is a huge print service station in the back and plenty of employees to help out with anything. Check out was super quick as there were three cashiers open and ready for a customer. Oh and I found out "I think I am really going to be utilizing this location quite a bit over the next year for ink for my new Brother printer I purchased on Black Friday. Living Social had a great deal for Office Max today for example for 10 bucks you get 20 bucks toward Ink and Toner. The staff is very friendly.....and there were several on staff today due to the Black Friday rush. However with that being said I think they are always courteous and nice despite Black Friday and I will keep you updated if that changes because like I said I will probably be seeing them a lot in the future. They have Ink and Toner for just about any printer......all-in-one.....whether it be laser....inkjet....and I believe they do refills but I will have to double check on that. The prices are very good....however I probably will give Amazon.com a shot first because they have some very good deals on my ink as well. If I don't want to wait however for it to be shipped to me....it is nice to know I can walk to office max and get some in a pinch.....and for a decent price. Eat  unfortunately..."" then this is the store for you. I needed something at the ""print center"" and they just couldn't be bothered. It was all about what they couldn't do. Believe me  and we have one person to check is out! I see 4 other workers just standing around and no incentive to help out! Will not return to this place  but not nearly enough staff for a Sunday!! No one greeted me and I had to stand in line as if I was ready to pay in order to get some assistance and they didn't carry the Zebra brand highlighter refills I was looking for...at least the guy didn't think so?!?! Not very knowledgeable staff!" I was in the store looking for a new laptop  while a employee stared  at me from 10 feet away.  Creepy!  and might give you ideas.  But so far I haven't found anything that inspired me to plunk my money down.  Perhaps my house just isn't quite eclectic enough.  Definitely fun to look through though  but once in a while you can get lucky and find exactly what you are looking for at a reasonable price.  The owners are nice.  Unpretentious." "Drove by and decided to take a look. I did find two lamps that went with my master bedroom set quite nicely. Although i assumed that the price that was tagged were for both lamps We stumbled upon this place after checking out the used furniture store next door. They have a lot of great stuff! They're super helpful and friendly. We bought 5 pieces around 11am and they delivered them at 4pm the same day! Great prices too. Will definitely go back!  and some pretty cool wall art.  After we had fun looking at all the stuff and I mentioned I would have to be careful with my peacock because I was flying back to Vegas "What a wonderful store. The gentleman that was there was SUPER friendly and nice. The selection sure is Eclectic and I loved it. My budget is almost nothing  etc.  I bought a high end designer chair there for under $100.  I love it and I'm definitely putting this store on my rotation! :)" WxEe7i-BZUcaGzO1E1vNhg Couldn't recommend them more whole-heartedly."  it's certainly not something you want to dismiss due to competition. We were looking for quality over quantity and thought Brandenburg could provide something more. Truly a disappointing experience."  work with you to make sure you understand your equipment and do the repairs and / or improvements as promised.  If there is an issue following a visit  and design so that I might make informed purchases. They brought sample surfaces and pavers to my home and escorted me to completed projects and stone yards to assist me in selecting the appropriate pool surface and decking. The contract was well elucidated and fair; I felt confident from the onset of the remodel that my project was in good hands. The work schedule went exactly as communicated and without delay "My regular pool guy was swamped after several monsoons (pun intended) and he recommended Brandenburg. My pool was going green fast after 5 days no pump. Janet got me on the list and Robert came out two days later. I couldn't be present but felt safe because Robert arrived within the scheduled time frame "Excellent experience with Brandenberg Pools. Designed and installed new spa with significant hardscape work throughout the backyard. Dave and his team were great to work with. They coordinated with our landscape contractor to create a well conceived We would recommend them unequivocally. They are a class act and real professionals. I only wish that there were others in other trades who were as good."  but also contributed ideas we hadn't even thought of and presented an artist rendering that allowed us to visualize the finished concept.  Dave and Pam held our hand during the entire process and delivered the finished product we were looking for.   If you're looking for quality work backed by integrity  having moved here recently from the Northeast. We were complete novices and the personal attention that Dave's smaller firm provides was key. Team Brandenburg could not have been more patient and professional. They helped design and coordinate the entire outdoor living area  I can say without hesitation that Brandenburg Pool and Outdoor is THE BEST pool contractor in the Valley! Look no further! They consistently demonstrate attention to detail with a relentless pursuit for the highest level of quality that always provides the ultimate level of customer service!"  who quickly scheduled to have someone come to my house within hours.  Since there had been a misunderstanding with the initial appointment scheduling  Jason who was on-site assisted to ensure the progress and fix anything that was necessary.  From start to finish our pool was completed in under four weeks!  We got to use it this week for the first time and my kids absolutely loved the baja shelf they installed!  If you want solid workmanship and a company that genuinely cares Helpful staff! This is what I like to see!!! Love the selection and the staff was very great in helping me and my Auntie find what we needed :D  and everywhere I looked was fully stocked. My only complaint is that the store is small and has so much product. Customers tend to ""hog"" an area so you can barely get by or grab what you want. It's strange! The woman ringing me out was really cool  which is nice because the two Sally's store closest to me are really far apart.  I also find that the staff here is more friendly and willing to help you with any questions you might have while also letting you do your own thing. I've noticed that they also have a pretty decent selection of Gelish nail colors  valuable piece of advice to keep in mind going forward: BE NICE TO YOUR CUSTOMERS.  THEY'RE THE ONLY REASON YOU HAVE A JOB." I came into this Sally's at 8:30pm (30 minutes before they close) because of a coloring Catastrophe. The two girls working rolled their Eyes when they saw a customer had entered the store. They Were already counting the drawer as if it were 5 min. Till close. I had questions And was Ignored even though there was no one else in the store. My roots were the same color as Ronald McDonald's for pete's sake!! Ladies help me out here!!!?? I love Sally's but this location really let me down.  educated and do know what to suggest. Their cashier Ashley is absolutely wonderful and helped me a great deal. The only downside is that store is small and tends to get crowded at times."  but it came with a frown. It seemed like they were annoyed that I interrupted their conversation and they didn't want to pause for me. Someone came in after me and got the same response. They went to ask the girls a question about hair and didn't really get a good answer. One of the girls led them to hair care "I have been to this location several times - it is my preferred location due to the staff being so great. I live across the street from one on the other side of Bell and prefer to drive an extra few minutes to this location. The girls at the other location are snooty and rude and I hate dealing with people who have no business working in customer service. My recent trip was the cherry on top;  I was greeted immediately by Ashley and Ashlynn. They were handling inventory but they made sure to check on me every few minutes as I browsed "Baker Bros ROCKS!!!  Needed new flooring.  Went to Baker Bros.  Richard helped us find EXACTLY what we wanted.  Richard took METICULOUS measurements so the order was correct.  Alex and crew arrived to install sheet vinyl and LVT (luxury vinyl tile -- which is VERY COOL STUFF!).  Everything was done professionally and courteously.  These guys knew their stuff -- the install crew of three had 35 years of experience among them.  Without a doubt "We ordered carpet for the whole house last year but could not get it installed until this year because I was recouperating from spending a month in the hospital. The installers show up on Monday and start putting down padding and I noticed its two different brands and we had paid a lot extra for upgraded pad so after several calls one guy leaves and has to pick up new padding. When he comes back it is still two different pads and all they said was it's the same (they spoke very little English). We also were charged for moving the furniture Scream and yell in your show room? Wow. You guys are liars too. That's wonderful." Horrible customer service. I was quoted a price on flooring over the phone and even met with the salesman in the showroom who confirmed the same tile and price. When it got closer to filling the paper work they doubled the price and gave me no explanation as to why. I will never buy nor recommend this company to any of my friends or family. "Dr.Ric Rios is the best;  he has prescribed contacts and glasses for me and my family for many years. I just wish the office  wasn't so far away from my frequent destinations. It would also be great to see if he has more updated frames My family has been going to PV Eyecare for many years. We have never had any issue with the staff or Dr. Rios who is the best! Appointments are flexible and prices are competetive. This is a no pressure place- unlike other places. You can buy your frames/contacts  there or they will give you your prescription and you can go elsewhere. I am not familiar with any of the other doctors that are there but if you need a great eye doctor- try Dr. Rios.  especially to those who have eye insurance coverage.  I think the office is ran very competently and very efficiently."  have never had quite the success in fitting a contact lens. I have a hard lens in the right eye and a hybrid in my left. The hybrid has me seeing better than 20/20 out of it. AMAZING! I will soon have a hybrid put into my right has well. The only regret  but he was able to determine the perfect brand. I agree with several of the other posters regarding the facility being a bit dated and the office staff not always being the most professional and pleasant; however  horrible customer service and a place I highly recommend on not using. The office had several opportunities to show great customer service in all of my times that I went back to the office-but they severely failed every time!" I will never recommend this to anyone!"  and called it $200.  Deal with it.  Why doen't $200 cover for a glasses script?  What lobbyist out there wanted a STATE LAW to renew eyeglass scripts annually?  Can you say ""Special Interests""???  Blackmail?  Where do you see blackmail? That statement about blackmail alone makes me think you are wacko.  I got my lenses duplicated and that is perfectly within the law of the State of Arizona to do so.  I am completely satisfied with my new glasses and I see great.  Thanks for your concern about the health of my eyes Easy to find. The staff was friendly. They had all the necessary equipment on sight to do any exams/tests needed. Dr Hollenbach was great and explained every test and my results with me as we went through them. I would recommend Paradise Valley Eye Care to anyone!:)  courteous and professional.  They do seem a bit expensive for glasses  then why make the appointments in the first place???? And even then they couldn't give me another date that would work with me. I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE. THEY ARE UNRELIABLE! !!"  were really nice and professional. The reason I am giving them three stars is because I was told by my optometrist that paying for my high index lenses in my prescription (-10.00/-8.50) would not be worth the cost. I appreciate that she didn't push the sale  even pointed out and old scar on my eye that I had never been alerted to previously! Didn't get the actual hardware there (kinda pricey). Would recommend to anyone!" The second pair came in a few days later...from initial appointment to final pickup  I call (almost a month after ordering my eyeglasses) to inquire about my eyeglass order and they refuse to return my calls.  I want to like/recommend them 7hmTTGJHKfAw82uT4kIxvQ  it has been found at its earliest stages. My previous optometrist just wanted to get me out the door and buy some glasses. Guess that's the difference between going to a national chain and a private clinic. They also have gone above and beyond to make sure I am happy with my experience. They were very patient with me when I was having a very hard time finding the perfect frames. Thanks to their help and many suggestions I found them! Unfortunately when I got my lenses  if you can get them to wait on you. The customer service for adjustments is terrible.  It more often than not I just give up and leave rather than wait. Today I stopped by at a few minutes before 2:00 and signed in for an adjustment. Both techs were wandering in and out off the floor to the back room but I sat patiently waiting for someone to call me and get it taken care of. 15 minutes became 30 as I sat all by myself because no other customers were there and at 35 minutes I got up and walked out the door. The two ladies sitting at the front desk watching me this whole time (who also checked me in) not only watched me leave without my adjustment but told me to have a nice day. I want to give my business to someone who wants my business. It's clearly time to just go elsewhere and get new glasses that actually fit." "Dr Rios is the best. I've been his patient for over 5 years. I have really really bad astigmatism and my eyes have been difficult to work with. Growing up I've had to wear hard contacts which they are painful to wear (especially in Arizona). Any eye Dr. before coming here wouldn't be able to get my perception with astigmatism to fit soft contacts. I was always told no and turned down by prior eye Dr's. My eyes are so bad I can't even have lasik eye surgery. Another eye Dr. referred me here and said Dr. Rios will for sure be able to help you. Dr. Rios was determined to figure out a solution and fit me into soft contacts. After months and patience on both sides he was able to not only work with my astigmatism This place is awesome." - Ahhhhh.  My skin will thank me really soon...." "This place always smells so good walking by! Bath & Body Works is my go to gift spot when I don't know what to get someone. By someone I mean a woman "Great Staff....Great service....within walking distance of my Apt......and the Candle deals are simply awesome. Starting back in November I have purchased at least 22 candles to this date (Feb 18th 2013). I mean the 3 wick candles usually go for 20 bucks apiece but they have been virtually giving away candles at Bath and Body Works since before the holidays of 2012. I mean 2 for 22.....buy 2 get 2 free.....4 for 30 with a coupon......8 bucks a piece with another coupon.....30 % & 40 % off candles....I mean it has been crazy. So needless to say I look forward to buying many more this year when these glorious sales come around...until then Eat Got some good stuff at great prices."  and that we should buy something sometimes. I left right away. That was very rude. I really was going to buy something All and all .. I love Jared:-) High quality diamonds and beautiful platinum look amazing on my finger with my original wedding rings." Then we took the ring to another jeweler near us to have it appraised. Jared told us it was an S1clarity but this jeweler said it was at best an I1....which is much less. We called Jared but they said that it was sold as presented." "Have had the worse experience ever with this store!! Don't buy from them!! I repeat DON'T BUY FROM THEM!! My fianc ordered a custom made ring for me which when he picked it up it looked like someone who was drunk put it together!! They tried to fix it three times only making it worse!  Which then we decided to go with a whole different ring to be made bc we were so aggravated with the quality. They told us it would be 6 more weeks before the ring would come in! Now when you're engaged and can't even rock your ring that's an issue. But okay let's get what we pay for and wait 6 more weeks. Well... The promise date was one week ago and still no ring! We have been engaged since Aug 24th and its now Oct 20 and still no ring!! This place is a joke!! Beware!!!!!   Update:  second ring has come in and it's still looks like someone who was drunk put this together. Diamonds in halo are jagged and not straight "Absolutely terrible customer service. The lady I spoke with was ignorant and extremely disrespectful. They are overpriced and lack basic customer service skills. All I wanted was a stone to be set and received flack. If you don't buy from them This store is dishonest. Stay away!" Great service. Great products. Clean store with no B.S." "Was not excited to go to Jared to look for my engagement ring ( I didn't want to say ""He got it at Jared.) but after a terrible experience at Shane Co. we went.  Walked in and met Wendy....SHE IS A ROCK STAR!!!!!!  Picked the setting and had loose diamonds brought in for us to look at.  The ring is beautiful and going back to have the wedding band custom made.  Ask for Wendy.  Just do it."  the manager called me and asked me to bring in the necklace. They are now going to repair it and they did not charge me. It's a pity it needlessly got to that point however "Went in and took my little niece to get her ears pierced and the staff was extremely knowledgeable "So...had been curious and wanted to give it a whirl - got my ears pierced. We had circled the mall trying to find a place that had basic studs that suited out taste (not little sparklies) and after a few unlucky stops Took our 1 year old to get her ears pierced and the girl who helped us was very nice. We waited a couple minutes for the other girl to get there so we could have both ears done at once and whalah! It was done so fast! I highly recommend them! I was a little taken a back that it was just a kiosk in the mall but they were very clean and professional and sent us home with cleaner and all the instructions! I highly recommend pagoda. They took care of both me and my mini me."  smiling staff member.. your offered mint tea... you get a free massage.. YES.. I could fall asleep.. You choose your aromatherapy based on what your nose likes.. and the knowlegable member will work with your skin and hair to get your product correct.. This is no in and out experience..Im sure if you just advised that you need it fast.. and knew what you wanted... they would happily oblige.. BUT just take a moment.. and smell the aromatherapy for olfactory sakes.." Very rude manager. She acted like I was an idiot with every question I had. She acted like it was such a hassle to give me a sample after I spend $50.00. I will not return. "Best place ever! The product is amazing and the is friendly  shoulder-length hair and glasses. The team at the Fashion Sq. store have always been fabulous.  I will never go to PV again."  know their product and give great service.  I love how they are always inviting and want to show me everything new!  My favorite is the wellness!" "I use one Aveda product. The associates are always friendly as they inform me it is ""not in stock"". That is three times in one year where we`ve had to make two separate trips to purchase one product. My daughter attempted to purchase this one product for me two weeks before Christmas and was told it would have to be shipped and they could not guarantee Christmas delivery (it came December 22nd). To be fair Here's a tip: if you are a pure privilege member you can call this store and they will take your order over the phone then ship it to you for free!"  you should give them a call.  And even if that's all you think you want - if you're in the area you might want to go by because based on what kind of product you're using it for I even asked for a good place to eat...such a Yelper."  was less than 2 years old and only needed a recharge.  In conclusion...Batteries Plus will rip off your grandma.  Beware of the bait and switch." "These guys are great....they have every battery you could possibly want from watch batteries to laptop batteries....and all for great prices. I went in the other day to get a laptop battery after finding one online through my wife's employee discount purchase program for 101.00. However since I don't really like to wait on things....I went to this locale to see how much it would cost because I knew they had it. The battery originally cost 100.00 bucks but when I told the guy behind the counter about the deal I got online....he sold me the brand new battery for 89.00....with a one year warranty to boot. So I left the store with battery in hand....one year warranty...and a big smile on my face. Eat They had the battery in stock so it was much more convenient." Thank you Batteries Plus....Job well done." I would recommend this place if you are in search of a battery for your various needs." Great neighborhood location to recycle batteries.  fast service and I left happy. They found what I needed in a matter of seconds!"  called me back as promised on time and  with no extra charge."  but lately I was having trouble getting there before closing time. This place is open til 8pm on weekdays and 7pm on Saturdays!  Even 10-5pm on Sundays!!  This is great news." Called this store Sunday after my car would not start.  I talked to a salesperson named Josh.  I told him I was having car trouble and wanted to buy a battery for my car as well as have them install it.  He would not sell me a battery or promise that they could do any install on Sunday as there were only 2 people working that day. With service departments closed I stressed that I really needed their help and could not afford to be stranded.  Josh refused to help me and insisted that I take it to a dealership for service as my battery was probably under warranty. I stressed because it was a Sunday I did not care about a warranty.   I just wanted to buy and have a new battery installed.  This salesperson refused to help me.  Having owned my own business for many years I thought the owner of this location would like to know that they lost a sale due to the  lack of initiative and willingness to help by this staff member.  then you select the store nearest you and check stock. Then you arrive there to purchase the battery and they tell you they DO NOT HONOR THE INTERNET PRICES. When the internet site directs you to a store they should honor the price." Went here on Sunday to get batteries for our car remote and garage door opener. Took about 2 minutes total. The sales associate was super friendly and efficient. Will be coming back here in the future as needed.  and my only complaint is it once wasn't installed correctly and my car shut down dangerously while I was driving in a parking lot later that day. Other than that he said no problem I can fix all three and be ready in three hours" "Big thanks to Mike and his staff at this location! I called and asked for a particular battery  they helped several customers on the phone as well as (of course) the walkins. One recurring theme; know the model # of your laptop (or other battery powered appliance)."  new battery in my work truck and system checked within 15 minutes "Called this store last Saturday to confirm that they still had the old electronics recycling program.  Was told to ""Bring it in"". Since I live 24 miles away I drove to the store on Sunday to recycle an old PC and purchase 3 batteries and some bulbs. I was greeted by Josh who told me their bins were full and they were not accepting any materials . When I informed Josh that I made a long trip as a result of the phone conversation the prior day he said I shouldn't have been told that. He got very combative and rude. So I left the store without making any purchases I did give this store another chance and was glad that I did. Josh was very cordial and took care of a battery replacement. Good inventory and very professional. Just goes to show that anyone can have a bad day. All is well! Perfect Place to get the *Hard To Find* Battery. Nice enough staff to help me. Quick & Easy. The girl wouldn't let me pay because I am not licensed!! At this point I am mad and it takes alot to make me mad. I ended up leaving the store they did not get any money that time and we will not be returning  which I didn't know how to do and told me what to do once I do receive my license in the mail. After realizing I'd forgot something I needed to go back later on and another woman helped me look for another product. I have found that the people at Armstrong are always helpful and willing to help."  the stairs cracked and my kids are tiny so it wasn't from them. The set faded so fast and it's been a little over two years and we have a heap of broken faded junk we now have to haul off. When I called after we had it for 5 months the rude lady told me she could not help me and it was just from the weather here in AZ! All my friends got their sets from Costco and paid so much less without any problems! Lesson learned here from us Gave them a call to see if they had trampoline mats because we bought one on Amazon and we got the wrong one so I wanted to see how much there's was just too maybe exchange it the guy I was talking with on the phone oh my goodness he was so rude because I told him we bought something off of Amazon he now when the defensive mode and was talking down to me like I was wrong his stuff is the best in the business we should've gone with him right away. I thought that was so rude he told me that his trampolines last forever while reading these reviews I don't think that's true not happy with this company and I don't recommend it to anybody" "Scam. It's unfortunate that some companies will do anything to try to make a buck. I went in and got fitted for contacts but didn't buy any right away. I was pregnant and honestly glasses were just easier. Besides I had a ton of dailies left and my prescription hadn't changed. Fast forward a few months and I finally ordered acuvue oasys lenses and from day one HATED them. I assumed that my eyes just needed time to adjust to long term wear. I was used to throwing them out every night with the dailies. So I tried EVERYTHING "I am updating my review from a 1 to a 5. I've been going to this location for years and always received great service. I recently ran into an issue with a bill and the assistant manger  like 'what do you want'. This is the second Nationwide location I have been to. I think I'm done giving them a chance and my money. Save your money and go to Lens Crafters instead. Much friendlier service. At least there they don't make you feel like they're doing you a favor."  if you are looking for fireplace stuff and already know exactly what you want and are prepared for the rude employees then this may be the place to go. Otherwise go somewhere else or buy online. Just do not come here expecting helpful advice or friendly staff that care how your fire pit will turn out."  but have had them out several times to repair our gas fireplace (which is a piece of crap  and how to save some money by adding a layer of rock underneath the fire glass. We had a great experience and I would shop here again! .*important note- they are only open until 4:00 during the summer instead of5:00 like it says on Yelp."  I try to learn from my own retail experiences about how to improve customer relationships.  Their installer was amazing. He was on time and left NO mess behind. Thanks again!"  is super nice and helpful.  They have great prices on silver and I like that the beads there are different than you find in many of the other bead shops around Phoenix.  A lot of the beads she carries are semi-precious stones at great prices!  She doesn't carry a ton of tools but has some of the basics.  I love stopping in here and try to buy most of my silver from Cathy!"  for chains and ways to attach charms to necklaces. Cathy came up with a creative way to attach a turtle charm from mexico to the chain. She is always professional and her prices are unbeatable." "Small town feel in the big city. I found a great little bead and Silver shop! From the moment you walk in Cathy makes you feel at home. I go for the Silver. Cathy  is very good at keeping almost everything you could ever need for doing silver work on hand. On the rare occasion she is out of something leave your name and number and she will call when it comes in. Go to the ""other"" store and try that. Your number would end up in the round file before you can leave the parking lot. I know because I tried. You cant go wrong at C&D as Cathy and her dad have been in the business for decades!" This place has apparently been open for 20ish years. My first visit was this morning. I stopped in on my way to the gym for a pre-workout drink to go. The lady behind the counter was the best. Knowledgable on all products I expressed interest in. Smoothies can be made as sweet or as clean as you want them to be. Prices on everything run from average to some really great discounts. I will definitely be visiting again. Great nutritious smoothies  power peanut butter and even a variety of healthy nut and trail mix combinations. The place really lives up to the name ""One Stop"" because if your trying to make health conscious choices it is the only stop you need to make. One stop earns 5 stars from me because in my extensive search for fast and healthy meal solutions I haven't found anything like it. Anytime a business can satisfy an unfulfilled need and do it fast and at reasonable cost it will get 5 stars from me. One Stop hits all those marks and they just earned a repeat customer." Very quick and helpful. The gal who usually makes my smoothies is kind and knows her stuff! They also have almond milk upon request :) Other items (besides smoothies) a little lover priced but I will only come here if I need a great after workout protein shake!! "I was nervous going in the first time...... Kinda like not knowing how to order at Starbucks for the first time. The girl working the counter ( Jamie) was on top of her game. Nice """pb and j in a cup. 60g of protein and load up on your bars and supps."" Haha I sound like a meat head. Actually really good stuff for guys trying to add some weight. Haven't found a good one for the lady yet.  Maybe we will go with strawberry-banana yogurt style. That's a sure fire right? Really clean and has a cool bar top too." I just went into the shop hoping to get a delicious shake when I was approached by my employee telling me that shakes don't help his bonus. Saying he wasn't available to make a shake for me even though the store is clearly open. Once I got the shake it was extremely warm. Very disappointed in the customer service I had. Will not be going back to this store. If I do it will not be with this employee. Wasn't a good experience by any means.  this is possibly my favorite Toys R Us.  They always have more than one register open and they actually had freakin ZhuZhu pets.  Can't hate that.  This one doesn't seem to be populated by the same unrestricted breeders that the suburbia ones do so it is slightly more quiet and causes fewer headaches for me."  but maybe they'll get their act together."  sometimes it is not easy since I am in the area a lot and sometimes I need to check out something for the twins.  Last time I was there they only had two cashiers and the lines were really long.  Patience is not one of my virtues.  There have been plenty of times where I have just left empty handed because I couldn't wait that long for a kids purchase.  Good thing I rarely shop with the twins in tow." I'll go back to shop at this ""Necessary Evil"" again soon because they are A-OK "-Meh- that's about as much as I have to say for this store. I don't frequent toy stores all that much and when I do its usually with my 5 year old niece (why would I do that to my self? Seriously  i was informed they did and they would put it on hold for me till 5pm i drove an hour from my home to the store and when i got there no item none on the shelf and I stood behind a guy at the counter for over 45min while the guy tried to figure out how to help the customer. manager and another employee finally came and asked me how they could help. it took another 30 min to order what i wanted on line I've never had an issue with any department here at Toy R US! They do need to pay their employees more as you just know that is needed!  I would avoid entering this Toys R Us at all cost.  Actually I showed him what I ordered and he went to the back. He returned about 5 minutes later and asked me again what I had ordered. This time I handed him the receipt I had brought with me. He returned a few minutes later and said the order was canceled cuz I had not picked it up quick enough. I told him that I had already paid for the items and it had not even been 10 days since the order. He said the order was canceled several days back and that I had not been charged for the items. I went home disappointed and checked my statement to find I had indeed been charged for the transaction. The employee did not seem to care one bit about the situation. When I asked if I could pick out the same products from the store "i loved the great selection of infant toys they offered here. We needed a mobile and  a rattle but didn't want to go to babies-r-us because it was too far. The guy who helped was real good at finding what we needed. Mike took us to the aisle we wanted to see I went to pick up a swing set my mother ordered and had to stand around for 53 minutes waiting for them to bring it out. While I waited I watched two employees complain and make excuses for being unorganized and crabby people. When they finally brought the swing set out the box was open and pieces were falling out everywhere. When I refused the box employee number three started in with her excuses and bad attitude. I understand having a job you hate but please don't make customers miserable too. They worse customer service ever..I'm in the store writing this review as we speak. Trying to get help in the video game section is worse then going to the dentist.  4 employees at the front register for 2 customers. Ask another employee for help he said it's not his area. Mean while 2 manager types behind the closed doors finally appear. Holy cow just wanted a video game. Never again here!!!!  it's not really dirty but it's not really organized. The place is kinda expensive and there are not many deals."  they'll also want to be  Toys R Us kids... just like I was and admittedly still am!"  the whole deal.  I thought we would take a trip and get a lego set for him since he stayed home today.  I saw that they had a free captain america figure with all lego purchases over $30.  Went down  but frames are still damaged.  Did not make the customer whole after ruining the cosmetics of the frame.   Will not repeat business here.  Beware of the condition of your sunglasses before you drop them off...they will surely come out in a much different condition after they are ""fixed.""" Super friendly and attentive to the small things. Had frames repaired months ago. Went back in because a different screw came loose. The same gentleman replaced it for free and tightened up all the other screws. I know it's a small thing but most places these days would fix what they have to and move on but I really appreciated the little extra time it took to make sure I was taken care of. nQNZY-pecFIpFVRbRez0kA "2 for 2.  Both times I've come in he's been able to fix my husband's sunglasses on the spot.  No 2nd trip "I had two pair of RayBan sunglasses that needed to be fixed.  The first pair had bent frames which the gentleman fixed within a minute.  The next pair had bent frames and a cracked lens.  All my options were explained to me without any sales pressure.  I had lots of questions about polarized replacements and color options.  The sales person patiently explained all the details and allowed me to try the lenses available.  Clearly Fast! Repaired three mangled pairs of glasses in under 10 minutes for under $20. Great service and super fast!  lenses as well as taking the time to educate me on what the different lenses and frames were and how they affect me personally!:)" "Sat on my brand new Ray-Bans and panicked. Googled ""sunglass repair"" and found these guys. Glad I did. Straightened and balanced them to  perfection in 2 minutes at no charge. Great place. I will make the trip back up her from Old Town to buy my next pair of sunglasses."  and my Versace sunglasses I don't recall the name of (replaced a missing screw that caused left arm to fall off). Don't waste your time at seedy repair stores - this location is fantastic."  the stem connectors of both sides came off over time.  Aki put in extra strong screws and posts.  I need to be careful with them Sat on my glasses while in Arizona. Found All American on Yelp. The owner could repair them in a few hours. The price was extremely reasonable and he was unbelievably  accomodating. Quicker service and a better price than we could have gotten in Seattle. Strongly recommend!! Aki is a stand up guy. He has always helped me out and I never felt pressure to purchase. I always go back because of the wonderful service.  and the gentleman that assisted me was very nice. All around was a great experience for a day full of errand running with a toddler in tow." "Went in with broken glasses we thought would be a lost cause.... 40 mins later This is the best eyeglass repair in town. I've been to others and this one tops them all. They're truly skilled. They give you hope when others say you need new glasses. I've had my sunglasses for over 15 years and they continue to thrive because of the craftiness at All American Eyeglass Repair.  each time performing same day repairs. The repairs are strong and esthetically pleasing. He even graciously waited a bit past closing time when I was stuck in traffic returning for the pickup.  Reasonable cost and friendly service - I wouldn't use anywhere else." nQNZY-pecFIpFVRbRez0kA "Absolutely thrilled with the results! My beloved reading glasses were in horrific shape; I had stepped on them and didn't know if they were able to be repaired. Aki Brought in my broken glasses on Saturday at 10 AM when opened. Said they would be ready in an hour.Came back at 11 and glasses where good as new and he had tighten all the screws which made them fit better. They are the best! Jon M. in Scottsdale says: Touche Aki!" This is the second time they have come to the rescue with my son's glasses. First time was right before he left for summer camp. Frame was broken at the hinge and no time to get new ones. They fixed the frame beautifully and he wore those  for almost another full year. This time frame broke right along the lens edge. Fixed so quickly and for such a great price...saved us again. With the cost of replacing frames it is so nice to have such a great place to take them for repairs. Thank you!!! "My frames broke on Sat. Called my optical store and they would only sell me new frames for lots of $$$. All American was closed. Waited until Monday and took them in on my lunch hour. Glasses were fixed by 3:30 and picked them up on my way home. Great service Customer service a A Plus!"  excellent service and warranty and price for such speedy service. Customer for life here...Thank you." "I broke the hinge off my glasses.  Not only did they fix my glasses perfectly  helpful  service...and the quality of the work. I mailed in glasses with missing broken frame. They called with options.  And did great work replacing both frames at reasonable price with excellent quality "A pleasant surprise for an optical practice that I only found by going through my vision plan directory! Great staff (Claire especially was very knowledgeable and professional) If you are looking for a really good Optometrist then give him a try. Also "My family and I have been going to optical illusions forever. Dr. Fuller is honest  all at very affordable prices.  I highly recommend this practice for your family's eyecare needs!!!" "Ulta is the lesser stocked more mainstream version of Sephora with more access to drugstore cosmetics and high end cosmetics as well. If you find your bathroom running low on what ever makes you look oh so pretty get one stop shopping for sure at Ulta. One reason I really like going to Ulta is they offer more variety of products than grocery stores "I went to Ulta in Desert Ridge and was really disppointed.  I came in to get my hair trimmed about forty-five minutes before they closed.  When I came in there were two stylists sitting in the waiting area talking to the receptionist.  They asked if I had an appointment (I didn't) and then told me they couldn't take me so late  would you like me to have those delivered to your home?""--- Approved?  I guess it's a good marketing thing that works for them b/c they have been asking this for over a year now I think.  I actually get to tell the truth and say (P.S. flyer tip - wait till after tuesday when stocked  but Sephora is better than both for those items that both Ulta and Sephora carry--and they are helpful and give free samples. Sephora  almost always have my salon haircare products." "This is my local one stop shop for my face washes by Oil of Olay. I simply love them....and i always wait to receive my 3.50 off a 10 dollar purchase coupon in the mail. I then come to this locale and purchase 2 boxes and pay only about 9 bucks for them. Right now this location is under going a renovation but the store is still open for business and the staff is always friendly. Eat  if you haven't been for a while." I've been going to this store for years and am so happy they finally renovated and brought this store up to speed with the rest of the Ulta's. This Ulta still has their salon that uses Redkin products and now a Benefit Brow bar. This store is a lot more organized and thus easier to find the products you are looking for. Great job on the remodel! I've always had friendly service with employees. Staff is very helpful but they often out of stock on major product lines which is quite annoying.  Shouldn't Ulta have the new Ulta products they have been advertising?  go to the 99 Cent Only Store while you wait. They have a lot of cool stuff there and it makes you feel like a rich man to afford anything in the store." Went in last night and I'm not sure what there new approach is. Was greeted by a girl with bright long lime green hair and spider eyelashes . She was very nice . But I'm sorry I personally had a hard time looking at her while talking to her let alone get makeup advice . Most of the population does not go to work with makeup and hair like this . Worst service ever. Walked in and the woman rolled her eyes at me. Lol I'm not sure what I did. It was pretty empty and very clean. Walked around looking for a item for a good 15 min and no help. It want busy at all. The salons looked clean there was no staff for walk ins.  and I was so grateful that she took the time to give such great customer service. I am a continuing customer here  or visit this location again" "They accepted my online coupons not from Ulta website  they do not offer small samples to try at home. Thank god they have a return policy. I was forced to buy something for New Years Eve so I could have foundation for the night and will be returning it since they were so rude to me. Will always make sure to shop at Sephora since they are helpful and let you take home samples to try on at home." They never have my make up in stock. I always have to drive to a location farther away to get it. Love the salon!  Jess has been doing my hair for a while and she never disappoints.  I go when there are m-w discounts on color and cuts.  I also get my brows done here as well and they look great each time.  this is not a good business practice.  I have twice been deceived by this one stylist.  She won't get a third chance!  From comments at the register Your representative used age discrimination against my daughter and I am offended.  I did not make a big deal of it at the store because my daughter was so excited and I did not want her to feel bad but my daughter deserved to have her makeup done." I made a quick trip to Ulta with my 2 month old baby in her stroller. Before I got to the door the sweetest lady had the door open for me. She helped find exactly what I needed and checked me out. Then opened the door for me and my huge stroller again. I felt like royalty . I will definitely be back. Thank You - Greg (a real man)"  an actual life form of a girl walks by and I ask to make sure if she works there and she says yes. I then attempt to ask her for some help and she just keeps walking past me and says ""yeah "I really dislike this location because of the customer service but because I was in the area and needed to buy a birthday present I stopped by. Their shelves are never stocked and they're consistently out of products advertised. I wanted a NYX lip gift set but of course there weren't any left on the shelf. I searched for an associate to help but no one was to be found. I settled on another gift set. Then I picked out two OPI nail polishes  online or select a similar product. Pitiful service. And how can they consistently be out of the same product over and over. Need new replenishment buyers that actually know what they're doing. I finally just went to Macy's to get the product and it's in stock - Imagine that!! And the people working there are helpful and courteous. I guess Ulta must not pay very much or just doesn't stress customer service." Jessica was so much help and really sweet a little disappointed the website told me they had the pb&j pallet in stock but I called the store and they're out everywhere :( They had exactly the part that I needed in stock for a lower price than the online sellers.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  I would definitely recommend. tWZggyzTz--_agCKoW280Q  helpful people who genuinely cared about service.  They fixed me up with the parts I needed and were a pleasure to work with." Very helpful and knowledgable staff. The prices are actually lower than you can find on the web. I wanted to buy a new controller for the irrigation being fed up with my old one. The staff actually listened to my problem and offered to check out the old one to see if it could be fixed. They checked it out an offered a cheaper solution which did not require replacing the whole thing. You can't get this service at home depot. Helpful advice = happy me.  I will be back as soon as I break something else." The other beauty is I compared their prices to Home Depot - same price. A no-brainer for sprinkler/drip parts and advice." Go somewhere else that supports employees."  there are some pretty cool phones.  I don't have one though.  I have a phone that's positively archaic - almost 2 years old.  SO old.  One day I'll get a fancy one  however my phone died after two days.  Jayson & his staff truly earned gold stars for their hard work and patience in getting my phone problems resolved.  It too a couple visits and plenty of time on their part I went home and with one click I bought a new phone and a new plan and with another click I cancelled T-Mobile."  waited for an hour and no one cared to service you. Very rude staff I went in 2 days in a row last week because I kept having issues with my phone. Ruayly was extremely helpful with our family. He knew exactly what he was doing. Luckily I got him both days in a row. All the employees were so nice and patient with us. We are definitely coming back to this store if I have any other issues or complications. Thank you guys! "Leaking spa and controller out of control. These problems were diagnosed properly and I scheduled the repair which was completed properly and I now have a spa working like it should. The store also has everything you need with people to help you if you don't know what you need. I have replaced the cover  knowledgeable staff!  I love my new hot tub cover!"  quoted inaccurately for parts and be hung up on...talk to Bob the manager.  Do yourself a favor and find another parts dealer."  as the owner(s) seem well stocked. Avoid if you can source elsewhere.   Hope BOB finds another job NOT in customer service."  I basically ""gave up"" and decided to figure things out myself.  All the phone calls to the spa manufacture(s) got me no where and hundreds of dollars to countless repair folks Call and ask for Keith or Marc (the owner) and they will take care of you!"  Service and Repair of Medical Products and Supplies in their 3000 sq ft showroom open to the public 6 days per week.  Bravo!" Great prices and excellent customer service.  What a nice combination!  I was dealing with another supplier for a CPAP machine and discovered a wonderful difference in attitude.  I needed to make the switch quickly and they went way out of their way to meet me 45 minutes away and get a machine to me the same day.  They obviously go the extra mile.  they have it and they are more than happy to make sure you get the right product for the right need; Mark and Sara both excellent as well as the entire team at AZ MediQuip - Thank you for everything - you are truly a rare find!" "AZ Mediquip is just around the corner from our company and has been very helpful in serving the needs of our company and our in-home caregiving clients.  I interact regularly with Sara and she's always been responsive to our needs iySgT6dglrcqf21bgXNE-g  or any jewelry company associated with an outfit called M&G Jewelers." I will never do business with Zale's again.  I will never do business with M&G Jewelers again.  And I will check with other jewelers to be sure they are not going to send my jewelry to an outfit called M&G Jewelers." Great friendly staff. I have been shopping there for a few years and I always felt welcomed.  but their prices are a bit high.  You do get a quality product Before you go and spend bucks at other candy places. Don't forget about Sees Everything we brought home was really really good. I will miss this place but I am sure my waist won't."  one of See's trademarks is to offer everyone a sample.  What you may not know is that the clerks are given at least two or three truffle selections to choose from "No complaints. Always excellent quality. Great service. And when there are crowds due to an upcoming holiday  service & atmosphere. And free samples just make me so happy! Raspberry cream truffle is to die for!" Best homemade from scratch candy. The definite must try.  my mother bought several Kinds of Easter Candy that were always in the basket. Then she continued the tradition with my children. My mother passed away 8 years ago and this year I suddenly remembered the candies. I went in last week and immediately spotted the candies. The service was delightful and they seemed happy to help a newcomer. I mailed all the candies to my grown children who were delighted with the memories created of their beloved Grandmother. I'm really happy that I sauntered in and I plan to continue the tradition as well as starting some new ones." I love this little store and have for many years. Those chocolates are totally worth some extra calories!" "See's has been my favorite boxed candy since I was little. It's so good and the recipes haven't changed (unlike Fannie May...  which is now yuck). My top 4 favorites are Dark Bordeaux  if I was in the area and craving candy Our favorites are the milk chocolate Bordeaux and the orange cream."  and butterscotch squares.  I love that they still give out a free sample.  I have been to really pricey chocolate shops and they do not give out samples.  See's treats their customers well.  One of my favorites!" Friendly staff who are also very informative about storing and gifting the chocolates. Clean store in a convenient location on the outskirts of PV Mall. 