There wasn't much reason for me for me to linger here though.  I soon left and went over to Olive Garden for lunch."  for some reason. Walking through this mall just creepy though."  I'm sure the rent is reasonable considering the land is falling apart. Calling it a mall is like calling me an athlete it simply isn't true. When you can lists off the name of the stores on your fingers and still have a few left over then you need to go somewhere else."  Phantom of the attic and a lottery place. This mall is dead! Deader than dead  but I enjoyed the vistas one gets from having a multi-tiered building that actually engages the mountainside into which it is built.  There are two entrances that are on axis with each other and you don't even realize it at first since they are on the first and third levels of the mall.  I want to return and explore the building some more." Boring pretentious mall with old dated stores  favorites include Restoration Hardware and Williams & Sonoma.  My husband loves the fact that he can grab a Starbucks and relax in one of the many seating areas while I ""quickly"" browse the sale rack at Ann Taylor or Anthropologie. I find myself wishing there were more options in terms of stores  I think the last time was before I was even in high school.  Now that I am older I really can see and appreciate the beauty that lies in this place.  I think I will be coming back to spend the day with my mother in the near future." It's like South Hlls Village but smaller and more expensive. That is all. I'm not sure I'd come back to shop. Maybe to eat  Bravo and Panera if you are hungry after watching a flick." This is a nice small mall. Some of my favorite shops are Anthropologie & Pottery Barn Kids. There's a Starbucks and Panera inside. No problem with parking and the mall isn't overcrowded at all.  which always makes me chuckle bc I think to myself  I say do it for the food. There are definitely some decent eateries here (I only mentioned a couple of them). As for the stores...if you're anything like me I would come back here to shop." Racist mall management team same team that ran century 3 mall in to the ground stay away nothing good comes out this place  that I feel isn't there anymore..lol I like that there's a movie theater there and recently I've only gone to The Galleria because it had Charming Charlies in it It's hard to explain the true purpose of this mall because it's not like it is really complimented by surrounding strip malls or big box complexes kind of like how Robinson has the Summit etc.  Either way it has Anthropologie and that is why my wife always wants to come here when we are in PGH." I would've given it 4 stars but ahh the parking!! The top lot was so full on Saturday afternoon given the small number of stores inside.. so we had to go down into the lower level lot.. which was still impossible to find a spot! We ended up seeing a couple leaving and patiently waited for them to leave to take their spot. No parking available on upper or lower level. If going down to the lower level My advice: find a more pleasant mall where you will not be treated as a criminal for snapping a selfie with your cell phone." Pittsburgh Restoration Hardware has the worst customer service ..stay away.  but unless the store you are wanting to visit can't be found elsewhere in Pittsburgh Avoid this place if you can and hopefully together we can institute change for the better health of us all."  it is right in between.  I like the Newsstand to gaze at the Rolling Stone and I like Lids for my head accessories.  Carolina Place is really laid back."  so nothing special. But it's not a bad trip to check out the stores & restaurants around the mall."  and the food court is pretty nice. The indoor play area is also an asset when the little niece is visiting." I didn't spend much time here and I don't live nearby. It seems nice and I'd be happy to come here again when in the neighborhood!"  but I usually just try to get in and out really quick when I need to go here.  I did just recently go into the REI (which is fairly new) but it's really neat to go in a look around... I didn't realize it was 2 stories.  The other farily recent addition is the Barnes & Nobles.  Another good spot "I was here earlier today and I have to say every time I've gone there its always a nice experience. It never seems to be too packed and they actually have a very nice selection of stores. I always end up leaving with more than I intended on getting  I Concord Mills Mall and others better than this one."  it's a mall. Of all the malls in Charlotte this is the only one I'd ever really set foot in. It's very mall-like. It's not a narcissistic hellhole like Southpark Security needs to do their job instead of harassing me in front of my kids. They need to patrol the parking lot and other places instead of giving people a hard time for NO reason! Get a life!  getting  out of the mall parking lot onto 51 or one of the other surrounding roads can be a bit of a hassle." "I only venture over to Carolina Place when I have gift cards for JC Penny and now that they've done away with all the good sales on kids clothing it's really not even worth the trip since the other stores are just regular mall stores.  Nothing special about Carolina Place unless you live close by I'm really a fan and I would recommend my friends and family to this mall." My favorite mall in the Queen City area. It has a down to earth vibe to it. A great mall because it's really never packed. "ALERT TO PARENTS AND SHOPPERS OF CAROLINA PLACE MALL:  One of the employees of the massage parlor (Oasis) next to the kid's play area was caught inconspicuously taking pictures of my 4 yr. old daughter while she was playing there.  Even though it is private property  and Macy's and other various national mall stores.  The food court has a fine selection of places serving Bourbon Chicken.   There is a REI store on the backside of the mall  but when I have specific places to get in and get out of "Carolina Place has all of the big stores....and some that are missing from Northlake and Southpark like Sears and Penneys and Dillard's  I've seen some 90's and once an 87... That's just a little too close to ick for my comfort... lol You can't go wrong with the Chick-Fil-A there  which I thought was a great addition and seems to be very popular. The food court has your standard mall food  the food court has some great choices including Chick Fil A and Sbarro.  Or if a more sit down and relax outside of the shopping center experience is what you need  and Applebees are located just outside the mall in the parking area." Just your typical mall.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  It was kept pretty clean as well and had a large amount of parking.  it may take you a while driving around to find a space during busy times (weekends  and XXI. There's a couple of restaurants attached to the mall and also a few out in the parking lot. The food court has a handful of options including a froyo place CyZ9PCtYv1hKeyTtWx__aw  I'll venture here. But with so many better options in the Charlotte area  2 levels of shops and restaurants. Would go back again on my next visit  and we were outside the mall!?!  I figured outside was the best place for my kids to run & play while we waited for the stores to open.  Will continue to go to SouthPark of all my mall needs." Good location easy to get in and out with lots of directions."  neat and well maintained. The place was busy and made me feel like this mall was thriving instead of drying up and dying like many others. I think the location is convenient Love shopping at this mall.... Very affordable especially during the holiday season! Just be careful shopping on the weekends! It can get VERY crazy!!!!! "Very typically mall experience.  It's big and busy and everything was crowded before Christmas.  It's clean and well lit.  The parking lots are as convenient as they can be.  Nothing stood out to me "First time visiting this mall and it definitely has a good spread of shopping and food. We weren't on a mission to purchase anything so we were just walking around but it was clean  instead I just returned. A company with this level of customer service does not deserve my hard eared money...Went to a Vitamin Shop in Carolina place mall down the way and they took care of me!." A very well kept and maintained mall. Not a fan of malls yet this mall does have any and everything you could possibly want and more. ...except super high end fashion lables. It's a pleasant shopping experience."  with plenty of stores to peak anyone's interest."  I don't get to come to this mall as much as I would like to because it's quite far from my house however I always enjoy my shopping experience whenever I'm here.  This mall has department stores like Belk LONG AND SKINNY. It's an ok mall. Long and skinny so there is a lot of walking if you decide you need to go to Aldo and you are at REI. Great mall I love it. I shopped at diamonds by David jewelry store.great customer service and great price for what I bought.  so I was happy to see they have it there as well as H&M. The food court has plenty to choose from and the bathrooms are clean. It was pretty crowded on Saturday afternoon." "Always changing but some stores are better than others. I would absolutely check out Fresh 2 Order  this mall has seen it's better days.  When I went there for the first time it seemed like a lot of other malls I've seen.  There are a lot more urban themed shoppes than other malls  and I still have to show love for Eastland." I've gotten my eyebrows waxed at Foxy Nails For a Mall that's closing down and doesn't have any anchor stores left it's ok for what it is- although the mall is dead there are still some specialty shops that one could go to if they really needed something "Its difficult to review a location which is essentially a shell. I find myself guarding this shell with a number of other people till it is reborn. It still fills a number of functions for the community. There is a transportation hub for buses on the Central Ave. side of the mall. The parking lots have seen parents teaching children how to drive GlyqNI9P2ArWrss-ptqNGw  its nothing special and you're probably better off going to another mall in the area for a more extensive selection." I differ on the previous review on Greenway Station. I wouldn't take the time to go to a traditional mall. First you have to park and then find the store you want to go to. This has wasted 45 minutes of my life. I guess if I had time to loiter and wander about I would share your view. Malls are dieing across the country and life style centers are the future. In and out quickly. Solo shopping at Greenway is definitely one of my favorite ways to spend a sunny Sunday afternoon. :)"  that is a theme for Madison in general. I had to drive a bit away to get something other than a sandwich for lunch."  I appreciate their wide range of stores from little box (like Michael's) to the Loft.  I also enjoy that the Irish pub and Cheeseburger in Paradise are set a little ways away.  This allows them to be open air restaurants without dealing with the mall congestion." Greenway station is a total joke.  It seems like the management can't keep businesses to stay more than six months.  They don't have really any good stores that make me stop and shop.  There really is no big draw.  The resturants are worthless.  No men's stores what so ever.  On top of all this the location is horrible.  Make this a dead mall and it will be more exciting.  the chocolate store and a few other of the small stores before getting dinner at Johnny's. Not bad! I didn't hit up on section because I couldn't find it :P  I also took the trolley home." I go here because Madison is limited in shopping.  But the store selection is poor to average and the items they stock make it feel like outlet stores.  The stores look run-down tired. I hate those pushy bastards.  They ruin every "Not exactly an upscale mall by a long shot.  Service is horrendous and it is crowded and messy  in 2012 the mall has been making a number of changes for the better. And it has The interior has been spruced up and there are some new stores  the food court sucks. No good eatery places here at all. Just...nothing. It's really unfortunate because Madison doesn't have much retail stores to offer and there is a ton of potential for East Town mall if someone put the investment into it and clean up the atmosphere more. Location is great I'm only giving it 4 stars because it's an easy and convenient place to take the kids in the winter. We being our own dinner and eat in the food court then they can play in the play area for awhile. If it wasn't for this I would give it a 3. West towne is by far a better mall. But east towne isn't the worst I've been too. It has potential to be a better mall if they got good stores in the vacant areas. I really try to like East Town but then I go to West Town and get depressed on how poor the store choices are on the east side. I think this place could be better and could get more business if better stores were in it.  I just do not know what else to say." Upsides are that the mall is clean and offers ample space to navigate through; downsides are that the lighting is weirdly dim and the atmosphere almost somber. I don't find the mall all that fun to go to generally They have a decent variety of kids clothing stores and the stores are actually well stocked.  I agree it could use a Macy's but it is so close to I-90 it makes it very convenient and has a decent number of resturants surrounding it." Sorry to say I won't support this mall any longer.  I will be shopping from the comfort of my home.  Amazon has earned my business." mall is ok..just somewhere to go when its snowing and cold outside but want to get out the house..and my cousins like the carousel.  did I tell you they have a carousel too? Pretty rad." "This is one of the better malls in this area. They have a variety of stores for men I like all the speciality stores that are here. They have a kitchen store  a few too many empty stores of late though.  The food court is okay.  The carousel is real cool looking."  it's not THAT great of a mall at all. The only reason I go there is for the Banana Republic and Sephora "Too many unsupervised big barefoot kids that are much taller than the posted maximum height playing in the kids play area. I'm afraid my 4 year old will get hurt!  Security should not allow parents to drop their kids off and leave them unattended.  Otherwise  this mall and the surrounding shopping centers are a great addition to Champaign. It's not that common that you can find everything you want from higher end to bargain within the area of a couple square miles. This mall fulfills more of the mid to higher end shopping and is clean and relatively nice inside. While it doesn't really have any of the very high end stores List of stores: http://www.marketplacemall.com/directory" All I can say is if this is the way this company trains its employees 3. Free kids play area"  forever 21. Now started working and Macy's and Bergners always have some good sales when switching season. like Calvin klein." Nice mall great stores and food court but they need more seating for people. The food court is pretty cool too. They have a carasoul and some of the places hand out free samples." "This mall has really gone downhill in the past few years.  It seems as though no stores can survive there.  Abercrombie and Fitch closed about 2.5 years ago and as of today I saw the Hollister closed  and Buco di Beppo. There are kiosks in the aisle. I don't use frequent these much. But did purchase some cheap infinity scarves last winter. I've gone once when they were giving away shopping totes (Health Alliance branded) and a shopping carrying hook. Cool. During the holidays  when Sarku's lease expires maybe let them go... and in my times there I have never seen mall employees go to the pizza place too so that's probably not a good sign. I love Simply Mac  so I have no idea what business are coming.  Although this place is prime location by that awesome pizza place There's two small businesses that cater to these students Is a really clean place. I like the fact is close to a food court and hotels. just walking distance it eliminates the hassle of driving and parking. not to mention is really close to the chase stadium  thats a big plus. The building itself is very clean and fresh. The people that work there are very nice and communicating. I was there for a 3 day training. but it seems like everything is very organized and in good shape. I go for 4 starts just because some minor things but nothing too bad. "damn this place is dead... but cute i suppose!.. part of it at least.  if i didn't go by myself  I was actually really glad to accidently stumble across this place. I was able to eat (on Easter when it seemed the whole city was closed) and swing back by to find wonderful artisan-made gifts for my mom's 60th birthday and  my dog-sitting friend (and a tiny pair of coral studs for myself). The landscaping was pretty I pretty much just go to the theaters here nowadays.  At least there are no crowds to deal with." "The lady at the Phoenix Visitors Center highly suggested we check this place out. They have a few of the basic stores you are likely to find in any mall If this place didn't have a movie theater  I ventured back on a visit back home and was less then impressed. It would seem that whoever is managing this place now cares more about what the place looks like then whether or not there is actually anything worthy of shopping or eating at. The slide has been so bad here that I fear it will become a ghost town if the economy gets any worse. Before long it won't be worth the rent for the few retailers that are left occupying it. Shame..."  there is a free lot on Central/McKinley northwest of the Arizona Center (and just northeast of the Westward Ho Building) ...that is  as I love the one in Chi-town. But I get this feeling it's not really a mall or a center and just a few places crammed together to make the tourists feel at home  your stuck with Subway and Cafe Roma.  Everything else is sit down with waiter service.  I don't have any one recomendation to make this place better  but not ghetto either. I ate at a Greek restaurant which had wonderful food. It was beyond good. The waiter was kindness & the atmosphere was just calm. If you want to get more than one thing done. I say try here. I was pleased."  paying for parking is just not cool anymore..it cost me $12 bucks..and when talked to the attendant just for an explanation...he acted like he just did not give a shit!! That will be my last time there I dislike that it's mostly vacant." This isn't the best that the downtown Phoenix offers After finding out there was a shopping center less that a block from my hotel I was ecstatic! BUT after going there at 11.15am when they opened at 11am I was soooo disappointed to find that there is only one real store here. The rest are typical chain restaurants. LAME! The outer decor is nice though. My favorite part is the more lush park area with the water and the falls adjacent to Sam's Cafe and My Big Fat Greek.  I have seen weddings and parties hosted in this area.   There have been nights where I am restless and can't sleep and I walk over here and sit and listen to the water and zone out while staring at the lights wrapped around the trees through the interior of the park area.    It also makes patio dining at either of these two restaurants quite enjoyable (along with the heaters they provide in the winter and the misters in the summer)." "This place would just be OK if they didn't insult you by charging you to park just to try to give them some business.  It's pretty dead "I love the az center. My wife and I have been coming here for years. When we have an evening from the kids The place definitely has potential. It has a pretty little garden area that was a nice touch. It is in a decent location I just wish they wouldn't call this place ""Arizona Center"". This joint is not a good representation of Arizona And another nice surprise - parking is actually now free for 2 hours! Yay!" "I definitely miss the mall so much back home. Stuck in Flagstaff for a few months for a city girl like me is tough. It just makes me home sick. The center remind me so much of the malls back home. I mean  and grab a coffee or lunch. A break here has the healing power of 100 stolen moments."  there aren't enough stores here to entice people to stay here for more than the time it takes to eat a meal here I was also excited about seeing Corner Bakery there "I love coming here I think it's one of the hidden gems of the city. There are great restaurants. But mostly I love the scenery . They have done a wonderful job of creating a tranquil environment. I consider this a great place to change it up and visit you can be alone and read  Me and the Mrs were looking for a place to kill some time while waiting to catch a plane home from Az. So we figured we would look on Yelp for a mall to stroll through. We came across the Arizona Center an saw it was near the airport so we figured we would give it a shot. What a let down! This place is far from what I consider a mall or even a strip mall. A few whack ass stores and some meager restaurants. To top it off we had to pay to park there. Lame! Won't be wasting our time here again. "Seems to always be cycling out old places and in the new.  Hard to keep up  you're now stuck trekking to Old Town Scottsdale."  prepare for all sorts of crowds from homeless to teen grunge skaters. Variety of mostly restaurants available. The second floor is only office space. There is an adorable garden area with some beautiful waterfalls and statues."  it's a shame that it's not as utilized as it could be. The garden area is absolutely breathtaking "I work at the AZ Center building so I may be a little bias in my review but I'm a big fan of the area.  Its pleasant to be able to work in a location with so much surrounding it.  Not to mention the benches The landscaping and maintenance are well done.  I walk down here at lunch to detox and revitalize myself for the afternoon.  I don't see a whole lot of stores that would draw me in on a regular basis though.  I am hopeful this place will see a Renaissance and draw in more interesting shops ala The Union at the Biltmore. JIV4LF8KE8pAUnU28QAhIw Nothing special about the place really. I feel like it was built for the lunch hour crowd. Always loved Sam's Cafe but not sure since it changed names if it's any good. Such great restaurants and parks... Heres hoping that Arizona Center returns to its former glory." This is definitely not a destination shopping/restaurant center.  I would say don't bother unless there's a specific restaurant here you really want to try."  they don't have so much potential to be in a place like Arizona Center." For all the foot traffic and locals that frequent AZ center from neighboring work places and schools one would hope this place would offer more in terms of food options. The water fountains and grounds are the best part about the AZ center. They are well kept. I love the Town and Country. Theres only one problem with it. It has hardly anyhting there. Everythings pretty much gone. It all started when the movie theatre left and everything pretty much followed. I don't see why noone want to go in there since is such a lovely place. Poor town and country...*sniffle*  whether it was loitering around Jutenhoops or sitting on a bench...I thought the ambience was so charming. Very sad that nothing is there anymore."  but I think the fact that this mall isn't terribly interesting anymore in general means it won't be so terribly missed when they lose that last remaining bit of ""special."""  they do have some good stores you can walk through and since I'm big fan of Trader Joes Happy Yelping Phoenix." I was disgusted this morning to drive by and see a Whole Foods being put in this center just down the way from Trader Joe's.  Shame on Town & Country for even allowing this and shame on Whole Foods for such an underhanded move.  Wrong. Stop by & check it out."  but am appalled at the upheaval due to the management's remodeling/destruction of long standing architecture. (This city has been oblivious to its' cannibalism of structural art.)" Town and Country eliminated the (decades old) Wednesday Farmer's Market--on top of the other things I've complained about them before... "Growing up in Phoenix it was known that Town and Country Shopping Center was a swanky place.  An open air mall that catered to folks from the Biltmore area; it had a lot of designer and high end clothing stores.  One of the best places (now gone) was Jutenhoops which had funky toys  you can roam across the street over to the Biltmore (which will soon be connected with a bridge of some sort  I think. Case in point: Man waits with flower at Valet. Sleek black car deposits sleek woman in black attire. Man hands woman flower. She smiles. They walk toward Houston's. Uhm... I'm pretty certain that's a date. And it happened at the Esplanade. Right before my very own eyes. I swear." The new Waterfront mall corridor stinks like this as well. Maybe that's where the term ""filthy rich"" comes from. What do these people eat?" Take a look at the restaurants that somehow survive or haven't.... Houston's moved across the street  except it was broken. Ugh! I'm guessing either they shut it down at a certain time to save money or they don't have enough money to fix it. It wouldn't have been so bad except it just had rained and it was still 95 outside  it's a hidden gem...!" 