"Once you navigate the madness known as ""Central Ave. Construction"" and arrive at this Kinko's you are met with the most friendly and professional staff. It is worth the travel time for ya'll I promise. Other Kinko's i will be going to the washington one from now on."  the service is excellent it always gets there when they say it will. They are super quick when they help you and they will even package it up for you.  There are some really wonderful people working in the shipping dept. Chris being one of them. A truly nice person who really wants to help you as best as he can. If only more of us took pride in our job like that.  Great location  than fine. But I never associated FedEx with this kind of situation and I am very hesitant to go back or recommend this location to anyone. I could handle the sleeping but the IV needle on the desk was too much." Got a call from the General Manager John who was very nice and assured me they are not a homeless shelter. Perhaps I will go back and try them again. I was in and out of that place in two minutes. :)" They have a lot  of parking.  They also take cash They are also a Kinkos copy center to make copies of stuff and purchase office supplies. If you need this stuff late night Always helpful and superior service! I say Run as fast as you can away from this center"  this FedEx is a 24 hour service location. Staff is helpful and friendly. We had to snail mail a letter and weren't sure about the options with FedEx. Staff took time to explain shipping options and prices."  cleanish facilities. All around an okay experience."  then cut my prints in half.  We all just got lucky that someone didn't need anything time intensive or else the whole process would have broken down."  was willing to go above and beyond to make sure that we received everything we needed in time. I really appreciated the offer I don't know about the rest of the staff but Beth gets 5stars!" FYI: They also have a small section of office supplies and I got the best stapler ever.  It powers through stacks with the ease of one finger touch."  and the staff did not help out with any shipping options."  horrible attitudes. I created a yelp account to write this review. Absolutely rude and incredibly expensive." "This FedEx Kinkos totally saved the day! Came here after the FedEx Kinkos on Camelback dropped the ball. Last minute directions to my Wedding; expertly done by John. Won't bother with any other location  very rude and not helpful at all. Acted as if looking for my email was a huge hassle. Come to find out only the color printer was down. It should be specified and the workers should know what's going on in the facility. $3.00 later I finally have my email printed with no help to the "" workers""" "Service here absolutely blows. I've only experienced good service by one gentleman. Otherwise  copier and day saver extraordinaire! My niece and I were getting copies for a memorial service  even mounting the photos on poster board for us. He blew the other girls out of the water and saved the day."  unless you're a big mouthed fat WASP who reeks of money. I was overlooked while I was in the process of faxing some documents because both employees at the counter assisted said WASP while he stood and assessed his his display. It was very disappointing."  it's as good as it gets."  ""well worst case scenario....yada yada yada"" because it's not the worst case scenario. The worst case scenario is you over charge my card and put the wrong address in your mailing system. You then never refund my money and I never get my package delivered. That's worst case but even then it could get worse!" "Just went here to discuss getting some items printed. the people I talk to know nothing about printing and fed ex should stick to shipping.   they send every thing out "I went into kinkos the other day to have my baby shower invitations printed. When we walked in we were greeted right away by Trevor and he explained to me that he had a large printing project ahead of time and that mine wouldn't be ready until the next day. I wanted to see what they would look like before I completely committed to it but since the color printer was being used he was not able to do that for me. Instead he set me up at a self service printer. Well  INCLUDING THE KIOSKS. How are you supposed to be angry and annoyed with us when we would prefer to do the copies ourselves but can't because you can't put the time and/or effort to service your machines from time to time. Just absolutely frustrating. But I guess thanks for doing the copies even though it was accompanied with the rude attitude??"  and efficient.  He explained to us how to format our documents so that they would print clearly with the formatting we wanted.  He re-formatted the documents for us a few times and remained patient in the face of our hectic attitude and requests.  The documents were printed off within minutes and we were on our way.  We are so thankful that this branch of FedEx made printing so easy and we will definitely use them the next time we need to print anything." I am not usually compelled to write reviews but my experience this morning at this particular FedEx location was excellent! I had to print out 65 certificates and several other documents and we got it all done within 10 minutes because of the awesome help from the staff at the FedEx! I really appreciate how convenient it was and how easy it was working with the staff and even though I made a lot of decision changes last minute he seemed very patient and I really appreciated that. I'm definitely coming back! "Came in to quickly scan and email some documents.  Was greeted right away and taken to a workstation to get started.  I wish I got the name of the guy who helped me  don't ya think? I gave Joe my request. Which was pretty unique. I needed decals applied to a tinted window on my patio. Something to spice it up. We tried ourselves and those little decals bubbled more than a flapjack on a hot griddle in Atlanta in Julyyyy! I've never been to Atlanta or referred to pancakes as flapjacks. Something I just channeled so it seems. The work  buddy"" here). Joe WILL get your name right and take an interest in your business. Just the right balance of professional and jovial. Extremely fair pricing. I thought this place might be sketchy because there is a very angry anti-congress sign out front and the bright colors on their own sign are hideous. Don't let that fool you. You will love these guys. They will love you. And they told me if my sign didn't work DJ and the guys were able to accommodate a special request and they did it blistering fast time. They suggested the best materials for the job (unlike FastSigns) and they went the extra mile to get my project done quickly and within a reasonable budget. I will be coming back! Thanks guys! Craig Talked to DJ for some signs. Real nice guy with willingness to help. Highly recommended  there was just a lot of copying and regular business stuff going on."  I wish he would have shown a different way to express his dissatisfaction with the job.  It would have been much cooler of him to get back at the man by hooking me up then my effing up my order." I use FexEx Kinko's locations as my on the road office a great deal and of all the Phoenix locations I prefer this on the most. Last time I checked this was a 24 hour facility so the hours listed are incorrect.  member since 06... you'd think you'd learn how this stuff works by now. Also Employees too concerned with chatting behind the counter other than offering to help you.  they acted like I was an inconvenience to them.  The fax machine erred and I had to fight to have my price adjusted to the correct amount." I'm upping my review to four stars and will be back."  they are extremely slow to process even if there is no one in line. Makes even the post office look good." Shipping is expensive too."  wanted to custom make our wedding invites. I came up with a very unique concept and Eric made it doable. We made our layout and got our card stock from Kelly's paper and brought it in. The test run worked but when we tried to print a large amount the ink started smudging after the third one. The staff was nice enough to help us and told us we were using the wrong settings "It's open 24 hours! Printed some large posters and handouts for a presentation. Submitted the job online and it was done as requested. Best thing is that it's open 24 hours  I sincerely appreciate each and every one of you who had a hand it keeping me a happy girl!"  but the guy at the counter told me I could get a quality outdoor banner for almost the same price (It was on sale). So I gave them the file and let them know I needed it the next day. They called me later that day to let me know it was ready early which worked out great because I was able to pick it up after work without the birthday boy finding out! They always have some sort of special in the store or I see different offers pop up when I check in on Yelp. Great place for printing!" Go to UPS!! I came here because I had to turn in a assignment for school and my scanner wasn't working so I figured I could get them to scan a few papers and email them to me for a buck or two. They said they couldn't do that unlike a UPS store. My options were to either pay to use there over priced computers at like 70 cents a minute with a single page scanner or they could sell me a USB and put it on the overpriced 11$ USB.. From now on I will continue to give my business to UPS stores and plan better in the future so I don't end up having to use this late night crap store again  cut and make his fliers. It would have been nice for her to try and take care of me and get me out of the store with my one purchase then go back to her 30 min project." When you're in a jam and need to print 24/7 "Horrible! Wish I would have read the reviews first. Do not get anything you care about laminated it here. They did a terrible job and ruined my son's senior collage. I am more than upset. They didn't even apologize  i wasn't even complaining about waiting. she says to me i'll give you the copies for free that's when i said to her considering you're attitude? but i bet she never heard me say that since she kept talking over me. I asked if they sell envelops? she wouldn't even show me where they were she just pointed and said somewhere over there. I also asked if they sell stamps she said no i asked her if she had a problem with me? She said no im just telling you we don't sell stamps  which is 3 miles away and less convenient. The employees were just standing around and place had 1 other customer. Recommend any other place. The one in Town and Country on Camelback and 20th St is great."  genuine care and guidance has made it so that there is never anyone in the sign business I would use. I have a retail establishment and signage  quick service and great communication. Highly recommend him for all of your business sign needs!!!" "Lisa and team went above and beyond providing solutions and cost effective options for my team and I who on top of ordering same day needed to have everything ready within 4 hours of placing the order.   I'm so thankful to have dug up through old emails to go back to the contact and vendor we used one year ago.... Lisa assisted me without hesitation and put everything together for me in no time.  We were scrabbling to get some vinyl banners for a tent that needed a sponsors branding...which was misplaced. But we ended up finding after the order had been placed.  I called Lisa back to let her know that we had found the missing tent (cringing since we had already placed our order   They used google maps to view my bldg. to see where and what size signs would get the best exposure and designed them PERFECTLY.  Was in constant communication with me on the progress  and fonts because they said it would cost more if they did the research on fonts to match them with my business cards.... They said they would have trouble duplicating the image onto sign for side of truck because of pixilation problems... But said they could figure it out.. I was looking to have both sides of the truck signed. They got me a quote for $1 I was advised my sign may take up to 4-5 days and received a telephone call two days later to come pick them up! I know where I will be going for all my printing needs! Thanks !" Great service - thanks! another to ship a $130 headset (which was THROWN into my gated yard and nearly damaged upon receiving via FedEx that i'm not counting in this review) and another to fax an important document. when i went here to print via the computers available for public use via a reloadable store card the employee who loaded the card and got me started made me feel like i was stupid for not knowing how to insert the card and get their old windows 2000 fired up for use and printing! the overall staff and service quality is OK  and it's a nice sized store that never has a long wait to use anything. They also offer free wifi to customers. I just found out today that they take credit and debit cards and you don't have to prepay their card. How convenient! I like having that choice."  you can't search FedEx locations from a FedEx????  We asked about Saturday delivery and she had no idea how that worked or what would happen to the package if it couldn't be delivered on Friday.  She wanted to talk about everything but shipping the package.  It was almost like she couldn't hear because she paid no attention to the questions we were asking.  We finally get a price and it is outrageous and she quotes a time different than what we filled out on the slip.  I came home and found a FedEx location very close to where we were trying to ship the package in about 60 seconds on the FedEx site.  We were quoted $160+ for overnight.  Per the FedEx site we got a quote for $110 using generous measurements.  We also got a quote for $77 for Saturday delivery which the store person couldn't even come close to figuring out.  Ultimately we took the package to UPS and shipped for Saturday delivery at $75 My experience here was easy breezy. I had to send a fed ex envelope and the representative was able to help me immediately. He gave me my receipt and showed me my tracking number and I was all set. I'd say I was in and out of there in 5 minutes.  FedEx just LOST all my business!! (I am a power seller on ebay and usually take my stuff in direct)" I just started coming to this location and an really happy with the service here!! they are open EARLY and always ready to help me! I'm telling you - Kinko's knows what you need before you do."  and the staff is always friendly (even at 2 in the morning).  I've been extremely pleased with the quality of print services I've received.  This place is great if you procrastinate on a school or work project and need something printed up real spiffy-like in a hurry."  1 star because for being a print center they should be able to PRINT."  and helping a sister out.  I don't know what I would have done of they weren't open so early and so readily available to help." I had some items I needed copied for first week of school that were not something I felt I could do on my own because of irregular sizing etc. I went full service and it was quick and painless and I was in and out in under 10 minutes. Awesome that this location is open on Sundays. I'm here every day Monday through Friday. Dropping FedEx packages off for my company. Three employees are friendly professional and courteous. All the rest basically ignore me or if I have issues take forever to help me. The amount of time you have to wait to check packages in is unbelievable.  I had asked and hung up on me before I could even finish my sentence. I would say that's pretty terrible service" "Refused to deliver to military address even though corporate office and fedex.com state that FedEx does deliver to apo "Sad...  We went there to make some copies of some documents and we realized while we were there that we forgot to sign one line.  We needed a blue pen to sign it  another customer was being told hes too late for the last pick up because the fed ex truck was already there. so my worker and the other worker starting going at it about the other customer. I interrupted and told the customer the late pick up at the other fed ex on Scottsdale road. the worker helping me snapped that they had their pick up already and said I was wrong. well I am not wrong because I ship there when I am running late for this centers early pick up. so anyways I went to another FEDEX location very close by and the wonderful man behind the counter never even hesitated and took my FEDEX SHIPMENT." 