On a positive note the birthday cake was very good.  Very pleasantly surprised by this." Bottom line:  Party time?  Keep Dewey Cheatum and Howe on speed dial Nevertheless this is a very good rink for ice hockey Nice facility but they don't turn on the overhead heat bars in the rink. Very cold to watch a game in even buy usual local  rink standards.  and I've been pretty disappointed overall with my experiences there. If you're looking for a rink in Charlotte  and skate at the Ice House."  PIH is a good starting point for you up-and-coming figure skaters out there. The main advice I have is to just check their website as they have some oddly specific hours during which they are open to the public for skating. Watch out for the kids and remember to dress warm and always fall with closed hands or you'll take home less fingers than you brought."  which means they really don't need to change much to stay in business. If you live in Charlotte and you want to go ice skating this will probably be where you head." The restrooms seem to be in good shape. Toilet paper and hand soap are always restored so I haven't had trouble with that. Overall it's a great place to take your children but also great for those hockey ice skating enthusiasts out there."  disappointing customers that came for a scheduled event.  Duct tape on tears in flooring material. The ""bar"" (for lack of a better word)  is a hole.  No operable heating system or air filtration in the rink area.  Entire place smells like wet dog.  I'm probably being generous with two stars." My advice to Pineville Ice House would be to have an adult skate night once a month. It would be nice to freely skate without fear of knocking down a kid."  they make you pay the open skate daily admission and also to rent the skates so I'm impressed that they don't here.  Workers are very nice and helpful.   The only thing I didn't like was the pro shop seemed very expensive for hockey sticks but I guess there isn't much of a choice down here because you can't get equipment anywhere else.  Overall it was enjoyable."  or to go as a neat expedition on your own." Kids friendly. Adult classes are available with reasonable prices. Cant wait to go back!" Kids birthday parties are available as well as private bookings and ice rental." One more thing: Jim is open to any event or gathering that you could possibly dream up.  We talked about doing some roller-rink style parties come late spring  just you wait... I am going to take lessons and next time we have an ice skating #pfn I will blow all of you away with my triple quadruple axle spin jumps."  I'm giving a positive nod to AIA for a few very good reasons. Bringing me in out from the 113 degree heat  not that I have anything against that at all.  Anyway it translated out to a sizeable group of partially drunk Yelpers and Twitterers "This is the best way to get out of the summer heat. I am not all that good of a skater; but who are we kidding neither are you :-) The rink is full regulation and they offer open public skate everyday. Prices are reasonable. The owner is a wonderful guy; who keeps the ice in awesome shape! I recommend checking the schedule for open skate times For a skate and an escape from the heat "Decent ice but no good shinny times.  I'd be a much bigger fan if they had evening shinny available "I read the reviews and met Jim and must agree that he IS the reason the rink is open and surviving- One heck of a nice guy and pasionate about the rink...must be a throw back to canada I would sooner pay the cost to go to the Ice Den. It is far cleaner The ice was incredibly choppy and was hard to skate on and the place was just kind of yucky.  The only good thing I can say about it is that there weren't a lot of people  the building is old and the facilities are shabby.  The outskirts of the rink are dirty and cluttered.  There is nothing nice or fancy about this place at all  and I don't like cold ceilings falling in. When asked if you should go to Arcadia say  it smells like a men's locker room. Or maybe the smell is coming from the actual players? The employees are friendly and it's relatively clean (no trash on ground). I never use the public restrooms. They have a bar!" "Decent little place considering ice skating rinks are a moribund enterprise. Only open Saturday nights but it's cheap  darts and a great view of the rink. What a one-of-a-kind experience to have here in the Valley of the Sun!" DONT COME HERE! Groupon users beware! I saw a sweet deal on groupon (15$ for four people for open skate) that was only a sweet deal online. The skates were so worn our feet had bruises on them afterwards. The lady who helped us with our skate size gave us all a size up even when we asked for a smaller size! It was so uncomfortable and very difficult to skate it in. As we managed to make the best of it  but could not bare we headed off the ice and a hockey coach saw our shoes were to big and mentioned next time we should get smaller skates on our way out. We also got off the ice because they rushed us off by starting to cleaning the ice 20 minutes before our time was up. Oh yeah It's also very hidden and hard to find. 5eplbhUFhY4_uL7tV2VxAA I like coming to Arcadia Ice Den for two reasons.  The first one is that I love ice skating and second my husband plays hockey here.  Patently this ice rank is the best one in town.  It may not be in the best around of town.  But the ice rank is really nice. So if you want to go ice skating somewhere and are in the arcadia area you should come here to ice skate.  I havent played at jobing and dont think im getting called up anytime soon so I cannot compare to their ice. The hockey is really good in Phoenix and there is always pretty good players at drop ins As long as you can stomach a slightly non-polished experience *happy kids and parents as a bonus (I don't mind lookin' out for the kids as they zip by me at 10mph)" Great rink no matter what level of skater you are.  Open skates are not crowded. I learned how to play hockey here as an adult and now my daughter is learning here.  They follow USA Hockey's ADM program giving my daughter a solid base to thrive on. They always have the Kids First program giving kids 4 weeks of hockey(skating) lessons for free. Great way to try it out without having to spend a lot of money.  and helpful. My daughter is very shy so I have been getting her involved in a lot of activities to try and break her shy barrier. I expected her to cry but what I wasn't expecting was the personalized attention she got from one of the ice skating coaches  which never happened. After coming to terms with the fact that these decrepit old skates were never going to fit properly we hit the ""ice"". I say it that way because this was more like lumpy bumpy broken glass. The zamboni didn't make an appearance until free skate was over and it was time for us to leave. The blades on the skates were so dull that when paired with the ice rink that was mostly snow cone by now it was near impossible to skate. So my feet are wrecked and I skated for a probable collective fifteen minutes. Run down dirty old facility that obviously isn't very well up kept. Had it not been for the groupon we'd have never come and we won't be returning. #myfeethurt #ghettoice" "This place was so dingy.  The skates looked disgusting like someone or something had been chewing on them.  The facility really needs an uplift.  The ice was really choppy too. Almost could not find the location and no parking at the front of venue The Ice Tavern behind the goal was a blast! The bartender Sean/ Shawn was the best. He made the pre-game and game experience so much more enjoyable- Spokane loves it!  which was nice.  My son and I had a blast and it only cost us $16.  Can't go see a movie for that price  friendly people and the ice was well maintained. Good times!"  if not longer.   Both teams that play out of this rink pay A LOT of money to play here and the conditions are horrible.   You can see the floor coming up through the ice!  At what point that the owner will the owmer care and do something?!" Cheap fun place to skate! Came with family and it was great!! Super fun to take kids as well This is a nice escape from the Phoenix heat. It's pretty cheap to skate here and never had any issues with their ice or skates here. Great place for a birthday party!  Good staff and accomodations.  Let's do this every year for birthday parties! 