P. S.  One amusing side note:  I checked in at Izzazu when I arrived.  Turns out Emilio IS working on the front desk situation.  In the meantime  or the surprise when I went to pay. $250.00 for a color correction! I know this is normal sometimes when fixing the damage but it is also crucial to give your client some kind of idea on payment. I had gone in for color estimated at around $70. I think they did a decent job but for that money It should have been closer to what I asked for. Needless to say I haven't been back but would recommend in a jam." After trying many salons that didn't make the cut (yay puns!) and ending up with bangs  it was another great cut.  Not good enough to lure me back  they are no longer located on the Blvd of the Allies - they are on 5th and wood now. The new salon space is very clean and beautiful. The location is great if you work downtown The loss of one star goes to the attitude at reception. I understand it has compelled people to give them 1 star I highly recommend visiting this salon and requesting Frank. Nuff said."  spa manicure pedicure and an hour massage! All as a graduation present to myself but if they can't be attentive to prospective customers then I can't imagine that they'd be attentive in the store. I'll spend my money elsewhere!" Rhi colors my hair! Shes fantastic with foils & color!! Always listens to your needs & is enjoyable to talk to!! "Rhiannon performs amazing feats on my fine hair and is able to accommodate to any style cut color I throw at her - but not without making sure it's what I really want. She explains how a cut could work or not work for your face type lifestyle  I waited 20 minutes to pay for the two services. One receptionist couldn't take transactions and another was occupied with a wedding party.  I was so close to walking out and not paying. Unfortunately the two stylists didn't get a tip through no fault of their own. I can't give an unbiased opinion of their work as I am still furious in the way I was treated.  I would expect some ambiance at $100 for shampoo & style. I could never recommend Izzazu. Denham & Company is on Market Square  too they have a gorgeous place for groups called the Serata. It's a formal styling suite for groups and private parties Val is the best at the downtown location. I have had horrible mess-ups from other salons and she is able to fix them immediately. I will never go to anybody else. She listens to what I want and is able to perform... Friendly - exceptional talent - multiple services - top notch - check it out at least once. "Had a first time appointment with Kyle. Waited maybe 10 minutes in reception until she took me back. She was very nice and despite my box color and general lack of style  I don't know maybe 100 times b c she kept asking me about doing a treatment to straighten it.  No wonder they need coupons for customers. And I still tipped her because how bad I felt for her because she was telling me how poor she is because of her divorce. I should have just walked out when I was left waiting for over 30 minutes without anyone saying a word about it."  amazing. Her keen understanding of what service truly means is unparalleled! The pedicure I received was excellent   cut and style that was regularly  $70 (64% discount ).  All of that was GREAT! Craig did my hair and he was excellent and professional.  My problem is the price of the Groupon.  I didn't get to choose one of the hairdressers  the overall experience at Izzazu was top notch. I will definitely be going back to Ziggy and Izzazu! Thank you again  color and style my hair. She knows the latest and greatest in hair fashion and I always get stopped on the street to ask where I got my hair done (even for many months afterwards). She is very skilled at what she does and my hair looks like what you see in a magazine I arrived for my appointment at 1 o'clock on time and after sitting and waiting for half an hour was told that the stylist was running behind and it would be at least another half an hour until she could get to me. I guess her time or the current customer's time was more important than mine. I didn't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone.  he basically refused and just trimmed my hair that would be side bangs.  And when I told him my that my hair is naturally shiny and I don't like products in it She also gives the best blowout I've ever had... So... Don't tell my mom." Just had my hair done  love it!! Got a groupon and was a little hesitant but so glad I did Meg was my stylist she was so nice super friendly and did a great job looks like I'll definatly be going back  but the waxing was $20 and then they add automatic tip on there so it came to $24. There are many places less expensive or where you get more for your money."  the Spa at Ballantyne is pricer than some of the other upscale spas in the area If you are used to a special experience and you feel you deserve to be pampered and be made to feel good  I called last week to book our appointments only to find that the director is no longer with the spa. I left a message with the spa manager and after several days she has yet to return my call. I guess the good service left with the director." UPDATE #2 - spoke with the new spa manager and she promises a great experience for my friend and me. I will update. Update # 3...OK we went for our 'great experience'. It was ok. Massages themselves were good-to-great. Nothing else was improved. No follow-up from the manager considering the situation. I promise you that you can find something better to do with $175.  a shampoo blow dry and a manicure. The only thing I enjoyed was Brenda who did my body wrap she was awesome! My massage was with tym. He didn't listen to anything I said. I told him I am on my feet all day and I have back problems so I would like him to focus on my back and to please not rub my feet. He did the total opposite. He maybe rubbed my back for 5 minutes ad did my legs and feet for the rest and the time. Then told me one of my legs were shorter than the other and I should get it checked out. I'm sorry but that was so rude he could have tried to say it nicely. The lady who did my blowout was very sweet but my hair was still wet at the roots when I left and the ends of my hair was fizzy. For $40 I expected so expected something a lot better. Lastly I got a manicure I didn't need more than a buff and polish because I get a manicure once a week anyways. But I saw if I got an upgrade from that I could get a massage in that so I did. If I would have known that ""massage"" would have just been putting lotion on my hands I would have not paid the extra. The ladies at the mall do a better job. Needless to say I am extremely displeased with my services here. (Besides Brenda) Maybe because I am a service provider myself so my exceptions are high. But next time I pay $420 somewhere I'll make sure it's not here."  we could have paid less to a day spa elsewhere and a pedicure elsewhere We're always called back on time (sometimes early if we're there early) and the girls who do our facials are absolutely wonderful.  They work well and always cater to the skin type of who they're working on.  My only complaint is at the end of the facial I had a body treatment that left my skin feeling super soft after the summer. Pricy I am looking forward to trying some of the spa services next time I stay at the hotel.  I was jealous of everyone walking around in bath robes looking so relaxed."  but the meat is your treatments and your service.  In my booked you failed on both."  b c it was a great day out. I ordered lunch and the service was great. Waiters serving water throughout the day and checking in with me often. I proceeded to the spa about 40 minutes prior to my service & enjoyed the steam room and relaxed in the lounge where I was offered a complimentary drink  it was not something I expected at the end. It goes to show you that a borderline rude customer experience at the end can ruin the entire impression of a business. Additionally  sadly that did not happen. The service was below par and did not measure up to the quality of the hotel. I was not told about the facilities available "Love hanging at pool after spa treatments. My wife and I live a few miles away and use this place as a getaway.  We get massages I was very disappointed when i found out that i got charged twice and got 2 overdraft fees because of the spa and the amount was  different compared to the first time being charged also my bf got charged and it was a different amount too. I think this was fraud because they charged our cards different amounts without our authorization. I received a refund a week later from the spa after several disputes." "Great spa!! Had a blueberry facial - felt instantly hydrated which I really needed. They have a ton of options and really helpful I was looking forward to a relaxing day but did not find that here. They missed the mark on the ambiance.  Save your money. Overpriced. The Ritz is a better spa for a similar price range."  the actual spa therapists are great but the people running the spa are clueless! I've been to spas all over the world and have never experienced such a poorly run facility. Both times I have given this spa a try I left frustrated with the staff. Please hire some people with high end spa experience to make this spa what it should be. It really takes away from the experience when those running the spa are not experienced and have no clue how to treat their guests or create a relaxing environment upon arrival." I am a Starwood Platinum member.  I understand this spa is considered a member of the luxury collection with Starwood.  Services between spas are typically the same.  You pay extra for Ballantyne for the experience.  My experience was not up to par.  I arrived for my appointment at the scheduled time as I do for all of my spa appointments.  I was ushered back to the treatment room to change there and my service ended ten minutes early.  At Ballantyne your experience is supposed to start with a brief tour of the spa which ends in the locker room where you can put away your items and change into a robe for your service.  I am also surprised that I was charged for the full 50 minute service and only provided 40 minutes.  I could tell a couple of processes were left out and that the time was cut short.  That is what prompted me to check my phone for the time after the service provider left the room.  I discussed the issue with the desk and they suggested I speak with management.  I called the spa director who made no apologies.  She said it was a policy of there's to cut the service short if a client was late.  However I was not late and I believe at a luxury spa a client should be accommodated in the event they are a bit late. I have never been shorted on a service at any other spa.  I was offered a free full service to return but declined.  This practice is unprofessional and should not be standard for Starwood.  Save your money on amenities and go to a spa with ambiance and great service.  I would recommend Urbana on Carmel. Worth noting....I have been here before but several years ago They do charge automatic 20% gratuity on your bill. I didn't mind at all  be smart about it and use the other amenities. I felt like my money was well spent. I also like that they add the gratuity as it gives me less to think about  as we were  having pedicures we noticed 5 other ladies by the pool area?? So then at lunch we ordered wine and it took 30 minutes. One ladies lunch did not come until it was time for her service so she had to eat at the manicure desk. The last issue was the pedicure promotion of the month stated it came with a complimentary hot stone massage but the provider argued and said only if you also get the manicure.  I pulled up their website while on there and read it. She said they would make an exception. ..how is it an exception when it plainly states on the website?  The manager came over and also said they would make an exception. ..really?!?!  She later came back and advised their website is incorrect but they will honor it. I was hoping for a nice relaxing day (3 services ) but definitely not the relaxing day it should have been. Costs are too high for this level of service!" I got the spa pedicure and spa manicure. It was overpriced and the quality was less than a regular walk in nail place. I would not come back for any nail services and would not recommend anyone use this place for nails. My friend and I came home and immediately had to redo our nail color because there was no quality or care in helping us get it dry so it would not get messed up. It was over $100 thrown in the trash. The decor wasn't the best either the manicure table was peeling and the feel of it was cheap." Looking forward to coming back with my sisters soon!"  and like all the other reviews have stated a tip shouldn't be mandatory for a client. I tip based on performance.  My masseuse deserved more than my esthetician. How is this fair?" I have been seeing Sarah Clark for neuromuscular massages for over a year. She has almost completely eliminated headaches for me. She is very in tune to what your muscles are saying and how to address them. I highly recommend her!! Their business is skin and it started out with Sharon's mother Hannah and now Sharon is in the business. Its a nice quaint place. Not as grand and opulent as the franchise spas but nice and cozy. Sharon explained a lot of things to me so I could understand what she was doing while she was doing it but not too talkative where I was unable to relax. She started out with explaining her background and than moving onto my skin needs and what she recommends for my facial. She took her time doing everything. SHe was so thorough with her massages and extractions I have been going to Palestra to see Sharon for a long time. The spa is extremely relaxing and welcoming. Sharon always does a excellent job. I always look forward to my next appointment. I  look and feel wonderful every time I leave. They are the best. I've had many massages and facials in my life  time and I would have to say she's my favorite!  Very in tuned with the body  the prices are pretty good and I only let Melanie touch my face. She is very educated and makes you feel very comfortable. I normalyy get the express mini and I have gone there so many times they know me when I call. I feel very comfortable here. The atmosphere makes you feel very comforable and relaxed and the facials are amazing!"  but Melanie made me forget wraps even exist! She gave me such a wonderful hot stone massage and was extremely considerate of my preferences throughout - staying warm Husband gave me gift card for facial. I have now been going monthly for a year. I receive compliments on my face which says a lot for someone who has struggled with acne for years. Worth the additional budget item!   and they are extremely knowledgeable about all products. I see Sharon and have always been extremely pleased. I typically go for the facials and chemical peels I've had numerous massages as well as chiropractic treatments but I've never felt better than after my first massage with Melanie. Extremely adept at alleviating pain in my trouble spots and she gave me some tips for improving my muscle strength moving forward. Highly recommended - I will be back. My review is about Cindy Casey--I went to her today for a haircut and am very pleased with it.  Cindy makes you feel right at home.  She really listened and did an awesome job.  You won't go wrong with her for a good cut. Belinda has been doing my brows since hmmmm...2004 or so.  I can't believe how pretty she makes my Frida Khalo brows look.  And her table is so comfy  Atlanta and Phoenix... And I have been to many an esthetician and one threader.  Belinda hands down has been the best I have been to!  She does magic with my eyebrows and follows my natural line. I'm never disappointed and she has such a fun personality!! I've been told that she has clients that have been seeing her for years and many have brought their daughters for their first wax.  Great service without a snooty attitude!!!" Kathy did a great job of explaining proper products to use on my hair having transferred in from the Midwest & now adjusting to the AZ climate.  She did a great job with my cut & helped repair some severely damaged ends!  Can't wait to go back for my color! When I am in Phoenix. Tony Signore is the only that can cut my hair proper. Thank you this is a great Salon. Pilar has been doing my cut and color for years - she is such a great stylist  and always makes my hair look fabulous -- Pilar is so great - she gives a wonderful cut and is a really great color artist. "I've used Kaoline Janko for 10+ years. She's very knowledgable about all types of hair.  She'll give you a terrific cut for your hair - head and need. I get lots of compliments on my hair from complete strangers. It's amazing!  I love my hair  won't go anywhere else.  She is FAST and METICULOUS and that makes all the difference when it comes to waxing!"  non cooperating and very dry hair. My stylist gave me great advice. A'lyce knew her stuff and my hair looks wonderful. I went to the movies after and a young girl came up to me and said  and cuts! Great personality. Every person I have referred has gone back to her. Moving to Phoenix from CA. I experienced many unqualified hairdressers Karoline is great! Best hair stylest in the valley. Excellent with cut and color. "I was in town for the conference and saw Elina for a facial.  She did a wonderful "Though I liked the location and loved the hairstylist I wasn't too pleased with the color.  I went in explained what I wanted but received something completely different. When I had called to see if I can reschedule I was told how to lighten my hair at home and if I wasn't happy to call again and they will redo my hair.  Unfortunately  Elina is a fantastic esthetician! She comes from a family of estheticians so it's what she does. I had a Brazilian wax done. I have a jewel so she was very careful around it. She walked through every step and never ripped without advance notice which is nice. I don't like when people just pull and think it's easier if you don't know it's coming.... Not for this. I made another appointment right then and there. Thank you Elina! Ps: he loveees it! They also validate your parking."  ever messes anything up. Amazing. Totally worth the price of admission. And to boot Karoline is just a really fun I purchased a Groupon for a haircut and partial highlights and was scheduled with Dallas. I thought she did a wonderful job listening to my request (trimming into a more textured lob) and weaving in blonder highlights. Very friendly and down to Earth salon in a nice area- located right under the AMC Esplanade. I will be scheduling another appointment with Dallas because I was so pleased with her work.  she's amazing and I regret I haven't gone to her sooner!!! Came out of there feeling so refreshed with my face radiating! Never had an aesthetician add a neck and shoulder massage to the service YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!" I have been going to Martino's for over 10 years. They are located in the Esplanade and offer garage paid parking. The salon is clean and professional. I love my stylist Karoline Janko. She has over 34 years of experience and is incredible at her craft. She's very precise and has transformed my hair which I just love! I would recommend Martino's and Karoline to anyone anytime!  perfectly polished feet. I've been happy with pedicures at the spa at Camelback Inn and the spa at the Royal Palms  but  the pedicure I got today was nothing short of a miracle.  I would recommend Raisa's Signature Pedicure to anyone and plan to go back in a few weeks.  It was an indulgence  I fell so let down...I was so excited and the follow thru was just not there I am really impressed with management reaching out and giving me a better experience.  I will probably go back to Lucy because the facial was wonderful.  I still think that the spa lacks certain amenities like steam and sauna.  With that being said I am going to increase my rating of Red Door and recommend Lucy." Great service!!  Just ordered a mani/pedi treatment from them over the phone for my mother-in-law.  This is an annual treat for her on Mother's Day and she absolutely loves it.  This salon is well organized and professional!  And my mother-in-law raves about the quality and service for months. "I love this place!  I live out of state and recently called Elizabeth Arden for a gift certificate for my mother-in-law for Mother's Day.  I have done this annually for her for several years and she had always loved the service.  I must admit that I was going to go to a less expensive place this year...cut backs and the economy.  After reading reviews online "All I can say is I got my wife a massage package for Christmas last year and she hasn't stopped talking about it. She was glowing for weeks. The staff was awesome about helping me pick out a package in my price range without trying to upsell me. I would highly recommend giving a package as a gift I can't wait to get back this summer and have another treatment at the Red Door.   I just hope Lucy isn't booked." The service was horrible and I was just waiting for my bad experience to be over with.  For a $55 (overpriced) pedicure I expected way more.  Never will I go to this sleazy spa ever again." The warm 'bucky' on the shoulders is an added bonus as are the complimentary neck/shoulder massages (when the masseuse has time)" You'll be glad you did." I would go here more often if I could afford it!"  but the 20 minute wait in their back waiting room was boring and a waste of time.  Massage was wonderful and the only reason I'd consider going back  you should accept beauties of all kinds.  You can't be intolerant."  I must say I was quite let down with the experience and will probably not be returning. The one plus of the trip was the nail polish - I have developed a new love for Essie polish that I may not have had otherwise!"  very friendly and relaxing atmosphere. She said they offered like a small upgrade. I am real happy to hear that she had such a wonderful day. It was a gift for her and Red Door Spa came thru in making her feel special and appreciated.I want to say thank you to all the people that worked there on April 14." Best mani pedi ever. A little pricey but worth it. Miranda is excellent.  but I will definitely recommend this place to friend$$$." "I had such a relaxing massage here after work one day. They are in a new location on the second floor with a coffee shop on the first floor. Everyone was incredibly attentive and kind. The dcor and overall feel is very high-end and very beautiful and clean. Definitely a great place to go if you want to feel like a princess. Oh so very Scottsdale ;)) Definitely not a bargain It was so long ago I was there I can't remember the service."  and I felt totally beautiful. The hand massage with hot mitts melted away any tension left in my body if there was any. Her voice is calming and she moves gracefully around so as not to disturb your serenity. She recommended the Cranberry Enzyme and I love the product. I'll be back for more pampering."  the overall experience was dampened a bit due to the fact that the ladies working up front were not the friendliest or interested in my feedback.  It's also just as pricey as the local resort spas but the facility does not compare.  If you're looking for a full spa experience "Had eyebrows done and esthetician ripped my skin off in two places. I called and spoke to the manager Casey and she was rude and blamed me for it. I explained I have had this done a number of times and never had any issues. She asked that I come back in and I was seen by a different esthetician. I saw the new esthetician who was extremely professional and relieved the pain I was feeling in my eyebrow. She apologized and explained to me how this could have happened. When we finished she thanked me and apologized once again. When I was leaving  clean and upscale.  Skin looks great the day after my facial- extractions removed acne  she really listens to what kind of style I want every time I come in and always makes it look beautiful.  I recommend her to all of my friends. She is also a pro at doing Keratin treatments if you're looking to get one done I am not sure about the other services. But there is a hidden gem here. Lucy is an aesthetician. I strictly go to her for all of my brow waxing. My brows are a challenge and most have royally screwed them up. My brows should be the test for beauty schools. Lucy is seriously the brow whisperer. Go to her for your wax needs-- she is in a class all her own. This is the only reason why I give them 5 stars. Also the front desk service is always attentive and super nice. Marie was great! Thoroughly enjoyed the signature massage. Nice relaxing and clean space. Only regret was my limited time. Definitely recommend.  finally made my way up there and checked it out.  The staff is friendly The spa itself is quite serene and peaceful. The staff members are extremely polite  my eyebrows have been ruined in the past and Renee has been able to get them back looking pristine. She always takes her time and is extremely detail-oriented. I highly recommend the Red Door Spa! If you do decide to indulge in this amazing experience yourself Came here from LA to get my hair cut and styled for a friend's wedding and couldn't be any happier. Elise did a wonderful job. Thank you!!!! #friendly #professional #experienced" When you are done shop and eat at the Biltmore Fashion Park."  but wanted to go a more relaxing route the day of my services. She was amazing! I had no idea how tight my muscles were and she worked some maaaaajor knots out of me. I definitely plan on booking another massage with her again  I enjoy coming to the Red Door Spa once in a while and I always call ahead to make an appointment with Lisa. Cheers till next time!"  cut and style. I have fine thin hair that is hard to make look anything but limp usually....currently I have it at bombshell status. Additionally the price was very reasonable for this area. And fear of cost has kept me from this salon before. However  plus the 60 mins massage.  Love the location (upstairs).  Love the look of the place.  But the only thing missing was the bigger relaxation area and changing area.  Maybe because I am spoiled by the Wigwam location  with a robe a wrap and a nice cold glass of pure water. In walks Maria with a smile on her face and she les me back to the facial area. I have to tell you it was the best facial I Ever had in my life. She was extremely gifted and I would recommend any and everyone to try it least once. I got the advanced brightening facial and I haven't had to moisturize my face since. That was three days ago. I am over the moon happy. I've already scheduled my next facial for October 12 which is in the middle of spa week. All facials will be markdown "I've been getting pedicures here for years. The service is impeccable from the moment you walk in the door until the moment you step out. I've only ever been to Helen because after my first pedi  mani and pedi. John was great for massage. Had Sharron for mani/pedi -- equally great." I definitely will be scheduling with both Jon and Lucy on my return trip in November!!"  you will never go anywhere else!  Amazing service  and makes you look like a million bucks. Highly recommend!" "Today I had a date with my BFF for pedicures. It was my reward ( and hers) after a long week at Mayo Clinic. We were both looking forward to this and got up early Saturday morning for our treat. Five minutes into my pedi the tech cut my toe pretty good which I know she felt bad about  and just the place you need to go to get your natural glow back.  Another great thing is that Skin Bliss is very intimate  but Mary uses the best and it shows in the treatments! I also enjoy going to her spa because it is relaxing and you get complete one on one attention. No sitting around in a waiting room looking at magazines with 10 other ladies. Try her out!"  and can answer just about any question you might have about your skin. Try the Ultimate Facial - you will get hooked.  Mary is part of my monthly budget!"  if u want to be quiet that's ok too) while u are there. She is professional and knowledgable. My skin glows after she does microdermabrasion and exfoliates my skin. She does complimentary consultations and will not try to upsell you at all. After building your skin relationship with her "I have been seeing Mary for over 8 years now.  She is a good friend and a great 'face' specialist.  She gives me the best advice about my skin and her treatments have 'done wonders' for me.  I especially appreciate the detailed notes she keeps on each of my visits  Mary you're awesome. Mary makes you feel at ease and like a friend. You have to make an appointment  very knowledgeable and the salon space is clean and inviting. She is conveniently located right in Central Phoenix and her prices are very reasonable as well. Aging gracefully is for the birds ladies! Go spend some well deserved ""you time"" and let this talented women help you look your best."  relaxing experience. So nice spending time with Mary. She'll be my ""go to"" person whenever I want another facial. Treat yourself to an amazing facial. Call Mary!" "I love my facials at Skin Bliss! Mary is extremely professional and very knowledgable about skin care. Also love her her products. She pampers me thank u very much! I definitely I will come here next time with my friends together  VERY tiny space with about 5 spa chairs & about 5 nail stations. It is nice though & clean." WUJvBRZ_4NfoMSJXDEQ8xA I find all AZ pedicures incredibly over priced..which is why I'm rating this as moderate." I am for sure making this my new place for pedi's!"  but they do a great job and my feet look fantastic when I'm done. They do great nail art (which I take advantage of); last time I got plaid toenails; they were so cute!  Of course I would never go back to this place.  Worse manicure I've got in 20 years.  They don't clearly tell you when you walk in that they consider 1 silver line as 'design' even though the nail technician said that is included in the $5 French manicure design  and they still look perfect. Highly recommend these people!" I started calling nail salons at 6:50 pm asking what time they close and they all said 7 and hung up on me until I called Tammy's. The lady who answered the phone was so sweet and told me to come in even though they were closing in 10 minutes. I got a pedicure and my eyebrows waxed. I was happy with the end result of the pedicure but  the lady could have given a better massage. I was also happy with my eyebrows and the lady who did them didn't give me a dirty look when I gave her feedback of what I wanted. The salon is average nothing fancy but I will definitely come back for the fabulous customer service which always wins in my book. This is a great price at a great location!" I went in for a mani/pedi today. Crystal talked me into the deluxe pedi and I'm so glad I did!  Best pedi I ever had! The singing/ humming she did along with it was icing on the cake :) Anna did my mani at the same time and I was in heaven! She even did a little back massage at the end. I'll be going back.  I did call Ms. X back that day on her cell and left a message explaining that I would not be returning to the salon and why. I regret not speaking to a manager to give the business a chance to make amends. As it is would def recommend and continue driving 15 miles to see Eve again." z7F5NHgN1iqSaNDbADhvlA  whom I've come to think of as my second family.  I spend every other Saturday with these people and they are golden."  but she makes my hair look so good in the salon that I can't duplicate it myself at home (dangit!)  Mikel is the nail tech I see and she has many clients that have been seeing her for years (including me). Shannon is the aesthetician and does a FABULOUS wax!! I would recommend this salon to anyone!" This is the place I go for my waxing and facial needs. Shannon is an absolute doll and someone who has become a friend. She takes care oft facial and makes me feel good about myself! The family has been seeing Misty for more than 10 years...she's the Goddess of Do's!  I was referred to a stylist at Salon Boulevard by my friend.  I honestly cannot thank my friend and my new stylist Eve enough.  I thought I would have to get all my hair chopped off to fix the bad cut.  Eve saved me about 5 inches of hair."  where are you? Salon Boulevard needs you!)"  amazing. He worked with me and within a few short weeks my hair was shiny and soft and gorgeous. Since then I've gone blonde to dark brown to bright red  the only person I will ever let touch my eyebrows. People constantly complement me on how ""perfect"" my eyebrows are. I am also in love with the peels and masks. I used to have fine lines on my forehead and a worry line between my eyebrows  I dont go to anyone else. He can do everything from a simple refreshment cut to a ""bitchin bob"" as we have come to call it. He will take his time & make sure your look is absolutely perfect  and I love it. The receptionists are always welcoming. Always seem to want to take care of you before you see your stylist or nail tech. They even offer complimentary WINE!!! I was referred by a friend to see Dorene and I have to say "I see Eve Rumore at this salon. I would never allow another stylist or colorist to touch my hair.  I always look polished and professional. She makes me feel like a million bucks!  Love Eve "I've been coming here for years. Everyone here is wonderful and a lot of fun. Eve is my girl! She has been doing my hair (color  not my cup of tea. I prefer somewhere that caters to regular eyebrow waxing- not a make-do situation." "I had Rob give me a color and a trim this evening and it was great! Everyone is super friendly and fun. I just wanted my hair a shade or two lighter and to neaten up some split ends. I had a great time! Cozy little place. The price isn't cheap Tammy is the best and Rob is so entertaining you're guaranteed several good laughs during your visit.  Enough said. "A friend of mine referred me to this salon and I'm so happy she did.  I have had terrible experiences before with salons taking advantage of me cost wise I usually don't post reviews on yelp unless I had the perfect experience.  I've been seeing Elina for months now and have nothing but great things to say about her and this location! I was made comfortable and I didn't feel awkward at all! She was extremely professional and kind. I would recommend her to everyone. Something that is also essential for me is cleanliness. They have disposable paper lining like you would see in a doctor's office and an autoclave. Scheduling an apt is a breeze.  quick and the location is perfect for me. I've never had to wait and everything is clean and new. The only thing I dislike is that when the owner is having a bad day  My first hand custom Spray tan! I loved it. I thought id feel funky standing there in my drawers but he made me feel like i was family. All in all this place is great  nice extras in the rooms like baby wipes and extra towels) but I think you get the point by now.  Just check this place out The owners of this place are great. They keep the place clean and they offer several options for tanning. They have a good selection of lotions too. I also appreciate that they offer a discount to the local gym members. I'm very fair skinned and I go to Mexico on vacation every summer... this is my place to pre-tan so I don't burn in Mexico. This place isn't one of those fancy schmancy salons.  Healthy Glow is run in a professional healthcare environment.  In fact Monica's sister Dr. Teresa Vesco shares the same office and is a successful naturopathic medicine physician."  you know how hard it is to find an amazing eyebrow waxer! There's no need to search hi and low anymore! Monica is BY FAR the best... EVER! She's been doing this over 20 years or so and she's seriously amazing! I've been going to her about 5-6 years now and I won't go anywhere else!"  I already booked for next month. She has a strong mastery of skin care and knowledge. I had a classic facial and highly recommend." "Had my 1st facial ever today with Monica. A ""classic"" facial was given to me as a birthday gift and it was awesome. My face never looked so good and refreshed. Monica gave me so much good information for future care. For a mature woman (59) it is worth a visit."  how do I do it?  I tell them my fountain of youth is Healthy Glow Skincare inside Arizona Natural Health & Skin Care.  Monica and her team provide first-class skincare services in a serene environment.  It is truly a place for mind  uniform experience.  While massage enthusiasts will no doubt decry Massage Envy like hamburger enthusiasts do for Mickey D's (and I don't blame them) Massage Envy is a great place for someone who has never had a massage before and wants to try it  this is a pretty awesome experience for $49 a month for your first massage and then $39 for any other massages you receive during that same month. They also have a family discount plan. If you need to use a different location  it won't be long until a better place comes along that offers quality massages at a cheaper price without the high-pressure sales environment." "I give the 2 stars because my therapist is the one that deserves the stars. I was very disappointed in the way my appointment was handled. I requested the apt online first and in that request I mentioned I had just ran a half marathon. They called to make the apt  but it was definitely a bit annoying since I had just spent 90 minutes trying to relax & clear my head." I would highly recommend Enrique for a massage.  Great technique.  Great membership prices and great walk-in schedule for those last minute needs." I felt like I should have been PAID to have been there instead of PAYING for the service it was THAT tortuous!!!!" I love Massage Envy!  I would NEVER be able to afford a massage every 3 weeks if the prices were not so reasonable. I've been a member since Massage Envy opened and I get an hour massage every 3 weeks with my therapist Steven. I am a fan!  I love deep tissue and he works out all the knots and pains in my back because I work on a computer all day.  I would recommend Steven to anyone that wants a great deep tissue massage!  and I keep coming back. I love how comfortable I feel and of course the massages are great. The front of the house staff is always very friendly and I often see them cleaning when they have down time. I see Janet regularly and she is the best. I have seen other massage therapists when she is off or booked and I have never had a bad experience. Check them out!"  the desk attendant asks you want you need and so does your therapist. I don't object to this but I do object to it taking away from your appointment time. I have been to many spas where you are told to arrive 15 minutes early to check in and speak with your therapist. They should use this method here so customers don't feel they need to purchase 1 1/2 hour messages to get a good massage." "Worst customer service I've ever had. I would never go here again  let me clarify that I have never had a bad massage here with anyone; they have always been good. Daniel is just extremely good at what he does! I hear more and more people request him and he's the reason I keep my membership. You won't be disappointed!" I have always had a good experience at this Massage Envy. I get in on time and never feel rushed to get out. I would recommend this location."  was absolutely awesome! She didn't talk my ear off or cut my time short. She dug into my knots with the perfect pressure and made sure I was comfortable the entire time. I'm pleasantly surprised by my experience today after a series of awful ones just a few miles away. Thank you to all the staff at the Thunderbird location! I'll be back soon!"  nice and efficient. I've had several therapists and they've all been really good. I would definately suggest the hot stone therapy!!" I was in a major car accident a fee years ago and I have been having some discomfort with my and back Liz is awesome she did a great job with reliving my neck stiffness. The Memberships they offer are very reasonable. I'm looking forward to seeing her again. "I was very disappointed to have had my massage cancelled on me last minute. I had scheduled a prenatal massage a week before. I received a call 2 hours prior to scheduled massage notifying me that the massage therapist that was scheduled for me does not do prenatal massages. As a pregnant woman in my 6th month I was devastated!! I will never schedule here again!!! They are very unorganized and do not know how to run a business. Also  and she gave a great deep tissue massage. She focused on my knot/pulled area and still gave a great all over body massage as well. I was very sore the next day...but the day after started to feel much better. Bravo! I'll be back!"  she could guess what certain medical problems I had without me having to say anything. She was so knowledgable and professional. I really felt like she knew what she was talking about. I highly recommend her!! I even scheduled a follow up appointment in 2 weeks because I like her so much. She was great at applying pressure to parts I can never get. My back feels so much better- I feel like my posture looks better even!"  it's a massage envy so don't come expecting four seasons spa experience. The front desk staff is always different every time I go in but they are courteous and pleasant. The only reason I give it 3 stars is because it's nothing spectacular other than Enrique! Get a massage with him for sure!" I had a bunch of massages built up because I didn't want to chance it on a new therapist.  I totally lucked out today and will definitely be back soon!!" I had a massage with Giva at the Paradise Valley location today and what a pleasant experience. She is very caring and listens to all your needs. I will definitely come back to her. Thank you  which is false advertising and is slowly pushing me to stop going here. If I check in somewhere like today and  am offered a complimentary add-on Steven did my massage a few weeks ago and he was superb!  I would highly recommend him to anyone. He could tell I wasn't in the mood to chat and commenced massaging. I felt a world better afterwards. I hope to return again in the near future.  relaxing experience. My husband and I went to use a gift card we have held onto for 4 years. The only thing I am disappointed in is waiting that long to use it. Ronnie did a great job and could tell I was looking for a relaxing experience and did not want to chat. Friendly staff. Can't wait to go back!" Usually I am uncomfortable with a male masseuse and have been seeing the same person for 4 years. Steven made me feel like I was in heaven for an hour. I definitely recommend him. The lady at the front was super nice and everyone was very professional. I will be a return client because of the amazing experience! I hope this time a real manager will call me back so disappointed and upset with them. You pay the money and won't get the service stay away from being a member with them!!!!!"  we were never called back for confirmation and when we showed up they were not apologetic nor did they try to accommodate us. Actually don't really think they wanted us there. This is the reason I like to go to REAL spas and not a strip mall pit stop. I agree with other yelpers their customer service is the worst I have experienced."  executing the perfect amount of pressure through excellent communication skills. He has helped me recover from multiple back injuries. I highly recommend Frank and the PV location. Everyone is kind and friendly at the desk as well." "My service was fine i told the therapist my concerns she ignored them and continued her job. the customer service was terrible. It was my first time and i paid on card and left a $14 cash tip which the owner and also 3 other front desk agents saw- the owner or manager took the cash put it  in the draw and said ""$14 cash for Cindy"". My appointment was at 4 JYRp5gBs04z683JoO8ANOw  you should treat yourself to regular visits at your closest Massage Envy.  Well worth it.  Your body will thank you.  There are many many massage therapists that are excellent here.  Great staff!  Thank you!"  I took whoever was free at the time and that happened to be Ronnie. I was VERY lucky for this twist in fate. Ronnie gave me the most amazing hot stone massage. The pressure was perfect all the way through and his communication was on point. He was extremely professional  and excellent energy. He has a great ability to hold space for people and has great boundaries. His work is top notch and he is continuing his education. I look forward to seeing him next week." 