 and it is a great place to get a cooked meal as well.  I ordered a small oxtail plate with rice n peas and cabbage and 2 codfish fritters to go and was very satisfied with my meal.  It was hot  "They have a Caribbean grocery store with a peculiar selection of herbal remedies. That is not what I went there for. The main attraction is their restaurant. A friend recommended the jerk chicken I definitely recommend this place but just make sure you are hungry when you go!" The best goat roti in Charlotte! I do want to go back and give it another try before I give up on this place" All the grocery items I need are also here. Will be back!"  I found some great curry powders and other items for a recipe.  I also tried the food since it was around lunch-I tried the curry chicken with cabbage and rice ...it was just ok so I'll stick to buying their curry powder for now." "When I moved to Charlotte I was craving some patties and this place has the best ones I've tasted here (so far). The curry goat is very good  I'm just wondering how you're out of plantains when you have a grocery store inside of your business. We've found better Jamaican food restaurants in Charlotte and will not be back to Island Grocery." CKJkZ7qOQl7uK3Dz0ViLNw I am from Guyana and I am glad this place exists. I am able to buy what I need without having to wait for someone to travel back home and THEN bring the items back.  I have had some of the food there before and I thought it was pretty good.  I will going there to pick up some Casareep and some  Pholourie Mix.  and the stew chicken is fall off the bone tender. I've eaten here a few times and the service tends to be friendly  you don't expect speedy service so that's a given. Decided to order two patties and the mac and cheese. The patties were decent and the mac and cheese didn't have much seasoning. I've never tried the jerk chicken  I've been on the search to find good Jamaican food and I'm so glad I found this place. It's a half hour drive from my house and it's well worth the drive. The service of the staff is great Had lunch special. Jerk chicken with 2 sides fur only 5.50 and includes a can soda. Chicken was good but not as spicy as I would have liked. Store also has many authentic Caribbean food and spices. I would go back again. "Worst customer service. Don't buy groceries here because you'll be stuck with stale and dry products that they refuse to exchange (not even asking for a refund).  They don't even have a non-return policy posted but yet blame the customer for having ""unrealistic expectations"" of their products. Not worth it. Never again." Great little place! Went there strictly to eat. Ordered the jerk chicken with fried plantains and white rice and a ginger beer. Delicious! Got a small portion and definitely thought they had made a mistake and given me a large. This is a great little spot for lunch. Not a lot of room though. 