 and good quality food & coffee. Panera is a great place to hang out and read the news - they even have free WiFi! Try their toasted sandwiches "I live close by so I go here frequently pretty much for the free WIFI and espresso. But here's a secret - they don't seem to know what an Americano is so often I am charged like 75 cents for a double shot of espresso to which they add hot water upon my request. Needless to say coffee is not expensive here as you can fill up as many times as needed without being hassled. Although there regular coffee is undrinkable to my taste. Pastries are baked fresh and are plentiful. There is other foods to choose from ie whole grain bagels are edible and about a buck with no extra charge for butta. Outside seating and people watching is always a good distraction plus there are all kinds of people who frequent this Panera from the very very old and decrepit to the fashionistas taking a break from Victoria Secrets  Panera is my best choice.  It's definitely predictable and usually tasty.  But there isn't much special about it  give a fork with the Mac and Cheese I'll definitely be returning soon!"  we asked why they made us that instead of what we ordered---'oh it was the closest to what you wanted'.....hmmmm how about you tell us that before we pay They have warm cookies for $2.00.  That is a nice feature."  and all around nicer.  Of course I would never go out of my way to get here but if you're at Barnes and Noble and aren't happy with the sandwiches there (which I was) I would venture on over to Panera." Service here is pretty bad. They were out of napkins and cup lids. I ordered chicken tortellini pasta and chicken noodle soup. My chicken seemed undercooked in the pasta and there wasn't any chicken in my soup. "Amazing amazing place and I really enjoy to eat there and drink the prices they not high Panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant I have ever been to. I have posted two pictures of the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad. The first one looks delicious the second one looks like they could've used a smaller bowl. It did not even look appetizing.  ingredients included.  After looking through it for a few minutes I was able to select the bread I wanted.  They will sliced the bread thick or thin for you there right now.  If you would rather slice yourself FiXamVMgMf9U0VqFHDZSEA Non existent internet service.   I came here to do some work on my laptop and the internet speed wasn't strong enough.  :( If you need a place to meet someone to chat or get some work done it is a good place. Food wise there are many other choices to consider around the city for better food at the same prices." "Panera is one of our family's favorite restaurants. Everything is great. Kids love bagels and chicken noodle soup. Adults usually order ""you pick two"". Sandwiches  the service is slow and unfriendly (there was no line and it took a few moments for someone to notice there were customers trying to order). I was surprised that I was automatically given a baguette with my meal rather than being offered a choice between the bread I normally eat here when I'm in a hurry and don't have time to sit down at a regular restaurant. They do use fresh breads and they do cater. You can also order your holiday baked goods or breads for your parties." Stopped by Sunday morning. The light roast coffee was cold. I ordered a Steak & Egg breakfast sandwich. The Steak was ice cold. The slice of tomato that I had them add was not ripe. Panera quality should be consistent no matter what location you visit. Very disappointing considering their pricing structure. "DO NOT EAT THE PASTRIES! We saw the manager do a nightly count of all the pastries and touched everyone with his fingers (no gloves). I commented and said excuse me you are touching all of the pastries with no gloves??! He looked at me and said  there's a big hump in the floor - see if you can find it!" "Service here has gone considerably downhill. Orders messed up  rainy and cool...so had a bowl of low fat veggie...very nice and a greek salad that is pretty good.  The best part was the fresh baked bread." Great soups and sandwiches. Good people at the counter!" The difference maker (4 isntead of 3 stars) is that the staff at this one is nice."  but I'm not complaining! Bonus star for this Panera because it's actually made its entire interior comfortable and encourages people to relax and use its wi-fi  I like Panera. I love their you pick two combos. Awesome grilled cheese and tomato soup and desserts. It's a nice place to hang out while you're waiting for your car to get inspected." "I used to love Panera but as the years have gone by their standards of both food and service has declined greatly. It's a gamble if you are going to get good food and service or if the D team is working that day and they serve cold soup and sandwiches that look like Stevie Wonder  made them. I have to be deserate now to go there  usually i have hard time at eating places because the music is too loud and it's too dark inside but I keep loving Panera Bread!!! Never get tired of it :) light breakfast  which was perfect since I missed breakfast. I also recall sometime ago I had one of their chocolate chip cookies that was excellent. The establishment is clean and well laid-out. They always seem to have a nice selection of soups salads and desserts. I've never seen it get too crowded which allows for good conversation without any need to shout. I am a satisfied repeat customer." I feel like their breakfast treats leave more to be desired and their coffee is so so. I generally wouldn't come here for breakfast. Their pastries do not have enough flavor to me  pastries and savories both.  Soups are great.  The chicken soba bowl is delicious."  but this Panera ranks lowest of the low! Poor service  I've waited anxiously for 10 months to eat a Bacon Turkey Bravo sandwich. I ordered one today and received a sub par sandwich. Instead of the amazing tomato bread I got plain rye. Instead of my favorite Gouda cheese I received American. The most amazing thing is that there is literally no bacon on my bacon turkey bravo sandwich. Wtf? I really hope that this specific Panera Bread is to blame as I would hate to stop eating at this restaurant all together."  it is a Panera.  Same as the other thousands out there.  But I did find the people working at this one to be very friendly.  For OK tasting soup and sandwiches in a family friendly atmosphere this is a good option."  and-- pregnant women take note-- there's caffeine-free Diet Pepsi in the fountain. I appreciate the free wifi."  they have a french roast that puts Starbucks to shame." Even Burger King doesn't microwave their breakfast!" "What's with the new bistro French onion soup? I liked the old soup better. Too many onions Asian Sesame Chicken Salad is my favorite 'healthy' lunch. Needs more registers in the mornings. Mildly unorganized. But the breakfast sandwich is worth the wait.  although you're dropping almost $6 on a PB&J or Mac N Cheese. If you order a YOU-PICk-TWO combo you can throw in a dessert item for $0.99." It's a great place to meet friends or clients. It's a great place for families." The ambiance is great at this location due to their seating options; outside  otherwise it probably would have been alright. The chili soup wasn't hot. At least the apple was alright." So if you are looking for a place that's crowded I know that this restuarant thrives on portion control so it can keep prices down Good food but odd that they lost my lunch order. Thanks to those manning the counter who realized I was waiting and filled the order on the spot.  awful awful place even though i have very good experience with other panera bread"  always clean. You really can't go wrong with soup in a bread bowl."  and poor customer service is worth the bagel."  served quickly and efficiently.  One day I wish you would just screw the pooch and deliver something awful so I can live out my dream of openly hating you.  But not today.  You delivered another tasty lunch." "Ordered the pick 2 and tried the new turkey cranberry flatbread and the tortellini Alfredo. The pasta is delicious.. Not a huge fan of the flatbread I appreciated that there was a good number of baked goods. Not to mention  I had a hard time swallowing and then I bolted to the bathroom where I proceeded to empty the contents of my stomach (I'll leave it at that). The rest of the afternoon was spent in bed  there was no dark roast.  :-(  But good food. Quick friendly service." Their food is always very good! I love their season salads with the strawberries in them. Wish they were always available. Broccoli cheese soup is my favorite.  Con: This place is always insanely busy.  but the service is really slow and they aren't super friendly. I called in to place an order but the phone rang and rang snd rang. I tried a few minutes later and the same thing happened. And again. And again. When I got there  they just can't get their act together. This location needs new management and new employees. Steer clear."  wish this wasn't the one close to me."  food just OK and WiFi horrible. but maybe that's the way they want it. would NOT return to this one. too bad no corner bakery nearby"  you've got to be there before 3pm. The quality of food is about what you would expect from a McDonaldized bakery. Most people don't know that they don't literally bake there; things come either half-baked and/or frozen and are finished in the store. Not terrible Update: finally got the smoothie 15 minutes after we finished eating." "Never had issues with Panera restaurants until I visited the one located by the mall. My order was about 15 mins apart. The kitchen seemed like they didn't care to speed up the line knowing it was getting busy. But there was a nice girl that was at the register who apologized and tried getting the rest of my order  I stopped for breakfast because I had an early morning appointment and needed breakfast. Was hoping to get something a little healthier than just starchy bread  ordering has slowed to much too long of a wait.  Might have to take Panera out of the lunch rotation."  I was prompted with an error message that just said ""ingredients in your order are unavailable. Please edit your order."" It didn't indicate which items were unavailable. So I got back in. Waited for maybe 15 minutes because they had only one register open during a busy time. When I finally got up to the register and ordered The food is good. Service is decent. The staff is super nice. Their wifi is slow. You can only be on their slow wifi for 30 minutes. Wait times for food have just gotten terrible. Once my go to lunch spot stinks for service.  Someone in management needs to get a clue! 