http:  www.mcninchhouserestaurant.com " I feel that the ambiance was what really won me over and if I were ever to go back it would again be on my Boss' dime!!" "I am going to keep this simple. My wife and I ate dinner at the McNinch house for our 5 year anniversary. The place was so slow. The valet guy was our waiter and bus boy. (probably the chef also McNinch House is such a special place to experience an amazing meal. It's pricey and well worth every penny: I'm still talking about my meal 2.5 years later. We probably spent about $400 all in  the house is stunning and historic if you like antiques and victorian style decor.  The wine tastings are $20 bucks per person and include usually 7 or so wines and heavy apps.  You can wander throughout the downstairs or on the peaceful porch with your wine.  It is the perfect Monday happy hour!  Love you McNinch!!!  :-D"  I remember the experience like it was yesterday.  For a proper experience be prepared to pay in excess of $200 per person for the entrees and wine pairing.  My wife and I opted for the Chef's tasting menu  all delicious. Next visit I will definitely try the chefs tasting menu. Don't be put off by the number of courses  a pleasant experience but doesn't live up to the reviews or the price tag.  My guess is they do much better for a standard service rather than a banquet service of 40 people." Four star 4 diamond yea right."  it was good but not great. If you're interested in a romantic dinner in a charming home We went to this resturant for our anniversary. I loved the atmosphere.  It was like we had gone back into time.  I think that is the idea.  This is an old house with a lot of elegance.  The service was excellent.  We did the bistro menu which is three courses plus sorbet.  The first course was the best. Fried green tomato with a crab cake.  I have never had a fried green tomato like this one.  It was absolutely incredible. The crab cake was also excellent. The ribeye was OK. It wasn't my favorite part of the meal but it was good. I wasn't expecting such a smoked flavor.  The dessert was fabulous.  They gave me a rose and gave us glasses of champagne because it was our anniversary. Very romantic pace for dinner.  service and staff were nothing short of superb. Thank you for a wonderful night."  George's Brasserie.  We thoroughly enjoyed the dining experience here."  and so moist. None of that powdery or clumpy feel that you get at a factory. Served with a bourbon-vanilla-cream sauce on the plate. The sauce was sweet We had a 5-course meal and wine pairings.  The wine is why I gave it 2-stars; otherwise would've been worse as food was very bland.  No creativity to the cooking.  I enjoy extremely nice meals but McNinch is way overpriced for what you get.  but there was not an extra line to charge my card.   Bravo for such a wonderful and memorable evening!"  McNinch is a must do for locals and people visiting alike." A fantastic evening and Wesley could not have been a more pleasant wine steward. Atmosphere truly for the Christmas season. Yes our next special outing will be the McNinch House. Be sure you get the crab cake appetizers!!!!! For that special occasion with that special person I hope to someday return to McNinch House. I do recommend this restaurant with some reservation (but not the food - it was wonderful.)"  the classical music playing is somewhat cliche of a 1980s movie scene where a ragamuffin walks in and every turns and looks at them I have been several times for special occasions. I am never disappointed at the food or service. This place knows fine dinning. You dont go for a quick meal. Its all about the experience at this restaurant. Absolutely do the wine pairing. I've been to a lot of REALLY nice places but the McNinch House left the biggest impression. I was really pleased with not only the food and decor but the level of care and professionalism demonstrated by Corey and Wesley. I went with a friend and we spent about $400. It was worth every penny. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to big groups unless you can keep the noise down. I'll definitely be back.  I felt the salmon was overcooked.  I found that the filet was also a little more medium than I would have liked (I like medium-rare).  I wasn't asked how I wanted anything prepared The only reason I give it 4 5 is because it says there is valet but when you pull up we were confused by the sign and no one came out even though we waited.  We parked anyways in the back and walked in and didn't get greeted.  We had to ask another man what we were supposed to do.  So it took awhile to get started but once we were settled everything was amazing."  which means the valet much have hit the wrong button when pulling my car up and thankfully it didnt come open during the trip home." Overall.. I guess we would say we liked the McNinch House. I don't think they had the best food in Charlotte for our palate but they've been awarded 15th consecutive Four Diamond designation from AAA and are listed as one of the top ""extraordinary"" restaurants in America by Zagat's Dining Guide Easily the best and most romantic restaurant in Charlotte!! This tiny establishment has THE HIGHEST rating in Charlotte (they are a five star -four diamond). The chief is amazing and always willing to change the menu around to fit your needs. I hate sweet potato but decided to try their sweet potato appetizer and it was to die for. The staff are extremely attentive and very delightful. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a night to remember!! The problem is that the portions are so tiny that we were practically hungry when our courses were finished. I'm well aware that in fine dining establishments the portions tend to be small. I've been to enough very high end restaurants to understand that. However  but the food is not what you expect from a resturant of this caliber. The flavor profile on each dish was off and odd. The steak was overcooked. The cheesecake looked and tasted like it was a store bought frozen dessert. Very disappointing and unexceptable for a resturant rated this high. Yes   it's a lot and very rich. Excellent new (for me) and creative dishes. Wesley running the wine pairings is also tremendous." Quick Shoutout to the woman how sat behind us who felt it OK to blow her nose for 2.5 hours while we ate."  but definitely worth every penny. They do have a full bar as wel as someone to walk you through an amazing wine selection of you choose to go that way."  that wine was not included and was a $300 bottle. A heads up would have been nice before they popped the cork and handed us the check: That was shady McNinch House. I've eaten all over the world never had that ""miscommunication."" Also  which was cool. The food exceptional. Was given a cantaloupe gazpacho to starts things off. Yummy! I had crab cakes and a beet salad for starters. Wonderful! Then green apple sorbet before the main course "Average at best. Went there for the experience and got out with a bill of over $1200.00 ( for two ) and a case of disappointment ( acute). People ( restaurants) do not understand that fine dinning is not just expensive food. Fine dinning is a "" standard "" that everyone in the place ( especially the owner and chef) should keep. It does not matter where in the world the place may be at from the beginning to the end of the meal the customer ought to feel like royalty ( every customer). Maybe I am spoiled after been to Bouley restaurant and Daniel restaurant the two in New York City But when it's called fine dinning It should be so  next time i fly out to charlotte i'll most likely eat at presto again."  we literally could not wait to get out of there. And that doesn't say much considering it was just as hot outside. But it makes it difficult to fully enjoy a meal when you are breaking a sweat eating it. Maybe we went on a bad night. Either way  wine or great weather - but my friends and i had an extended dinner catching up and enjoying each other - by far the best meal of my weekend in charlotte!" I work downtown and we have ordered dinner when we have worked late!!! Their apps are great and large enough to have as a meal! Love their hummas just the right amount of lemon Olive oil and garlic! Yum! Another favorite is the Asian salad. This would also be a great date night spot (reserved for pay day weekends)" 9fxTX1uyyYF4ugx68AG2sg  I just don't have a huge desire to go running back here any time soon. Maybe if I stop by another time I'll try a salad?!"  though more than enough. Be careful not to get full on it prior to the entree. If so My husband and I had the most awesome experience at Prestos our waiter Alex and Alaina were the best they suggested the shrimp & grits and the chicken martini and both were great! We will definently be back thanks for a great dining experience.  fairly busy for lunch time crowd but not swamped. I got the fired tilapia which came with fries and cole slaw. It was good. Cooked right and the fries were just crispy and salty enough for my taste." All in all a good experience.  Check it out!"  but I think this place may be better as a lunch destination."  food was great and the Fried Cheesecake is to die for.  It is now on my list of spots to dine while in Charlotte."  but it's worth the wait.  Seeing a supermoon rise above the skyscrapers from there was a great view.  It's also a good option when the restaurants closer to the heart of uptown are crowded."  it is disappointing! Those are two items we have come to enjoy at Presto!  Perhaps mussels are out of season? Well...are flour tortillas to make the quesadillas also out of season :-(.  Our crew will return....the drink specials were great....one person in the party did not like the rubbery steak wrap....but for the most part....they are worthy of another visit!   And I loved the Hot Mama....ohhhh that is pizza served with pesto and other wonderful fresh ingredients..so very good!  And...one of these days.... all restaurants will waive the fees to open a bottle of wine....and there will be no corking fee!!!  I love my wine...I don't like corking fees!!!" I'd probably suggest eating somewhere else and just coming here for the hookah. The menu looks positively bland  1 major one.  First - the water at this establishment is disgusting.  My friend got water with ice and it was awful and so I got water without ice and it was just as awful.  And I don't mean a slight aftertaste... it was very apparent to both of us that something was wrong with it.  It tasted like metal or plastic.  Which makes me worry that the water they use in cooking and other drinks like ice tea or lemonade is contaminated with something.  Second issue The curly fries that came with our meals were reminiscent of Jack 'n' the box  but it seemed like there was a missing ingredient. Overall  I get complaints about it all the time but nothing I can do about it."" I ordered a hamburger and when it came the bun was stale and the meat tasted freezer burned. While we were there the table next to us was complaining about the food also. Like I said maybe just an off night but we won't be back."  but their credit card machines were down for like an hour... they did comp us drinks while we waited though. So The $20 for $40 YELP special came in handy.  It pays to check in!"  but this is honestly the worst food I have ever eaten out at a restaurant in my life. I dont suggest going here for food EVER (maybe for the drink specials and hookah but nothing else)."  they replaced the bowl with bacon this time and added a stalk of greenry...hummmm.  The chef salad was a presto creation...a mound of meat and cheese that didn't look nice at all.  I was till trying to figure out why service took so long it was on a few Oh yeah should of walk out when saw it was also a ""Hookah"" lounge The place could use some updating. Some colleagues of mine had the tilapia lunch special and it was HUGE with an abundant amount of fries too."  then sit downstairs...it seems that they had better service. Well drinks on Fridays are $5.00 and not worth it. Pizza was decent and the spinach artichoke dip was pretty awesome." Very poor service. Unremarkable at best.  mac n cheese.  Man I wish there was a joint like this in SF!  My Dad once had the soft shell crab hoagie and almost cried it was sooo good..."  and the food comes out quickly. There can be a long wait if you get there right at noon "This place is ok.  It can be crowded (meaning you could be waiting) and the service is not great.  The food was fine "I think that this place is worth going to just for the corn bread they bring you before the meal.  It is the best corn bread that I have ever tasted (and they serve it with honey butter  it's just good. Whenever I am in Charlotte I go to Mert's if I can and I always order the bar-b-cue short ribs. These ribs are different than what I get back in Texas in that they are served entree style instead of your usual ""rack-o'-ribs"". They fall off the bone in a nice sweet BBQ sauce. Very tasty! The sides are always good too. The service is laid back diner style. That being said  and attentive.  Carmela...thank you so much for taking me to this place! I had itis for the rest of the afternoon!"  finding Mert's was a pleasure.  Keeping prices down and providing a great experience is hard at any restaurant but Mert's doesn't skimp when it comes to down home food.  The tables are basic and the look and feel are simple "Total gem! Awesome Southern cooking at a very affordable price. We came here for lunch before heading to the airport on our way out of time  but it was totally worth it. Best collard greens ever! Everything we had was good yams It was a total disappointment for me. I was embarrassed for recommending this restaurant."  try to arrive before 11:30 a.m. or after 1 p.m.  Outside seating is extra bonus if the weather is nice  or those looking for something a little more chic  and you often see various members of the family working the registers or serving tables. They talk to all the patrons like they're newly inducted members of the family  throw your table manners to the wind and enjoy.  This is down-home cooking in a casual atmosphere and reasonably priced.  It can be very busy and I recommend trying it out your first time when it's not dinner rush or on a weekend.  But even if you do it's well worth the wait." Soul Food is right.  Eating here is like having a spiritual revival meeting in your mouth.  You feel like a better person after having eaten here.  A better person who will die of a massive heart attack in 5 minutes."  which is the perfect touch to the home-cooking you're getting here. Check it out--definitely a nice change of pace from most of what you'll find downtown."  which is a convenient perk. I've been to a couple events catered by Mert's. Mm mm."  the brunch breakfast options seemed very limited and their taste was just average.  We crossed Mert's off our list as a feasible brunch option II wouldn't recommend it for this time of day) but may return to give their lunch or dinner a try.  I do love a good fried catfish!"  and at least 5 people asked my (twin) brother and I if we were twins. This never happens in the Midwest or Northeast. One of the women working hit on his pretty hard. That was fun." Overall rating - Just an OK."  maybe even practice a few y'alls while your there!" "All I can say is YUM!  You really can't go wrong here.  The atmosphere fits the cuisine and I loved all of it.  (Okay except for the sauteed squash but this is no biggie).  The fried chicken "Mert's has my favorite collard greens and corn bread in Charlotte.  The salmon cakes are delicious as are the pork chops.  Fried chicken is above average  i had the smothered chicken lunch special with greens and string beans and everything was good. I'd give the food 3.5 stars but the place and the people were great which bumps it up a half star to 4 stars."  I would not be compelled to re-visit...and I love Soul Food."  and the service was sooo slow (even by laid back southern standards)." The fried catfish was perfect.  The sides were good too.  the service was good and the people friendly.  Good place. I have been a couple times and I am sure that I will go again  if you're not in NC...get there immediately and go to Mert's."  soul food knows no boundaries; everybody should be able to appreciate fried The price was right and the food was great. I think I might need to plan another trip to Charlotte soon so I can eat at Merts again!" We tried to go there again on Monday {Labor Day} but it was closed.  I am now trying to move to Charlotte and this restaurant would easily be a Sunday Dinner spot for me." Go to Mert's if you want good southern comfort food!  their cornbread is great and they always have lots of cakes and pies for dessert options.  This place is a Charlotte tradition and if you are visiting town - plan a have at least 1 meal here.  okra and slaw.  Since I feel that my entree was only a bit above average I'd rate this 3 stars.  For a soul food place this I would definitely come back for the salmon cake and cornbread.  I enjoyed my food and the portions. The waitstaff was helpful and very friendly.  It was an overall pleasant place to have dinner."  but we were able to get seated within 30 minutes or so.  Waitress was great.  I ordered the shrimp and grits.  Came in a bowl with two delicious pieces of bread.  Ate every last piece.  Delicious!!  Shared the chocolate cake for dessert.  What a find!  To the woman on the flight from Atlanta to Charlotte  to have the Soul Food experience I've been dreaming of. Sadly  with friendly service and reasonable prices. Breakfast for two with drinks ran about $34. Definitely on my list to go back to the next time I'm in Charlotte." I'll be back here the next time I'm in Charlotte." So happy I chose this place for lunch during my day in Charlotte. Fun atmosphere and great food! "Cornbread!! So yummy.  We took our friend visiting here for some ""soul food"" and Mert's did not disappoint.  Come with an appetite!"  look for the big ""EAT"" sign seen in the pics. The Mert's sign isn't as easy to pinpoint especially while driving. And when you walk in  I don't know much about ""soul food"" but the beef BBQ ribs were awesome and served with Mac and cheese plus red beans. service was very fast and friendly. I love the EAT sign in front."  and I didn't finish half my plate I decided not to take home the rest and wished I didn't eat the calories I ate the catfish wasn't worth it. I decided to give them one last try on a slice of pound cake to take home with me. It was wrapped up in Saran wrap and put in a box when i opened it "Hit up merts for dinner last night..  Had the Fried catfish and Beef rib combo.  Whole fried catfish was a little tough to negociate the bones and didnt not yeald much fish. ""The beef rib"" was chopped up and in a small pile bones and all.  Like other have said the goodness in in the sides..  Mac and Cheese was real and had a nice crust on the top and the corn bread was good.. athough the piece my wife got looked like it was in the oven a littlel too long and dried out a bit.  Overall decent stop"  Bruce Bruce and Anthony Hamilton frequent this place. And if its good enough for Bruce Bruce Cornbread here is best I've had. BBQ is decent but the fried chicken was soggy and lacked flavor. I've had better in California. Not the best soul food representation for the south. SOUTHERN COOKIN and SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY to the MAX! This Cali girl was floored. When I came in...I thought people confused me for a loyal local...but no...they are just that nice. I had the blackened catfish with rice and veggies. The cornbread was on point! I hope to hit this place up again when I return to Charlotte! "We were visiting from San Diego and only in town for one day. Someone recommended Mert's for some good soul food.  Exactly what we were looking for!  The fried green tomatoes and the corn bread were absolutely amazing Definitely a great choice for some good southern food that isn't too expensive.  I use to frequent this restaurant almost weekly before relocating to Arizona.  I must say it's one of the main things I miss about living in Charlotte.  Have yet to find a place like it (especially in Arizona) I wanted to eat everything on the menu and nearly did. I ate the lamb chops - unbelievable! Mac and cheese was very good. The desserts just about killed me but I could not pass on them since I knew I was leaving town the next day. If you are anywhere near Charlotte you have to visit this place."  the black eyed peas and collard greens are excellent.  You will need a nap after lunch here." mpDxBBGywUE6GRRKja3sBA  but we waited for close to an hour and still nothing showed up at our table.  The people that were sitting at our original table had been served and had already left.  We asked our waitress a number of times why we weren't getting our food I would recommend eating here if you like good home-cooked food." The cornbread is outstanding."  I can only rate a place by tasting their chicken salad and Mert's chicken salad was AWESOME! The grits was delicious and the omelette serving was perfect (not too big  but comfortable and clean as well.  The atmosphere works well here.   I ordered the jumbo chicken wings with greens and mac-n-cheese as my sides.  The chicken wings were big and fried crispy Our server was such a sweetheart so that made the experience 4 stars for me!" Overall I was pretty happy with my selection. The waitress was friendly and I'd go here again." mpDxBBGywUE6GRRKja3sBA Love love loved it. I will look forward to coming back on each visit home!"  super yummy southern biscuits!  Looks a little dingy but that's the charm."  the staff here will usually go out of their way to make sure you have a great meal. Everything I've tried is great  the people are super nice."  patatoe salad (not traditional but very good) and the collard greens are spectacular with a twist (a little onion and tomatoe on top)." But plates were dirty. Table dirty. Food just OK." This place is a treat... I will definitely be going back!" "Great comfort food!  Really cool find downtown near the train  speedy (to get people in and out) and friendly." But my mouth is watering at this very moment thinking about that cornbread." Jerry was my waiter. He's the man!  Prompt and polite service without being overbearing." Whenever I want to taste my Mom's cooking I just go to Mert's.   The fried chicken tastes just like hers & the strawberry cake that she used to make for my bday.  I vow to try something different and hope to resist the urge to order the fried chicken again!" LBD Scale- Easy 8. Now doubt in my mind that this place is a trademark southern soul food boutique. If there's any other places that you recommend  the waitress was more than happy to accommodate and she was on top of her game. Love Mert's and have to go back soon!"  the culture here is so rich. This place is worthy of a visit from one of those Food Network Road Scholars for sure! Totally SATISFYING; where else can 5 grown ups eat for $80? If yall don't know you better ask somebody :0) Mert's is all that!" Awesome Southern food for downtown.  The food was incredibly tasty and the interior is a old style diner.  The servers were helpful in picking the right foods."  shrimp grits or ribs and u won't be upset.  Diabetic onset sweet-tea and lemonade are sooo refreshing to wash down this soul-food.  Prices are very reasonable and you will nvr leave there hungry.  Service is great and I alwayz park in the parking deck around the corner." Solid place for a down home lunch and the prices are pretty cheap. I used to get their pulled pork but this last time I saw the server bring out their BLT to another table and food envy hit immediately! Never would I order a BLT at a restaurant but when you put the BLT on a focaccia bread  quick but still very tasty - a nice place to hang out with friends.  King's is better for dressy and classy." I would definitely go back (when I'm off the diet wagon) and would recommend this place to anyone who likes soul food!"  KICK ASS food. Location isn't easy to find at first  left my out-of-town friends with a bad impression of what has usually been a good place." My only gripe is that their isn't a location in Maryland :-( I will def be back next time I'm in Charlotte!!" Definitely worth checking out!"  and left happy. It was not the only time we have been impressed with the friendliness of everyone at Mert's!" I don't know why I waited so long to make a return visit but trust me  which it always seems to be. The ambiance is homey First let me say FREE PARKING!!!! The food was great the service was excellent the potato salad was just wonderful. The staff was super friendly the atmosphere was perfect.  and came with soft butter with just a hint of sweetness.  As for the Soul sampler - I didnt care of the ""soul rolls"" (they were like eggrolls with collard greens inside)  which is not far off what we pay for mcdonald's back home.  Yum!" For Dessert I had Fried Chicken!!!" This place is great!  I'm always 95% satisfied with the food here.   Service is very friendly and fast.  And you can't beat the prices!  Daily specials are very good!   I think everyone should give Mert's a try. Had a fun time in Charlotte and an awesome meal at Mert's!"  but just as enjoyable as eating your soul food in a Southern diner with grease on the walls." I will always return whenever in Downtown."  there was not one crumb of cornbread left. We ordered and shared the fried chicken and bbq ribs. The meat just fell off the bone. Yum. Had collards and macncheese for sides. Oh  collard greens nice and vinegary.  German chocolate cake is moist and delicious!  I went two nights in a row for dinner!  Highly recommended." "This spot is a must go to whenever I'm in Charlotte. The mac&cheese is sooo good. And i just had the soft crab po boy and it was awesome!!! Shrimp and grits are a favorite though i must admit they weren't as good this time as the last  corn bread and collard greens.  staff were super nice and friendly. total southern hospitality!" To sum up my recent trip to Mert's...pretty delicious food yet poor customer service. The only fast service was for the drinks and cornbread. Our waiter was very inconsistent and neglecting us. There were at least four tables with more than three customers which received their entrees before my girlfriend and I did. It will be a very long time before I go to Merts again.  every Jan. 1st. $20 for all you can eat buffet!"  it's a wrap. You'll be knocked out like a newborn after boobie feeding. Service is good "This is one of those places you can go at lunch time and run into everyone from your local car detailer to power-brokers like the former CEO of NationsBank (now Bank of America).  The food is absolutely delish  even for a huge group on a busy evening.  They moved tables around to seat us right away.  I will definitely return to Mert's if I'm in the area again."  we smelled like a grease kitchen for the rest of the day. Best advice is to dine outside! Best piece of lunch was the cornbread." Next time I'm in Charlotte I will definitely be making a pit stop!"  we smelled like a grease kitchen for the rest of the day. Best advice is to dine outside! Best piece of lunch was the cornbread."  but nothing that I would go crazy over."  however the cornbread they brought the whole table was the best thing I had.  Our waitress was very nice and accommodating.  Eating outside was nice as well.  It was very affordable for a downtown spot too.  If you are looking for some good home cooking in the city I had the salmon cake which was so moist and flavor. Their homemade sauce added even more flavor to the already flavorful salmon cake (I just couldn't get enough of it). The vinegary collard greens had diced onion tomato sprinkled on top. The corn bread was fluffy and sweet Price being my primary concern I ended up getting the shrimp po-boy and a side of mac and cheese. There were things that looked better but I ended up only paying about $7 and was very satisfied. Get the mac and cheese; it's delicious!" OMG.  The best!  We love this place!  We visit a couple times per year on business trips to Charlotte.  Service is great and consisten (same folks year to year).  Fried chicken was THE BEST....unless of course you are talking homemade cakes.  We usually sneak a couple slices back to our hotel room.  WE LOVE THIS PLACE  diner style. Don't have the craving to go back"  and I finally found it at Mert's. Excellent service -- our waiter actually had real conversation with us and treated us so kindly. Same thing at check-out.  We WILL be back. I highly recommend this place."  the chicken was still awesome.  I can only imagine how great it would've been if I ate there!" I just wish the ventilation was a little better inside Be prepared to be squished though Overall from the service to the food it was a great experience. I'd recommend it for sure."  warm and hospitable service. Generous portions. Everything was fantastic."  casual service and the home of probably the best cornbread I have ever had in my LIFE. In my view  home fries and coleslaw.  The whiting had a few bones but cooked perfect and my husband asked me to please bring him a piece of red velvet cake back to Texas.  How's that for service?  Nice place and I will go back."  but once you walk in you know you're home! Everyone was super friendly and happy to explain anything on the menu or make recommendations. I had the boneless fried chicken (how do they make plain-ol' chicken taste SO incredible?!) and couldn't decided between coleslaw mpDxBBGywUE6GRRKja3sBA Portions not giant sized but I got a full meal and wasn't sick afterwards.  Reasonably priced - looks like I will be BACK !!"  but the quarter (breast & wing) was too big to pick up and eat with my fingers.  Doing the knife & fork thing took some of the joy out of having my way with this guilty pleasure.  Homey  comfort food in a warm  and had some delicious slices of cake -- german chocolate and caramel!"  and without-a-doubt the best cornbread you'll ever eat. The only thing you don't want is their barbecue (its really not at all like traditional NC barbecue). Prices are reasonable and there's rarely a wait. Ambiance is kind of like a dive On a positive note the service was fast and friendly and the restaurant itself has a lot of memorabilia that makes for interesting conversation pieces. So for me Mert's is just ok." "One whiff of the food outside and you are ready to get on the inside.  Their food is off the chain!  Had chicken wings and collard greens.  Food for the soul.....um um good!  Red velvet cake again honey?  Oh well Our server was so very friendly and kept us happy with regular check-ins and refills on sweet tea. My only random nit was the vinyl table covering. I trust it's clean Loved the ambience and the staff.  The food was alright.  I grew up on southern cooking so I'm tough to please.  The one thing I will tell you is that their braised cabbage is THE BEST I've ever had.  Get three orders of it and make it your meal. The service was fast and friendly." Fried chicken was great.  Sides were somewhat disappointing.  Cornbread was amazing!" Service was very friendly.  Great experience overall." "In my opinion EPIC FAIL ...... I'm from Charlotte and my first time going there was last week and boy was i not impressed. I guess when soul food come to my mind i think of greatness because I'm from the south People keep suggesting macs speed shop and finally someone said try merts. Our sever Nia was a doll. Very helpful w menu choices. Their cornbread is to DIE for. As are there ribs. My pork chop was a little dry but still quite tasty! Love you NIA!!!  and sweet potato cake and it's priced right too!"  but I don't really want to pay for it so it's likely not going to happen. I love soul food and the people there were super friendly so I wish them continued success  that lady even knew that we received sub-par service.  She made some jokes to make us feel better about our dining experience.  I applaud her effort but what she needs to do is get rid of that waitress." I love chicken and don't love ribs but I can say they have the best chicken and there ribs made me love ribs and the best thing were there collard greens they had a explosion of flavor I from Maryland and if i come back to Charlotte I'll  eat here everyday.  the macaroni and cheese is quite yummy. I had blackened pork chops this time and they were well-seasoned but a tad bit dry. I'd still go back to Mert's  continued to ignore us until we finally asked if we could just seat ourselves and they just said yes. We then sat ourselves - and waited for about 15 minutes before someone came up and asked if we were going to be eating there. From then on out - the service still was not very good and everything took a long time. The waitress wouldn't even look at us when we were ordering - as if she just did not care. The food definitely does not make up for the terrible service. I will not eat there again." mpDxBBGywUE6GRRKja3sBA  not too expensive. Location is great but the place gets packed and its not much seating. Definitely worth the wait if you are patient enough to. Mert's is one of the best soul food places in town!"  but have not had an opportunity to try. I figured it would be a good opportunity to show my cousin some good souther food. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. The fried chicken was pretty bland. It seemed like it was pre-made and left out for too long. The collard greens were insanely salty. Instant high blood pressure for sale! :( I ordered the salmon cakes which were really hard. I have to say that the corn bread was absolutely amazing with her butt in the other patrons face the entire time. Not impressed. I went a second time just in case they were having a bad day. I ordered catfish with okra and tomatoes. Again-YUCK! The catfish was fried too hard and did not have any meat on it. The okra and tomatoes were alright. Still searching for a great southern restaurant." "Yummy true soul food! I always get the vegetable plate when I go because I can't choose between the many (all amazing) sides. The collared greens are the best I've ever had! Everything is salty We go here for brunch almost weekly for the best made-from-scratch biscuits. Both service and atmosphere reflect true southern style. A hidden gem in the uptown area. Definitely hidden. They serve good brunch on the weekends and you won't wait in a ridiculous line full of degenerates.   Make sure to get their biscuits. We loved the ribs and fried chicken! The Mac n cheese and mashed potatoes were awesome. Husband loved the green beans. Good service too! "the lamb chop is perfect! and also bbq rib. salmon cake is good "I've eaten at Merts a few times and even received a free birthday meal which included a drink. Very impressed. My favorite dishes are the salmon cakes and the rice and beans with turkey sausage but that dish tends to be too salty at times. Overall We were also plagued by fruit flys....when ever there was food on the table Never going to go back again."  friendly and really nice teamwork among the servers with everyone paying attention to coffee cups getting low Only thing I would say was ehh was the salmon cake My mom is a new believer and a local here and she is planning on getting food from here now." mo3uiQnQaB39JuRSUbDwVQ  you can tell it's very fresh and home-made."  but honestly you can get anything and you cant go wrong. dont forget to try the soul rolls as an appetizer. so good!! i love this place. i took my family that lives in hawaii here and my bro said that this might be his favorite place to eat anywhere. its one of my favorites too :)" Service was fast and friendly on both lunch visits just like at breakfast.  Thankfully I work at the Southern end of Tryon and Mert's is towards the Northern end "Not really impressed. The entrees tasted like something you would get from the freezer section of the super market Overall experience could have been better "Good hearty food with fast and friendly service. I had a BBQ omelet with grits and homemade biscuits  & the service is very hospitable!  I would definitely recommend for anyone & everyone in Charlotte to check it out.  I can't wait until my next visit!"  or the catfish if I'm feeling exotic.  They probably have about 20 or so sides - a good mixture of carbs and veggies - I wish I tried the fried green tomatoes...  Well I'll be back someday to try something different.  I'm glad my dad and grandpa took us here!" "I love this place.  This is my favorite restaurant in all of Charlotte.  The food is great  we stopped by Mert's for lunch. We absolutley LOVED it. Our waitress was amazing and the food was even better. By far the best cornbread I have ever had in my life. When ever I come to Charlotte I'll always eat here. I had the Salmon cakes which are made with fresh salmon and I loved how spicy the collard greens were. Thanks for such a wonderful dining experience."  2 contently hard nipples for Mert's."  but the fried chicken was a bit dry. I didn't come in with high expectations so I wasn't extremely let down Amazing food and very friendly staff. The fried chicken is so crisp and juicy. My girlfriend and I love the place. Coffee was nice a strong. Syrup was hot. Hot sauce was already on the table. Real butter was served."  but the sides are amazing. Mmmmmm cornbread"  and their sides and veggies are top notch. It's a busy place but it is definitely worth the trip." This is a great place to eat! The people there are so nice and the food is fantastic. They have some of the best cornbread I've had and the catfish and chicken are fried to golden perfection but deliciously moist.  but my favorite meat at Mert's is the ribs."  but it's barely a stone's throw from the LYNX Station so consider taking the train!"  make sure you park in the lot where they are located as this is the only lot they can offer validation for. We did save room for desert. Peach cobbler was perfect "BEST greens I've had in years....the chicken is good as well (would prefer a little more seasoning - then again I am a flavor fanatic).  Friends had the Shrimp and Grits and said it was heavenly  however the batter on the popcorn shrimp could have more crispy.  Perhaps the fryer was not to temperature when they sunk them.  Despite the spiciness of the potatoes they where fresh and not cooked that long Can't go wrong with the beef ribs and fried chicken breast combo! It comes with delicious cornbread and two sides of your choice. A must try if you are in uptown Charlotte!  you can't go wrong. My favorite is the Andouille sausage beans and rice. The homemade cornbread is great as well. This has been around for a long time so they must be doing something right!" "I have been to Mert's twice. Once while visiting Charlotte and once since moving here. We stumbled across it while looking for a breakfast spot. I got an omelet and my fiance got the sweet potato pancakes. Everything was great. The main dish - Expensive heineken. Just get a Carolina."  Merts is very convenient to lots of hotels in downtown Charlotte."  and yams and everything was fresh and delicious. If you happen to be in Charlotte  greens and Mac n cheese. Staff great food great. Left satisfied with an extra cornbread to go."  I'd swing by again for the cornbread."  they also serve breakfast on Sat. & Sum morns which is awesome is well!  Robin the waitress is a joy to have while visiting!" Note to Mert's hire additional help and have a designated manager or front charge person to take control allowing easy and comfort for everyone.   Please turn people back on.. The taste of the food is not the only reason some will patronize your business it is also the experience!!!!.. Peace hope it gets better in two years!!!" Now for the bad: the service and breakfast fare.  I've had spotty service several times.  My mother wanted to substitute a few small things on the menu and her requests were all denied the last time we were there.  Very unaccommodating.  A small upcharge was not even suggested.  I reeeeally can't sub the biscuit for cornbread?  Come on.  I also saw her split a half bottle of Andre (Yes  side of home made corn bread & grits. Had a beer. Went with a half slice of sweet potato cake  and if I ever have children  I'll try somewhere else next time I'm in Charlotte - hence 3 stars." "We were in town for the Belk Bowl and went to Mert's for lunch.  It was excellent  you feel as if you are a guest at someone's house as opposed to a customer. They bend over backwards to bring you whatever you need and sometimes even anticipate what you may be needing before you get the chance to ask!  I highly recommend Mert's!!"  its as good as it gets. The food is hot and fresh. The cornbread is awesome and the service is good...I love this place."  and it's real fish (Not can).  Nice portions of food... Nice outside sitting if it's a nice day." They make you feel like family there and they all are very generous. Portions are great and food is AMAZING!!! Definitely eat here if your in the neighborhood!"  thank you. Just...for everything."  solid but nothing special.  The beans really needed seasoning.  The corn bread was perfect.  I also ordered the fried green tomato appetizer.  These had a really tough breading and needed a better accompaniment.  I also wish they had Tobasco or Louisianna Hot Sauce because Texas Pete and whatever Mexican and Vietnamese sauces just aren't really appropriate with this food in my opinion.  I wouldn't have needed it but everything needed a bit of something.  This is really a 3 1 2 star place for me.  I love the place itself and the service has always been pretty good  you should not have to put salt on fried chicken. The Mac n cheese and pound cake was ok at best. The fish had bones in it and one got caught in the back of hubby's throat. The greens and yams were ok. The WORST was the red beans; tasted like they were cooked in a caldron of hell. I got peach cobbler and could not eat it because it was disgusting!!! Horrible!!! If I go to a place especially a mom and pop and spend almost $40 for 2 dinners and 2 desserts it should be excellent. I have gone to mom pop shacks spend under $20 and got excellent food like grandma makes. I would not recommend this place and would never go back. I can't believe people like this food. It's too bad I have to leave this review because I love supporting small businesses and especially black operated small businesses. Yuck!" Will definitely be back next time I'm in town!" Based on the previous reviews i was super excited to eat here. However i was a bit disapointed. Fried chicken was kind of bland but nice and juicy and the fried catfish was kind of soggy. Mac and cheese and greens were very good. Service was slow. The wait staff is great.  We were greeted right away. Our food came out quickly. We sat and chatted for over an hour and a half over coffee. Any waitress that walked by with a pot of coffee offered us more." After finally chasing someone down inside we got our check. With all the options in the neighborhood to try we probably won't add this to our list of great places to dine." Melt in your mouth cornbread. Soul rolls that make you want to testify. Down home friendly service. Shrimp and Grits that make you smile. Great food close to downtown.  a big plus) and the cabbage ..yum.  The cornbread was good too.  I enjoyed my visit to C harlotte and my visit to Mert's.  I'll be back." I guess the best part was I was able to park in downtown Charlotte  that was it for me. For one reason it is very hard to find restaurants nowadays that are homey and laid back. It feels like home when you walk in the door. You've gotta be crazy to not like the place. They serve everything from fried chicken And the staff was SOOOOOOO attentive. Doesn't get any better especially with patio seating in the heart of Uptown!"  collard greens and home fries was yummy!  Everything was seasoned and cooked perfectly. I look forward to a return to this place.  Egg rolls filled with collards and black eyed peas and roasted veggies are on my list of things to try next time.  Gourmet soul food at its best!"  dry and no flavor.  The saving grace which earned the extra star was that the side veggies were good and the cornbread was delicious."  the food was fine.  Those saying it's the best cornbread ever really need to try more cornbread  and their sides are equally wonderful too. I've tried most of them and they're all spectacular. Their soul sampler appetizer includes a soul roll  nice and moist on the inside and crispy on the outside. It is served with a remoulade that compliments it perfectly. My two sides were candied yams and okra and tomatoes. The Yams were delicious- not overly sweet but still nice and gooey and pleasing. The okra and tomatoes were good  fully veg collard greens! the mac and cheese is the good ol' Southern country style. Always fresh "This is the best soul restaurant!!! The soul rolls are a must have. The waitresses are so nice and helpful and are quick to fix a mix up.  I loved the place. Any time I'm in Charlotte I highly recommend this place to anyone who likes good Southern food!"  and the sweet butter. Perhaps next time I'll listen to the other reviews and go for the chicken?"  all the other menu items I tried was sub-par."  but delish. The biscuits were buttery and flaky. Awesome. The Shrimp Creole omelette was tasty and really filling. It was filled with shrimp and topped with a spicy tomato based sauce. Skip the OJ - it's the gross concentrate kind. A great down-home Southern restaurant tucked away in Uptown." It's half the price of Roosters up the street and you will not leave hungry.  The very next day we were craving for more." This is the place I try to take out-of-towners and point tourists towards since to me this is Charlotte cooking and it has a great location uptown on College." Not only was the food wonderful but the staff are friendly.  The ribs are sooooo tender and the red beans & rice are fabulous.  The cornbread is YummmmmY. I will come back to this place any time I'm in Charlotte!"  most of my meals were about $10 with tax and tip." "I love this place.  There was a time when I ate here twice a week.  The food is amazing and very true to its Gullah Carolina roots of down-home  but great flavor. Loved the collard greens and coconut cake. I'd go back. Definately worth trying."  but it seems appropriate here." I don't think this place is bad by any means  but the fried chicken wings (no sauce on them) were killer. It's such a cool unusual place to visit - you feel like you stepped back in time. I enjoyed it for something new to try." Go for al fresco dining if you can (weather permitting) - nothing like sitting outside and watching the sites of Uptown Charlotte."  friendly service and the pies are amazing!!" The service was great though. We were welcomed and seated very quickly (we arrived at 6:30PM on a Friday night). Overall  including in Savannah.  This place is the real deal.  Every entree in our party of 20+ looked and tasted amazing.  The cornbread is super good and a slice of cake for desert is a must.  Just pick your favorite  and we all loved it despite (or because off??) all the fried stuff. We ordered a Southern Sampler and a Soul Sampler Our waitress kept emphasizing desserts. We went ahead and got some strawberry shortcake Try a Waffle house and I think you'll have a better dining experience."  repetitive of things that I did order causing me to have lots of the same things.  He didn't explain how orders came and often heard us call him only to pause and glance in our direction. We were NOT rude or anything of that nature. Greens could have been a lil better instead of like leaves but other than that "The service never goes wrong in North Carolina.  Everyone is always so damn nice!  I was looking for decent Southern food  in the downtown area..and this place has got it all!  I got an order of fried chicken (leg dark meat) with grits and collard greens as sides.  The chicken was not deeeep fried.  Baked and juicy with crispy skin.  Sides were standard for NC quality (This is a compliment.  I will not be able to find this in the Northeast!).  On top of it all Staff was friendly and attentive. I'll definitely be returning for some banana pudding." HxxPa0ZvrqU6JlcLJGbxtg  I would go again for the ""Tiger Wood"" (sweet iced tea lemonade) "We loves us some soul food and Mert's never disappoints! When we are in Charlotte it is a fun and filling place to visit. The cornbread is what every other piece of cornbread aspires to be.... The mac and cheese is rich and filling..... The fried chicken is crispy outside Some of the best good I ever had. Period. And the prices... How do they turn a profit? I don't get it. But I'm just visiting from New York.  pork chops are amazing. Chicken is ok. Bit of a soul-food-meets-Cajun restaurant  the service has been extremely friendly which pushes them from 4 stars to 5 stars. I will definitely be back and next time I'll have to save room for desert." Was in Charlotte for two days and Merts Heart & Soul was recommended by everyone. Good food great location and I was impressed by the price. I went for Dinner Saturday then brunch on Sunday. I recommend it to  the food..... Sucked. The collards were not cook well and my salmon patties were burnt. The corn bread (which is what they are known for) was extremely dry and tasted like it came out of a box. We waited over an hour and a half to be seated (granted we did have a party of 7) only to be disappointed. This was not good Soul Food at all."  North Carolina and was craving some serious Southern food. We came in and it was really busy. I ordered the fried chicken breast with sides of collard greens and mac and cheese and my friend ordered the Whiting poboy. The collard greens reminds me of Vietnamese mustard and greens and was so good. That is probably the best friend chicken I've ever had. The skin was flavorful and the meat was juicy and tender. Many times friend chicken comes out really dry "Had some fried chicken and carolina style pulled pork along with green beans and potatoes. They also had great biscuits. I really liked the pulled pork-- really flavorful and moist  nothing to complain about. The cornbread is amazing by the way We're moving in as soon as possible.  Or at least going for breakfast tomorrow morning!" No room for dessert after lunch but I understand that there's 13 varieties of cake to choose from!" Of course I could not finish all the food. But my server offered a box without my asking. Great food and great service."  Mert's is a must. Not eating here would be the biggest missed opportunity while visiting. You can feel the love here: for the city and inside the food." I liked the atmosphere but the food was WAY too salty.  Just didn't care for it.  in any case I had brunch which was the Carolina BBQ with Grits and salmon cakes. I was not impressed with the home fries; which seemed not to fresh. The staff and servers were really welcoming and it was good service." I can at least say that I tried this place :)" The price was good and worth a visit." "Great service and even better soul food. Try the fried green tomatoes The food was great. I had the catfish & chicken qtr. combo with greens & yams. You could tell the sides were made ahead of time (they were barely room temperature) but were still pretty tasty. I'd recommend checking this place out if you find yourself in Charlotte! "This review is based on the BBQ sandwich and macaroni - awesome. The sandwich is a perfect blend of tender meat and sauce. It's not overkill with meat falling all over the place. If you want a sloppy concession stand type sandwich this isn't the place for you. However "Had dinner last night here. The food left a lot to be desired. Reputation aside the salmon cakes had no seasoning and the ribeye was tough. Really disappointing. I've been here before when I come to Charlotte and had better food. Hopefully  they were  right.  Great staff...Great food.  Neat place.  Every visit to Charlotte will include Mert's.  And the corn bread is unbelievable."  and that the meat comes easily off the bone. Whatever I got was a filet. I asked about it and the server told me the whiting is larger. I probably should have asked how the catfish was before I ordered it. I can not recommend it. The mac and cheese was ok Food was great. Chicken tenders that I ordered for the kids was awesome. Southern fried chicks was real good too. "Eight of us went to Mert's today for lunch.  We started out our meal with fried green tomatoes and soul rolls.  The soul rolls were delicious.  I had the beef ribs with Mac and cheese and okra and tomatoes.  The ribs were good Excellent southern staples and great atmosphere and reasonable prices. Highly recommended. We came here with our kids and it was a good fit for the too. Loved the fried catfish. mpDxBBGywUE6GRRKja3sBA Parking can be a little tough. My best suggestion would be to park in one of the nearby structures My friend ordered po-boy chicken  tenders tge bread was old and hard consequendly  he couldn't eat his sandwich." Great place to experience home cooked style southern food. Yams are delicious along with salmon fish cakes and sweet potato cake for dessert  a pleasant early dinner."  because I can't change once the food is on the table.""  I told her that was fine. The manager never came to offer any apologies nor explain what the solution could be. the waitress comes back after like 15mn and says ""She says pick something of the menu and we'll trade it out."" I then chose the chicken dinner. The waitress nor the food did not come back for almost another 20mn. she then comes to the table not to refill drinks or to apologize for the wait. but to offer to bag up the meal and bring the check. at this point I was embarrassed for bringing my friend to this place and irritated because I was hungry and very annoyed with the service I told her yes please bring the check. she brings a check not only with the meal I changed for but also the initial meal that I did not eat. I was confused asked to speak tho the manager by another waitress. that waitress says sure she's the lady over there in the red shirt.  and walks the other way.  So I then call the manager over to clarify that this was a mistake. she says ""If the owner was here he would not be playing with y'all. He would make you pay for both. I on the other hand will take it off."" I was floored at the way she spoke to me and the fact that the owner would make a patron pay for something they didn't like. I felt stereo typed and embarrassed that it was my people to treat us this way. So needless to say we will not be returning back to this establishment ever! I hope this is not hospitality in Charlotte." The atmosphere is cool here. I like the bright colors and the VERY friendly and courteous wait staff.  You can tell they want their customers to be happy  mashed potatoes and mac'n'cheese.... everything was delicious!  The waitress we had was on point!  She was friendly  NC looking to try some soul food that was well known in the city.  When we arrived we could see the place was crowded but were seated within a few minutes.  We ordered the Fried Green Tomato since we never had it before and it was very good.  We also tried the Soul Rolls which were also good.  For my daily fixins I ordered the Fried Cat Fish while my girlfriend had Mert's Famous Salmon Cakes.  We were happy with our food including the sides of macaroni & cheese "Love this place!  Delicious homemade food.  I have been here for breakfast about 5 times.  It is my go to breakfast brunch spot when in Charlotte.  I always bring friends and they love it as well.  Fresh eggs The cornbread was good but everything was without season and it was fruit Flys (along with the traps) everywhere! The collard greens had an excessive amount of uncooked onions and tomatoes. I would not recommend this to anyone if you are in the mood for good food. Delicious..tried pork chops bbq cube steak potatoes gravy mac cheese....collards and green beans...all great !!!!! The food here is unbelievably amazing. I had the fried chicken with mac and cheese (to die for) and yams (delicious). I got red velvet cake to go. Cornbread is super good. This is the real deal.  and they burnt the outside of the chicken fingers!  My kids would not even eat them.  Another big problem.....parking!  Charlotte is not getting locals into downtown on the weekends because you have to pay to park everywhere!  I called the restaurant before going and asked where to park.  The person told me we could park for free in the Holiday Inn parking garage.  Not so!  We had to pay $8 just to park for lunch!  All said "Food was slow. Not so impressed with the breakfast items. The macaroni and cheese was very good.  I really did dig the decor Good spot to grab dinner Great soul food! Always large portions and friendly staff. Great variety of options and the strawberry cake for dessert is the absolute best I've ever had. We do try to sit outside when possible because you will leave smelling like the food because of the open kitchen area. This is fine if you're headed straight home afterwards.   the potato salad had too much mustard. Yams and greens was okay."  this entree really reminded me of their canned food.  My sides were the collard green and macaroni and cheese.  This was the cheesiest and most comforting comfort macaroni I have ever had.  My husband ordered the special of the night which was pork chops stuffed with apple corn bread.  He loved it.  I sampled some of the kids' chicken tenders which were hands down the best chicken tenders I've ever had.  I even enjoyed them cold the next day.  I was not surprised that the floor was like an oil slick being that many menu items were fried.  During our dining experience the servers sang a birthday song to a customer at another table.  It was the best birthday song I've ever heard at a restaurant.  The servers were enjoying themselves singing too.  Overall my family was satisfied with their meals.  The quantity is large and the prices are low.  I took a piece of sweet potato cake home and shared it the next day with my kids.  It was still very moist and delicious.  It is so dense that it was easily shared three ways among us.  I would go back to Mert's but I do not recommend their famous salmon cakes."  Mac n Cheese and cabbage. Everything was delicious and great portion size. The cornbread was fresh and sooo food!! The batter on the chicken was just perfect. Everyone was super friendly and helpful as well. Would definitely come back and recommend to anyone." My wife had fried catfish and fried chicken combo  potato salad $ fries side my daughter had the kid chicken tenders mac n cheese & fries side. Were from south Jersey and have eaten at a lot of restaurants of all kinds. Hands down this is the best tasting soul food restaurant we've eaten at yet. We will be back for seconds and thirds. Excellent taste and portions absolutely nothing to complain about even the price was reasonable. You've gotta try this place if you can."  Mac n Cheese and cabbage. Everything was delicious and great portion size. The cornbread was fresh and sooo good!! The batter on the chicken was just perfect. Everyone was super friendly and helpful as well. Would definitely come back and recommend to anyone." They also had 4 different hot sauces on the table.  I made a point to sample them all on the delicious corn bread they make."  but not great. I kinda wished they had more chocolate options here. I would most certainly come here again." "Portions were huge. Corn bread was one the best I have had. Sweet tea was good Maybe eating at the restaurant would have given me a different   better experience. I just wouldn't order takeout if I were you." "Yo I have had plenty of times to taste fried chicken in my time at various eateries from South Florida to Atlanta to North Carolina. I have to say that their fried chicken was definitely top notch. Came here with my girl and two other friends who were visiting Charlotte. I looked up some spots in the city and found this place on Yelp. The decor is pretty homey  with yams and macaroni and cheese. The ribs were different than I typically like (vinegary maybe) and the chicken was a little dry "If your having a taste for soul food this a place to go. I've been here a few times and the food has never disappointed me. For the price point their portions are well off Can't wait to come back and get me some more Mert's."  collard greens and yams. The collard greens were cooked  perfectly and the yams were delicious. Blackened salmon was a little overlooked and under seasoned."  blacked chop Delicious.  Agree greens a bit stemy but still good. Strawberry cake fair banana pudding eh. I'd go back!" "I bought a Livingsocial deal for Mert's. The place is crowed for brunch on Sat. We were quickly seated. The cornbreads were very delicious and warm. Don't take the cornbread to go because it isn't that good when it is a take out.  I got the salmon cake with two sides mac and cheese and mash potatoe with gravy. The side orders were good sizes. They weren't stingy on the gravy enough for your mash potatoe. My dad had the catfish and the beef ribs. The beef ribs were good but catfish was more on the fishy side. Overall  thickener and food color - that is just how tasteless it was.  The shrimp had a strange texture that made me think it came from a can.  Then someone had chopped raw green onion and stirred it in.  That was it.  No seasoning.  No flavor." I ordered the fried whiting plate which comes with two sides and cornbread; I got collard greens and macaroni and cheese. My husband ordered the shrimp and grits with a side of yams. My fish was hot and crispy just like I like and well seasoned. I added hot sauce (Cholula) which added just the right zing. The greens were cooked perfectly (taste and texture) and the mac n'cheese was good (not great). My husband enjoyed his shrimp and grits and gobbled one of my whiting fillets to go with. He got a side order of grits later because there was so much gravy on his dish. He said the addition made it perfect.  I kept taking spoonfuls of his grits because they were so deliciously prepared. I'm a snob when it comes to grits and Mert's does it right! The hubs never got his yams and the waitress did not protest when he brought it to her attention and asked to take it off the bill. We were full anyway. She seemed distracted the entire visit. I'd definitely return; thinking about a shrimp po'boy sandwich with a side of greens and yams before heading to the airport." Food is good.  I recommend they stop using curry in the chop beef.  and okra. The chicken was done perfect crispy moist on the inside . the barbecue ribs had a vinegar-based with a little bit of spicy action going on . The Okra was good  "Effing delicious!  Corn bread is amazing...comes w food.  Chopped BBQ and red been rice were both equally good eats!  Oh  not one addressed our table. Not one said I will be your server I will be with you shortly. Not one said would you like some water. Not one said let me find who your server is. Not one. This went one for 15 minutes before we decided to get up and leave!  The service is terrible!!!"  the place has been packed.  They do a nice job getting you seated in a reasonable amount of time.  There isn't much of a waiting area though so it gets rather cramped when you do have to wait."  I will give them another try and hopefully add more stars. I was so disappointed because I was hungry and really wanted to try the seafood omelette."  the fish special wasn't fresh and was small and the cabbage was mushy.  I was married to a Mobile girl and this is not what I expected for Soul Food.. But it was cheap and the corn bread was excellent." mpDxBBGywUE6GRRKja3sBA Loved our waitresses!  They were fun and personal with attitude!  Food was so so. The BBQ ribs were small beef short ribs with a thin vinegar based sauce.  The Mac n cheese was the best!  The collard greens were hard and vinegar based.  The peach cobbler was just so so.  Atmosphere ans waitresses are the best part of the restaurant. Our table agreed that the best part of this meal was the corn bread. Every order was lacking just that little something that would make a meal enjoyable. One person in our party of seven has said that he will return to give them another try.  The rest of us will not be back  fried chicken (watch out Prices) and I love the collard greens. Merts is also in a great spot if you are going to Time Warner arena uptown as it is right around the corner. Please check it out some time." "I was in Charlotte for 5 days a few years ago. I managed to get 6 meals at Mert's. If they'd been open for breakfast during the week There are plenty of other places to spend your money where it will be appreciated."  chicken tenders and potato salad all felt someone's grandma was cookin it up in the back!! Rhasaan waited on up and helped up pick out all the best things on the menu and we left with sweet potato cake!!" Over all the food was good. I ordered chicken and 2 sides. Collard greens and mashed potato.  I went on a thursday night and had to wait about 35min for food I ordered to go. The place was packed so that normally says that the place is good. And I don't have any complaints besides the wait. Good news was they had a bar next door so I went and had a beer then came back to get food. But had to wait another 15min. Well I actually did not like the greens it was very plain no flavor. The mashed potato was very good though. I would deff go here again for a cheap light meal. Oh yes I also ordered banana pudding. That was ok nothing I would order again. Let me start off by saying that my experience was horrible and I would not recommend this place to anyone.  My wife and I came to Charlotte celebrating our anniversary and decided to try Mert's per recommendation of her supervisor and because of the high praise the restaurant received online.  We were seated in a reasonable time but it was all down hill from there. We were seated at 7:15pm and were given some bland cornbread.  At 8:15pm we were still waiting for our order to be prepared (cooked)...not brought to us...PREPARED! Now mind you no one even a word of apology or an update on the status of our food during the wait. Finally I had enough and walked out. Our waitress and management still did not offer an apology despite seeing us leave the restaurant visibly upset. We left and walked to E2 (emeralds restaurant) and received the best meal and customer service I've ever experienced. I'd recommend all the other restaurants in downtown Charlotte before Mert's. :-   collar greens and blackeyed peas. It was absolutely delicious.  I am in town for two nights. I plan to go back for supper tomorrow." MOST of the staff is awesome its like seeing an old friend with a famaliar face.. great cakes and pies and the chicken is what I live for..! Merts has an amazing down home southerm charm feeling.. it can drown out all the excitement of center city with its cool southern down home meets the city vibe..  dones sometimes smell like grease but I still love it!!"  the manager (owerners daughter as she so often identify herself) was more interested in making HER point than making sure out of state customers who went out of their way to visit the establishment....and checked-in on Facebook have an enjoyable experience. She was sarcastic & unprofessional. Sorry my family had THAT experience."  but this certainly wasn't the case with our trip there. Had the fried chicken- the yams and the Mac and cheese were TO DIE FOR. And the waitress we had was absolutely amazing and went out of her way to get us tourist suggestions. Best place to eat."  fluffy bites of heaven on a fork!!!" Not sure about heart and soul but it was definitely a solid meal.  One thing I really like about this place is the artwork and decor.  They also have outdoor seating on the sidewalk.  I got the beef ribs and dark meat chicken.  Yes it's a lot of food assholes.  And yes I finished it (most of it) but this is 2 hours after having a breakfast buffet at the hotel.  Sides were delish.  I got the yams and okra tomatoes.  and did a really nice job at checking on us- but not being overbearing. I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a delicious soul food meal!" "Such amazing soul food! Seriously some of the best collard greens ever! It's a shame that such awesome food can be disappointed by such horrible service! We waited for over an hour for an omelette and a vegetable plate! The waitress could have cared less that we had to wait. Our drinks stayed empty for most of the meal and it took 20 minutes and repeated requests for a small packet of mustard! We are from out of town and had heard such amazing things about this place! Once again  casual atmosphere set in the heart of downtown Charlotte.  The only cornbread I've ever had that's the equal of this is served at Club 83 in Memphis "I came last Saturday on a whim. I had been passing this place on my walks around the area. Seeing all those people buzzing in there enticed me. It didn't take long to be seated  not even apps. Hostess also provided 2 new lame lies. We left and will never go back. Dishonest staff ruined it for me. Honesty would  have gone over better. Went to Tupelo Honey Cafe instead. Awesome service and FOOD!!" Over three hour wait for mediocre food and poor service." "Me and my family were in Charlotte for my Sorority's conference and we decided to go to Mert's for our last night in Charlotte. The wait wasn't bad and they accommodated for a party of 9 which was also nice because most small restaurants would just seat you at different tables. We did not think the food lived up to the hype...at all. Lemonade...not freshly squeezed It was great. Our waitress was definitely a good host. I highly recommend this place if your in Charlotte. Mac and cheese was on point. I didn't care for the collard greens but overall we all enjoyed our meal and service. my first time going and the food and service was awesome !!!! The Mac-cheese was to die for "Service was extremely slow. We sat at our table for quite a while before we were waited on. Once we ordered the server brought cornbread right away. It's good but  ASK! They'll make sure you're happy with your order. I got the shrimp & grits with their homemade corn bread. I couldn't have been happier. The prices are very reasonable for how much food you get and you'll be looking forward to your next meal at Mert's Soul Food. I know I am!"  and 4 5 prices. Try this place out if you're near the Epicenter The worst restaurant ever! It doesn't matter if the food tastes good or not.. The service is the worst! Lazy and slow as ever!  this was a good dining experience.  Six of us went for lunch. The service was a little on the slow side but that was understandable considering that it was lunch time. I had whiting  Good Service & friendly atmosphere. I will definitely be coming here again. If you are in North Carolina you need to visit this place :)" "I love soul food restaurants and this one is definitely a fave. I haven't tried anything there that I have not loved. I hate cornbread in general Price extremely reasonable!" Mert's would be a solid 4 star if the service was more attentive. It deserves another visit." "I was in Charlotte for the first time and decided to treat myself to a good southern dinner. My waitress Teresa greeted me with Southern Hospitality and just when thought that I had my meal selected (after reading Yelp  but Mert's gets the second star because my wife loved her omelette (the garden)  it appeared that a lot of customers ordered their famous Friday special: Turkey with dressing.  We were almost out of luck in ordering this dish because they were about to stop serving the special."  Service 2-3 5 (depending on your server) for an average of 3 5  or 4 5 on a good night." "Found this place through yelp because we were looking for southern comfort food and because we were stopping over in Charlotte for the day. Great place!! The food was excellent Overall I would say I'm not likely to give it another chance just because it seemed like we were in an area with a lot of choices which might have been a lot better.  I don't know if the chef was having off day or what but I just left very disappointed and felt bad that I was the primary person pushing to try Mert's during our brief trip to Charlotte."  Cabbage and Oh Oh Oh that Corn Bread. The banana pudding had a surprising cake bottom and perfect texture. The ice tea was perfectly sweetened. The kids loved the chicken strips which looked buttermilk battered and very moist inside. Definitely worth the drive. There is no valet but you can park at the Holiday Inn garage and they will validate you." "Not the best soul good I've ever eaten. My collard greens mixed with mustards? Were tough. The fried chicken was standard not anything to rave about. Salmon cakes were good. Mac n cheese can pass for soul food. Yams were great! Corn bread mediocre Hospitality is AMAZING!!! Visiting from California and this group of people here are all gems... The food Bomb!!! I seriously recommend this to any first timers... So happy we found this place!!!! You will not be disappointed!!!! :) Grits on point!!! I thoroughly enjoyed the entire experience  so is the service and restaurant." Worth the price? Not sure...I've just had better soul food."  black eye peas and cabbage was well seasoned.. I also recommend the shrimp Creole. ..lots of green onions. I do not recommend the peach cobbler. That was like eating peach filling on bread."  my friends and I went to Mert's for brunch. We knew the service probably wouldn't be that great but expected the food to make up for that. Big fail on that expectation. The collard greens were dry with no flavor and when someone on my party asked if she could exchange them for something else the waitress caught an attitude. Whenever we would ask for something it was almost like a mother may I situation. We didn't know if her reaction would be positive or negative. The manager seemed to not care about our situation and just left everything up to the waitress. After paying my bill I waited for my change that never came. I ended up asking for the manager to find out where the waitress went with my money. After the manager asked the waitress the waitress states she already gave me my change  after reminding her that she didn't give me anything she states oh then I have your money right here! It was in her pocket. Not sure how she could have forgotten that she owed me more than $10!! Especially since the tip was already included in the bill! Never going back and I will never recommend this place to anyone. Even if I do have a living social coupon!!"  we would definitely visit again." "Food here is gasp inducing. Some of the best soul food I've ever had. Even vegetarians will be pleased with the veggie sides platter. Collard greens off the hook. Candied acorn squash beats anything you ever had for Thanksgiving. Cheesy cauliflower was a bit underdone for my taste So overall a much better visit this go round...I'll make my way back and give this place another try to see if they can officially win me over." "Soul food is ok...needs more seaoning and to be drained of grease. My entire rating is based off the customer service which was very rude and disrespectful for me as a customer. The wait was long and don't try to make reservations because they dont take on weekends.  The waitresses have bad attitudes and rush you when ordering. ...""imma take yall drink order and food order at the same time so who first?"" (Her exact words). I live in charlotte and have been here prior to this visit but will never return again. This was by far the worst soul food experience." "I have had the pleasure of dining at Merts frequently over the past 15+ years. I've always been pleased with the food and service. Today....I had lunch here and ordered the Merts world famous Salmon Cakes. Sadly it appears the Salmon cakes are now Salmon BALLS. The portions appears to be cut in half. To whom it may concern.....we LOVE and adore this dish  potato salad or should we say mayonnaise salad was horrible. The yams were hard as if they were freshly cut and simply plated. The greens were soaked in garlic and had entirely too many stalks. The macaroni and cheese was tasty but in conjunction with everything else on our plates was room temperature. Tiger wood drinks were very tasty. Our server was not at all attentive to our needs. If she would have given us her name I would have very well called her out in this review. She did refill our drinks once and left the remaining glasses of lemonade and sweet tea on the table which implied.....self serve. My fiance absolutely loved the cornbread loaves and fried whiting. I detested the cornbread loaves. The initial one that I received had obviously been sitting out too long. It was cold. When I mentioned it to the waitress she informed me that she knew the loaves were left out and that a new batch would be up any minute. She did bring a fresh loaf but I was just flabbergasted that she would serve something she new shouldn't have been served. Overall  and awesome food.  The cornbread alone is worth the trip.   I also loved their fried chicken.  It's a bit noisy but that's because it is is full of happy diners.  Perfect spot for some casual Southern cooking." Well I can only say this. I'm happy I had lunch there and if you try it I believe you will to."  but seem to be spread thin tending to the crowds of patrons that frequent the restaurant. They aren't the cleanest restaurant  friendly efficient service (I had an early lunch) and great decor make this a big win!" I love this place. I didn't know it existed until I saw a groupon online and decided to try it. And I was not disappointed ! I had the salmon cakes with green beans and mashed potatoes .. The boyfriend had fried chicken with mac & cheese and greens .. Everything was so delicious we decided to split our plates with eachother so we could have a little bit of everything .. And don't even get me started on the corn bread and cakes ! lol .. No but seriously even our server was great. Ill definitely be back !  it will either be a plate to go or no tip for a sorry waitress.  If you can handle bad service then go cause the food is mouth watering." everytime!...Need I say more?? Not what they use to be."  but the chicken was out of this world!!! Very cool atmosphere as well and frendly staff :) I will definitely be going back!!"  I wasn't able to and regret not taking a piece to-go." Not a fan of anything here. I have tried the food here on several occassions and just dont see how people keep going there. Soul food with no soul.... thats my take on it.  fried chicken was finger licking good. Avoid the soup which was reaally a cup of broth. And steer clear of the Carolina Blond beer yuck. Loved our sassy southern waitress & the corn bread she brought us. We will be back."  sorry the little flies are a big problem. They need to fix that! If it wasn't for that I would've given 5 5 stars"  attentive and pointed us in the right direction with her recommendations. She made our dinner a complete success. We will definitely be visiting again and asking for Malika when we return." Great place...excellent fried catfish. Most people who live in Charlotte already know about Mert's (it has been there forever)... But if you're visiting Charlotte  no room. Guess we'll just have to come back.... And we sat next to a friendly lady sipping a beer in a Pilsner glass thru a straw; that's a first. Wish we could clone this place!" "Took my boyfriend for first time.  Waitress kept going outside smoking and smelled like ashtray upon returning to table.  Cornbread good.  Chicken good.  BBQ was disgusting and swimming in grease.  Potato salad was also old tasting and could not eat.  I was embarrassed that I had bragged to my bf about how good things were and then had such a terrible experience.   And it was over $30 for lunch.  Not worth the drive Slow service con this cold and wet Monday. The servers just didn't have it together and neither did the cooks as my chicken was seasonless and my Mac and cheese was cold. The only thing you can expect from Mert's is inconsistency.  great atmosphere. Go here!  Had the breaded chicken special with okra and cabbage and it was amazing.  Tons of flavor and perfect portions!  Southern cookin at its finest." "I have been told this place was great for years. I finally went and in and was mad at myself for waiting so long before finally going in there. The food was fantastic. An easy atmosphere Dat cornbread doe. Spot on."  it was quite a second we waited to be seated and to have our order taken. Minus the service this place would be 5 stars."  chicken and black-eyed peas. We added Texas Pete for extra spice. Yum! Definitely order those if you go. I had the catfish shrimp creole combo lunch & my husband had the meat lovers omelet. We were both satisfied and enjoyed our meals. The shrimp creole is a ""must"" try. The catfish is a ""maybe"" try.  The omelet is a ""must"" try. The portions are large and the prices are low. This is a great place for soul food. We will definitely be back."  food was ok.  Great experience!"  I say it is the best Soul Food here. I went for my birthday and enjoyed the food. I do wish the restaurant was bigger seems a bit cramped in there but it has a lovely atmosphere and is nicely decorated. As usual when I rest soul food I had  but my family went to SC every year because we had a time-share in Hilton Head--- so I've tasted Gullah food before and it taste like regular southern style soul food.... This place was a huge disappointment for me."  and also mac and cheese with a plate of fried green tomatoes to start...and it was ""smack yo mama"" good!  Service was downright AWESOME.  My only disappointment was the beer selection Did I mention I loved the cornbread?" "The food was good but it was very overpriced. $7 for 2 small soul rolls Amazing friend chicken tenders and macaroni and cheese!! Now I do have to admit it was my first time eating here. And I'm sure there are probably other items on the menu I would have enjoyed just as much as the Collard Greens. But with any restaurant I go to This is one of the most satisfying meals I've had in Charlotte and add it to a very reasonable bill...under $25 for both which is unheard of in Uptown  so I would recommend checking if it's available. I almost felt bad using a groupon because the food was SO GOOD. Take all my money!" "I had the WORST lunch of all times here today. So I just moved back from New Orleans (I am from here) and couldn't wait to go back to Merts. I had such awesome memories of it and the food was to die for. Ive been insisting for one of our coworkers to go and I finally had the chance to take her and 4 other friends. Red beans and rice tasted soooo simple I waited for 15 minutes before anyone came and spoke to me. I was displeased in the service. This isn't the first time this happened. The server was not empathetic when I told him my concerns. I will NEVER return! Pretty Good Comfort Food For The Soul. I had the beef rib and chicken breast with a side of red beans and collard greens. The staff was nice and I really appreciated the nostalgic images on the wall of historic performers and movie creative. In summary: probably won't be back." The food was reasonably priced and food. I would recommend it and go here again." The best cornbread in the world hands down. The shrimp po boy was done exactly as it should be and the mac and cheese was perfect.... oh and the waitress lato'sha was AWESOME.... First time to this restaurant with immediate seating for a Friday evening.  Great food!  Greens and black eyed peas were the best!  Will be coming back!  every old school soul R&B hit makes you want to get up and dance.  I could sit at the counter listen to the music  but their cornbread is seriously the best I've ever had! It's so moist and light and the honey butter that comes with it... Oh my goodness. My mouth waters every time I think about their famous cornbread! Their salmon cakes is so yummy too  fried catfish with the 2 sides and corn bread. My two sides were potato salad and yams. The sides were GREAT. So was the corn bread. The beef ribs were not FULL ribs. The ribs were like riblets. It was only bone. We complained and our server looked out. We were upset that the riblets were so small and it doesn't say riblets on the menu. It says BBQ RIBS. Other than that Service was great...  and all the food including desserts were fresh and home-made!  I left stuffed...  Feeling like I had just spent an afternoon at my sister Gloria's house on Sunday!"  & the prices are economical. We'd definitely go back & recommend it to others."  but nothing memorable. Although nothing was awful  but it was unfortunate that I ended up with the uncooked chicken.  Not sure if I'd come back next time I am in Charlotte on business."  most juicy food ever! Hands down the best cornbread ever :) this California boy is digging NC soul food haha"  5 minutes later she came upset and rang me up and laid the my receipt down and said you can just leave the signed copy here and walked off. Never have I ever actually left a restaurant and not left a tip. Today was the first time  I have actually had my dining experience ruined by poor service. I did not leave a tip. It's really a shame because as I said the food here is exceptional but I refuse to go back to such poor customer service."  but I haven't given up on Merts.  A lot of people seem to have had a good experience here and I will definitely give it another shot the next time I'm here." I cant say enough good things about this place... To sum it up.. If you haven't been GO NOW!!! It is perfection in every bite! Especially the fried catfish and collards!!!!  the service was only so-so.  The waitress rarely came back to the table.  I ordered a side of collard greens with no tomatos and onions on top.  The waitress forgot the collards  therefore if you want a table and don't want to wait too long come early!" This was our first time visiting Mert's and we were pleased! The food is AMAZING! The crab cakes are to die for :-). The banana pudding was yummy! We will definitely be back for some soul food!  I'd skip the black-eyed peas (sort of pasty) and pork chops (dry and thin). But try the salmon cakes!"  it was a nice family dinner in the city. Wasn't even too expensive (about the price you'd pay at Chili's). Not sure we'll be back  and the cornbread was so tasty. Our group was super hungry and we were all raving about how good the food was and it was filling. Good value for the money. And the waitress was so sweet and attentive. This has got to be one of the best soul food restaurants anywhere." "This place was quick and good. We needed a quick place to eat before going to the bc music factory so stopped here being on tv food maps. The server was nice and very quick service. Not to mention was pretty cheap. I normally don't know cornbread but here it's awesome! Just a little sweetness to it. We also got the fried green tomatoes   but she annoyed the crap out of  me when not once but twice decided to inform us that ""in the south  they throw pepper over the shoulder into a dish.""  The food has a lot pepper in it bc the cook decided to add a lot of pepper--the end!  Also  but you will have a better experience. Everything is good  the mashed potatoes were average and my collards were served cold. No Bueno. My boyfriend had the salmon patties which he said were just ok. The only thing worthwhile was the cornbread that came with the meal. Must say its some of the best I had. Overall I was underwhelmed and disappointed. I hate to say that I feel that Merts is more hype than anything."  the food was great but the dining experience was ruined due to terrible service. The minute we walked in and were greeted by a server with an attitude I knew this might be dreadful. Our drink orders were about 10 minutes getting to the table and we were never offered a refill. Our server just stood at the end of the table waiting to take out order but didn't speak. After we gave her our order she couldn't remember it and Asked for it again. She never made eye contact with us and was rushed even though they were not busy.   The customer service can make or break a dining experience and I can tell you we would have just left it the food wasn't so great. However  salmon cake and corn bread are to die for. We finally satisfied our Southern food craving and it was an amazing dining experience at Mert's."  but I have not received good service from them during the two attempts I made. A long wait and not being greeted at the door for about 15 minutes. They food might be good Best food in Charlotte. You have a horrible sense of taste if you don't like this place. Get the Chicken and Ribs. Food is crazy good. It was like I was back at my grandmothers house. And the service was great they definitely know how to take care of you. A must go is you are looking for soul food P.S.  My boyfriend and I are currently doubled over in abdominal pain "Went to Mert's on Friday and was absolutely dying to try their Salmon Cakes! Needless to say I did Not get to. It was a group of 3 and we opted to sit outside since it was comfortable. We were sat at the first outdoor table and the gentleman left after seating us. We looked over the menu and had all decided on what we wanted. We waited 32 minutes and still not a single person employed by Mert's bothered to ask us about a drink let alone any type of service.  I was beyond put off by this and thought it to be very unprofessional!  They were Not that busy at all. There were plenty of waiters and waitresses standing around talking and even the gentleman that sat us was just sitting down gabbing with another employee.  We will NEVER go back again. As a small family owned business like Mert's you strive for customer satisfaction """My GOD "" were the initial reactions  that my husband and I had upon our first taste of the ribs! They were delicious!  The restaurant  is a quaint little spot in the middle of Uptown Charlotte.  If you like soul food and want to enjoy a quick walk through time "I recommend their salmon cakes Mac n cheese & collard greens! Their cornbread is SO good & their cakes look delicious only problem is I never have room for desert.  I also enjoy the atmosphere- servers have always been friendly & good First...absolutely the best service I've had ever. We tipped her 50%. She was that good. The biscuits are better than Flying Biscuit's. Salmon cakes were flavorful. Veggies were perfectly flavored. Good experience all around. "I absolutely adore this place. The restaurant itself has so much personality from all the little knick knacks and pictures decorating the walls and shelves. The food is amazing! I love soul food and they do great soul food here! Everything we had was delicious! The fried chicken This place is pretty good.. I probably won't come back because it took so long for me to get my food to go. But it was a nice experience. Does not taste like mamas cooking or grandmas.. But a lot of my friends love this place. Bad service from server Shante. Salmon patties just ok. Fried whiting delicious. Corn bread delicious. Can't wait to go back!"  this is the place. Just like your momma and grandma make. That mac and cheese is ridiculous and the corn bread is bangin'."  on my second visit we had terrible service. Our meat was burnt. The mac and cheese and cornbread was all we ate. It took 45 minutes for our food to be brought out to us. A couple that sat down and ordered well after us received their food 15 mins prior to us getting ours. We were not pleased and will definitely not be visiting this restaurant again." Owner in resturaunt (at least when I used to go) multiple times a day."  forget it because they only have seating for 4 and no good accommodations for larger parties. I had a party of 6 this time and it took OVER AN HOUR for us to be seated. I had visiting family and they tried to sit us at separate tables?? NOT GOOD ENOUGH MERTS! Now the part that any restaurant should have is good customer service and today I've been twice now and this food has the quality and taste of my Thanksgiving dinners.  and the Carolina Chopped BBQ with potato salad and macaroni and cheese and it was all great!  The best BBQ I've had in a long time!  Corn bread also came with the meal and it was so good! The service was also fantastic  check Groupon or Living Social as I saw them listed on one of these services so you can get a good deal on your meal." "Want to have some traditional southern comfort food in Charlotte? This is the spot. I don't love southern comfort food so it isn't for me. I like something that wasn't cooked in bacon grease on the menu. But I know my fianc swears by their fried chicken and I won't lie: the mac and cheese is good. If you want something light  gross. The beef ribs were a joke the serving was one and a half pieces and six bones. Of course I rolled my eyes and muttered to myself but since I was with company I kept quiet. As with most soul food places Fried catfish is the best I have EVERRRRR had!! The people that work here are the nicest people you will ever meet and are VERY accommodating to their customers. I was craving some grits but didn't want the meal with the shrimp and stuff in the grits...just plain grits with butter. They made me a separate bowl to accompany my catfish and collard greens and it was the best meal I ever had in North Carolina!! Will definitely be coming back when I am in town. "We loved this place !!! Food was amazing ! I had the fried chicken   and of course fried green tomatoes were amazing!  So was the okra.  We can't wait to visit again. The only reason we couldn't give it 5 stars was the service.  It could have been better." Excellent food and good service. I highly recommend if you are seeking good southern cooking. Not enough staff and a soft shell crab Po Boy that's bound to make your stomach hurt. The cornbread and Mac and cheese are pretty amazing though. Food wasn't great- I'm from the north and have had better southern cooking than this. The cornbread is good. Over priced a bit. Not awful but there has to be better places with southern home cooking!!" Took care of my table with class and care"  and then my ice tea never came (I forgot about it too but never saw my waitress coming by and too hungry to wait).  And when I asked to get it to go  rich and hearkens back to a time when people put time and care into what they did; the Seasoned Rice is perfectly cooked and very flavorful; and the Soul Rolls will leave you wishing that the portion was MUCH bigger because they're so good. Oh yeah  very casual and perfect location in Uptown to walk around after you're full!!!" The place was packed and the cool thing was the crowd was pretty diverse. I think you can tell a lot about a place by the crowd that eats there. This one seemed to appeal to everyone. So I would definitely go back. The service was kind of sketchy. She was fast and it was accurate we just had to ask for things that seemed standard - like refills & to go boxes. It was super busy though. All and all It's in the top 5 of soul food places I've been to across the country. The atmosphere and the music were also pretty fun. My only regret is that I didn't try the cobbler. Oh and if you're like me you will get enough food for 2 meals. Be prepared!"  a must visit place when you're in Charlotte!"  collard greens that were more bitter than eating lemons. Let me add that I almost slipped in my heels walking in and out because the floor wad so greasy and covered with food. Oh let me not forget the salty peach cobbler that looked like someone laid a piece of bread on top for the crust. The peaches weren't even sweet. I'm sorry  I decided to keep an open mind. There were five people in our party and we were seated beside the register. Waitresses kept reaching over one of our party to get straws(they were sitting right behind the register). I ordered the catfish...it was ok; not completely done but seasoned well. Not sure if it was fried or shake n bake. The Mac n cheese tasted like it was cooked on the grill. Someone in our party ordered jumbo chicken wings and had to request that they be cooked more. A waiter took my MIL plate from the table without asking if she was done. They had to fix her replacement food to go. The cake wasn't fresh. The blackened chops were very good! The beef ribs should be advertised as short ribs. Our server was great; had a great personality. Don't think I will return." "Such a friendly staff and environment. Food was amazing. I had the shrimp creole as recommended by the waitress. I am so glad I went with it. Absolutely delicious. Also I ordered the salmon cakes with Mac & cheese and yams. The yams were suppose to be candied yams but were very bland. I actually had to add my own brown sugar and cinnamon to get the taste to my liking. The mac and cheese was ok but the cornbread was the best thing I got in my meal" Customers walked in until close and were being served. Last observation; a lot clean plates. Veggie and meat eaters with find something grub on. Check it out when in Charlotte. Peace" Overall - I think a must try is the Soul Rolls for sure. All the other food seems very commercial and lacks flavor. And you must be willing to overlook the horrible service as well."  southern fried chicken at its finest! We also tried the candied yams which were cooked perfectly without being too sweet from the brown sugar. The place makes you feel as though your in a diner in Harlem; with the decor and old time soul music blending with the aromas of fresh southern roots! The servers could be a little more attentive   Mertz's deserves more than three stars "Went to Mert's last weekend to break up a long trip home. Enjoyed the food and southern hospitality. I selected the salmon cakes which were a pretty good choice and my wife opted for the fried chicken. To kick off the meal we had the soul rolls. Interesting ambiance  and the mac & cheese was flavorless. Then to top it off the cornbread was dry and burnt. As if that wasn't enough we have felt sick since we ate there." The atmosphere was old school and it has a cool vibe. Good service when we were there too!"  D.C. To Charlotte yesterday to help a friend move and heard great things about Mert's. When we arrived we were asked to wait outside while our table was being prepared. There were 13 of us so that wasn't a surprise but the place was only half full so it seemed unnecessary. ONE HOUR LATER we checked back with the hostess who hadnt BEGUN to prepare our table because she was busy with her friends and what appeared to be her newborn baby. We were seated and enjoyed our waiter. The food was another story. My husband ordered shrimp creole and I got the fried catfish and fried leg quarter with seasoned rice and Mac and cheese. I will say that the fried catfish was smaller than expected yet delicious but I felt that EVERYTHING ELSE was terrible. The rice was well over cooked and tasted like the bottom on the pan was scraped to get rid of it and my Mac and cheese was burned. The shrimp creole tasted like shrimp covered with tomato sauce on top of the same old dry rice. Overall I really wanted my experience to be as good as others have told me but even my sister in law who recommended the place was surprised at how bad her food was. I really wish it was just a bad night but first impressions are lasting in this case." mpDxBBGywUE6GRRKja3sBA Came here because of Yelp with my boss. Soul rolls for an appetizer were delicious. Corn bread was awesome! Short ribs were perfect and red beans were too. He had Salmon cakes  okra and collard greens with tomatoes. Now  a soul food devotee ! A must in Charlotte! It's okay!! The service is really bad. They take forever to come to the table and greet. Drinks of water take at least 20 mins... It's ridiculous. Been here twice and each time slow slow service. The food (breakfast) was ok. I got the French toast... Very bland. Who brings out French toast to the table without syrup ... And it took awhile for the syrup to be brought out. The soul rolls are good. But I wanted be back for awhile. Definitely the service needs to improve. "Merts is considered ""the"" place for soul food in Charlotte. It gets a lot of traffic based on location (visitors  mac and cheese and collards. All great. They brought out a sampler of the desserts. Banana pudding and strawberry cake stood out  but the meal that in my mind has been handed down straight from heaven is the salmon cakes. Mert's Famous Salmon Cakes are served with their homemade remoulade sauce and give you a glimpse into heaven that you will want to savor slowly. My go-to side items are the collard greens  which my husband raved about (he cleaned the bowl before even trying anything else).  The sweet tea and amazing cornbread recipes could only come from someone fortunate enough to be born in the south-would of made my grandmother proud.  The only thing better than the food (if that's possible) is the service.  From hostess to waitress (Darlene) "I got the fried chicken wings. They were large and juicy. Excellent with Texas Pete hot sauce. I got a side item of macaroni. Hubby got the salmon cakes and they were quite small. He said they were good but not worth the price. Server was tentative at first but seriously disappeared for a long time. I noticed the manager staring at us and she finally got out server and I can see her saying something to her about us waiting forever. She finally gave us the check and we waited another 5 minutes to pick it up. Once she picked up our check  fried chicken was soggy. Mom was hungry so she peeled the skin off and ate the meat. She also had to pick through a ton of stalks in the collard greens. I asked them if they had a new chef they said no but new prep people I'm like well y'all need to teach them something cause today's dinner was horrible. So it seems Merts is either hit or miss depending on who's cooking or not!" I will go back and try a few other things. Restaurant has cool atmosphere and service was on point. Plus  if I have the occasion to eat here again  the food was fair. I gave them three stars because of the prompt service and attention of our wait person. This was my second visit in two years and I was was unexpectedly disappointed. I ordered beef BBQ ribs The Soul Rolls will soothe your soul Overall great spot I would visit again."  try the shrimp and grits. Forget the fried chicken because you will be missing out on good ol' low country meals."  come here. This is not a chain style restaurant Recommend for a grub." Gotta stop by again and try the banana bread pudding pancake on weekends."  really good but will probably induce diabetes" mpDxBBGywUE6GRRKja3sBA  driving back to the house the food smelled so good--so it passed the smell test (LOL) & it passed the taste test. It smelled like your grandmother's or mother's kitchen! I will be back!!!" Dessert we split a slice of German Chocolate cake. It was pretty good. They have a wonderful array of desserts to try."  she added that she's heard the complaint before. LOL It's really difficult to mess up a breakfast and I am so sorry to say Mert's did. I wouldn't recommend them for brunch but for lunch and dinner "The food really is some of the best soul food I've ever had. I tried some of everyone's sides and each was legit. I had the special This is not health food but it is soul food that is healthy for the soul!" Not as good as I expected. We were instantly seated and ordered our food. It took a long time to get the food and the wrong things came out. We waited forever for the correct items. And then waited forever again for the server to return...then forever once more to pay get cards back.  The food was average. Nothing special.  though that's relatively common among soul food restaurants. Any chance we can get some GF cornbread? The little loafs are so charming!" "Best place in charlotte to get a taste of  southern food..we had fried chicken  the back-eyed peas were standard but the catfish was a bit fishy and the breading was too thick.  The short ribs had a vinegar bite that I didn't find appealing.  I know there are some people who probably love it that way but it didn't work for me."  but if you are visiting there are much better options to try while you are here."  you have two new fans.  Upon arrival we had to wait about 15 minutes but the young man in his 20's with the short locs was definitely hustling to get everyone seated as quickly as possible.  Our waitress was hustling as well as the place was busy yet she managed to provide us with attentive service.  Most of my food was good.  I ordered the salmon cakes with mac and cheese and collards.  The collards were definitely too tough but tasty.  They could've been cooked a tad bit longer to reach perfection.  The price was definitely right and they also validate parking!"  refilling our drinks without us wondering around to find someone to do so :( Really hoping for the best and that the management there straightens up and get this place in shape again." Ive never had soul food better coming to Mertz and it was so worth the money. I had the shrimp and gritz every restaurant that has them i will try so i got them and fell in love. The atmosphere is in credible. The staff was friendly and received our food fast and piping hott.  the cornbread was DELICIOUS. We were pretty  living off of that until it was time to go..."  but if I have a friend in uptown looking for some comfort food The staff was great and service was impeccable!" I just wish the food was better so I could rave about this place like the rest of you." This comfort food heaven...." The presentation of my food was not appealing. I think the server almost lost control of my plate before I got to the table. The macaroni and cheese and collard greens were good but I felt the salmon cakes taste disgusting. I have had better. "I had the fried catfish and BBQ ribs with a side of Mac and collard greens. Everything was absolutely delicious   this is the place.  Chicken is on point but the the beef rib was unbelievable and stole the show.  The yams were  perfect Id give 2 1 2 stars. I really want this place to do well...Salmon cakes black and hard on one side? No thanks. I wanted to send it back but decided against it and ate it anyway. I liked the cornbread and mashed potatoes. Greens were ok. I ate here once before and was very disappointed with the fried chicken...thought I'd give it another try now months later. Server was nice but the food was just ok. Also after having real shrimp and grits in Charleston...popcorn shrimp and grits is not gonna cut it. Hope the chef cooks can make some changes for the better. Otherwise I'll just get cornbread and sides to go.  in the heart of Town.  A must try!  Bottomless mimosas on weekends are key to curing a long night!" I'll be back with some co-workers. I was looking for a good soul food restaurant in Charlotte for a while and I found it!" I gave it four stars for a couple of reasons that don't only include the food. The service was good. We were a party of 10 and had two wait staff on a Friday night. There was no wait for a table. The atmosphere is very nostalgic and I loved the music. We stayed longer because of it. I ordered the chicken wings with cabbage and collards. It also came with cornbread; one of my favorite. The cabbage was a hit at the table. I liked the collards even though they did not taste like mine. That had a hint of vinegar and they were topped with chopped onions and tomatoes. They we slightly al dente but that was fine too since they had a good flavor. The meal came with three large whole wings that were seasoned and fried to perfection. Now for the cornbread. I happen to be an expert at this and I know each person has their preference. It was a mini loaf and slightly over cooked. The top should be light brown with no Blackmon the edges. It was more dense than cakey which is okay for me but it lacked flavor. Slightly sweet which is okay too. My issue was that it did not come hot. They whipped butter just sat on it when I cut it open. Overall the table enjoyed their meals and I would come again if only for the veggies.   host had us down  for 7 instead of 2 (due to his handwriting) so waited 50 minutes.  Ordered oj .I recommend Merts for some for good very good place when you are in uptown for an event I couldn't even eat what I wanted on the menu because their sanitation grade is low..... this 90 includes the 2 bonus points they received for attending the ServSafe class.. the staff was friendly but the workers continued to chat with each other when they could have been working.  so all is forgiven. Our waitress was very attentive and offered to replace a salmon cake that was a bit burned without us asking."  just say so.  Yelp is powerful and most businesses take what we say to heart as long as it's constructive and comes from a place of caring and not cynicism." Food was good but not spectacular. I was not impressed with their mac n cheese which is usually a good way to make me happy. The fried green tomatoes were tasty though. The type of service you get depends on how busy they are. Almost always ridiculously busy (standing room only) because of their location.  the service was quick and friendly.  It was pretty packed here "Everyone raves about the cornbread and they are right! The cornbread is very unique to Mert's. I love the fish on the menu. Also Bought a fried turkey for thanksgiving - thank goodness I had a back up!  Turkey was not cooked (raw inside). The gravy was really good though. What a waste! OMG! SOOOOO good!! The only place I have had better collards is at my mothers house :) Amazing! The Salmon cakes are the best item on the menu. I pair it with cabbage as my side. The cornbread is sinful and it is served with honey butter; a perfect combo! I visit Mert's each time that I am in Charlotte! Cleanliness:  4 out of 5" I cant say enough good things about this place... To sum it up.. If you haven't been GO NOW!!! It is perfection in every bite! Especially the fried catfish and collards!!!!  but a little bland for my ideal. This was more of a classic mac & cheese while I prefer something with a little zip to it. The collards were good. They seemed a bit sweet to me whereas I tend to prefer mine either spicy or tangy. The texture of the collards was right on. The baked beans were totally edible. Once again  scanning the walls for something new that you might have missed on a previous visit. I have found the staff friendly and most attentive to your wants  and not a 4 star restaurant by any means...basic menu...I got the chicken breast and collard greens and sweet potatoes. ..the best part of the meal was the cornbread. My chicken was dry My waitress was working her tail feathers off and was extremely kind and attentive."  great food and great service. I had the Jumbo wing dinner that was accompanied by (slap yo momma) mac n cheese and collard greens. I wasn't particularly thrilled about the collard greens but they were played nicely and taste fresh. I will be back again!!!" Found this little Gem just passing through to Savannah GA and what a find it was!  Always looking for the next best thing Me and my little Chicklet stumbled into this eclectic little cafe drenched from the storm that suddenly popped up as we went in started a conversation with 2 strangers so comfortable was the atmosphere the hostess thought we were a group(we had never met) As we were settled into our table the vibe was filled with all the soul you could expect!  But oh how good was the food the corn bread and catfish were to die for but the best thing for me was the good buttered fried cabbage something that makes my mouth water as I think about them. One last thing the server hostess and even kitchen workers made time to speak this was a Top Notch surprise for such a quaint place thanks Chandra you took great care of us! We will return with empty bellies and bring friends. Merts Heart And Soul of Charlotte when the customer is always right.She yelled ""NOW THAT'S A LIE THEY ARE NOT ALWAYS RIGHT!I said please leave our table so that we can finish eating because we want be back!Because first of all you have been standing at that counter the whole time before you came over here digging in your teeth while  working around food and you are Rude!!!I will Never eat there Again!!!And the owner owes my sister and I an apology for his her disrespectful employees!!!" Mert's came highly recommended by several people so I made it my first stop on my visit to Charlotte. I was sadly disappointed. The best thing about my meal was the corn bread. I ordered the blackened pork chops with black eyed peas and yams. The pork chops were super thin and dry. The sides were just okay. My colleague ordered the chicken fingers with mac and cheese and collard greens. While her sides were delicious she thought the chicken fingers missed the mark. "Best place to get comfort soul food. Te wait staff is always friendly and the dishes  and amazing personality.  Ask for Lato'sha as she is amazing and won't lead you wrong.  Mert's is a part of Charlottes history and definitely worth the experience." "The first time we ate here the experience was great. The last time (this past Sunday) not so great. The wait staff seemed confused and the service was very slow. The soul rolls are 6.29 and small. Merts could improve by making a larger roll so you can actually see meaty pieces of chicken and collard green etc....On top of that they were burnt around the edges but still delivered to our table with an excuse that they were slammed with a Sunday church rush and having a hard time providing A1 service. When asked to speak to a manager they never arrived  and it was fantastic and a pretty good size.  The Mac and cheese was good but on the dry side but I liked that it had pieces of the browned crusty top.  The string beans were inedible and looked and tasted just like canned beans  which was odd because they had three tables that needed to be cleaned and only two people ahead of us. When we were seated the waitress was sweat at first. She explained to us that the catfish wasn't her favorite but the chicken was ok. (It's great when your staff really doesn't have that much to rave on). When our food arrived Care for some soul food?  Definitely go to Mert's!" "The food is good but the waiters are money hungry only ppl they want to wait on are ppl they think they will get a Big tip from   crunchy and gritty. Quite frankly they were disgusting. They also lacked flavor. I had the Merts appetizer platter. I  noticed the chicken was not properly cooked and the soul rolls were realllly disappointing. I did not like the sweet sauce that they were coated in and they left me with a weird taste in my mouth. Salmon cakes were just ok. But after a under satisfying experience with the other food  Mac and cheese and black eyed peas. The best part was the Texas Pete vinegar pepper sauce on the table  I'm sending you my Diner Bill!"  and we were completely done with our entire meal in 25 minutes. We ordered and received our food within 5 minutes of each other. I ordered the southern fried chicken breast with sides of macaroni & cheese and mashed potatoes. The food was incredible! Quality soul food. The restaurant itself is pretty small  mac n cheese and yams. We ordered to go and the wait was long. FOOD was NOT worth the wait. Staff was rude I am incredibly horrified by this place and will never come back." I will definitely come back again when I visit Charlotte."  the butter would not melt.  I wanted to like this place but I cant get past the HORRIBLE customer service."  but the taste was amazing and the portions were very large. Add on the fact that the waiters were friendly and that's about all I ask for in a restaurant experience!" Hot locals spot. A friend that lives in town took me to me here. Gets pretty full around lunch time. Would definitely recommend for true southern taste. Try the black eyed peas and corn bread!  and placed a Postmates order for Mert's just 10 minutes before they closed.  I know  but the food is more than worth it!"  this is the only place we HAVE TO take them. Definitely our go-to soul food spot in the area Will not return and I don't recommend you waste your money here. This place has an overall 3 star review for a reason." 16.00 LATER AND NOW I HAVE TO GO GET SOMETHING I CAN EAT!!!!!!!!!" Service is friendly and attentive without being obtrusive. Price is a bit steep but well worth it. I am trying to figure out how I can make this a weekly event!" "Go see Quesha for your soul fix! We sat on the patio and it was just perfect! We beat the rush inside and it was quiet. Loved the people watching. The food was just like ""in the kitchen"" The special was cinnamon pancakes and of course we had to try them. The corn bread was off the charts. The collards were cooked just right. Ok...it was all good. Catfish and the jumbo chicken wings were the best. Did I mention the Mac n cheese. The one I wasn't crazy about was the blackened pork chops. But the banana pudding cake pushed us over the top. We definitely got our soul on today and are feelin' good! Thanks for the great server!!!!" mpDxBBGywUE6GRRKja3sBA We both left full but totally unsatisfied. The menu was very very small. It's safe to say we won't be returning." "Don't know why the mixed reviews.  I like soul food and loved this place.  From collard greens to soul roll and chopped barbecue  but also lacked in seasoning- saved by the remoulade that came with it! Perhaps my problem is my southern roots are Georgia by way of Texas and Louisiana All very good. DW had the sampler and a salad; she was quite pleased. Definitely disagree with the negative reviews. We'll return next time we are in Charlotte." Love this place. Went with a group of 7 for a Sunday dinner before a flight food was awesome so was the service. "The food here is SO GOOD and the people that work there treat you like family! The only reason they lost a star was because the service was really slow in the beginning. I actually stared at our appetizers on the cook line for at least 10 minutes. Once the food got there Love the food here! Chicken is soooooo good! The cornbread is yummy! My fave soul food spot in Charlotte! We stumbled across this spot while visiting for the CIAA. Needless to say the wait was crazy long but it was well worth it. I thoroughly enjoyed everything from the cornbread to the fried fish. If soul food is what you're looking for look no further.  but I feel like she was putting on a fake voice and smile. My husband ordered the fried wings meal with macaroni and collard greens meanwhile I chose the catfish dinner with macaroni and collards. While waiting on our food "Amazing meal. I got the beef rib and fried chicken which were both outstanding. For sides I got the collard greens and cabbage  well I touched it and it was burnt and room temperature as well as my husband did not get his complete order. We were furious! Another woman brought syrup to the table and I asked for the manager and she just happen to be the manager. We voiced our complaints and she validated them because she said she saw us waiting and that no one had been to our table. She took the food back to the kitchen to show them and said we didn't have to pay for anything. She apologized and gave us a gift card and asked us to come back "We LOVE Merts! What a great place to dine regularly & bring out of town guests. We've lived in Charlotte almost a year. Merts was the first place we dined in Charlotte & we continue to go back often & have taken almost all of our out of town guests. We just took my parents (from the Midwest) & they loved it  gave us menus and told us about some of the food choices... I asked for a glass of wine. When it was served to me. The glass was filmy and dirty and also had someone's lipstick on it. I sent it back and walked out. I really wish I could give a food review but I can't I was disgusted by being served a drink a a nasty glass."  service and creativity. i really wish this restaurant was closer to me. i really wanted to go back there the next night for dinner Again a pretty good wine list and their bar area had lots of TVs so you could watch the game and have a beer or wine. Large restaurant. Good for groups. Had a pretty good cheese plate. Definitely recommend."  Mimosa should definitely be on your list of places to try if you want a real taste of Charlotte. It may be easy to go with the big chains like Mortons  shrimp and lobster over grits and brown gravy - WOW! This was so yummy that I totally dipped into his dish after I finished mine. The manager even came over to see how we were because he noticed the switch - he was so nice  but not to terribly bad.  The only real down side was the service.  Now we might have caught them on a bad day Make sure to order the side of mac and cheese (it has lobster in it) it is awesome!" Overall a WONDERFUL restaurant. My only complaint would have to be the background music - AWFUL. The restaurant is so elegant and lovely I have four more days in this beautiful city  all field stone and dark wood and bright light. I'd eat there again  so to was very nice to be out of the rain and be immediately greeted by the welcoming decor. We were quickly seated by our very pleasant host and our waitress briefed us on the specials for the evening. I asked for a recommendation on a cheese selection her choice of a local goat cheese was fabulous. For the entree I chose the New York Strip Pepper Steak and it was prepared perfectly. A glass of Beringer Reserve Cabernet went very well with the meal. I have been to the Mimosa Grill a few other times in the past and have always been pleased with the entire evening For a better review talk to my friend because he loved his chicken sandwich.  Unfortunately it will have to be another 5 years before I try it.  NO VALUE."  excellent service and good food always - very well prepared and presented.   A great place for the business traveler looking for fine food and a nice dining experience." I'll be back...if I return to Charlotte."  but certainly not worth the BoA  Wells Fargo crowd wait.  Based on the mahi mahi I had  I have always loved this place and get a feeling of nostalgia when I walk down the long hallway that is the dining room and feel the warmth from the sandstone columns. I know I'm going to eat well when I'm there  not enough beets and too much goat cheese - more of a goat cheese dip with beets."  Mimosa Grill is a must try for anyone who appreciates southern fair with a dash of sophistication." "Best thing about eating lunch here is the patio seating. Special soft shell crab over mixed green salad was disapponting at best. Soft shell crab was over-battered and lacked crab flavor. Salad was dull and lime vingrette seemed to be missing the lime. Chopped red onion totally overpowered. On prior visits  was very nice and checked in on our table several times throughout dinner. He apologized several times and we understood it was out of his hands. The restaurant GM should have made an appearance to our table. Lucky we didn't have clients with us this evening. Poor kitchen line management explains another reason why business dinners take 3 hours at these types of restaurants." Went on a Saturday night.  Had reservations and was given the option of outside seating or indoor.  Very accommodating.  Recommends the cheese plate.  Great service and atmosphere.  why a 9.5 you ask? BECAUSE I didn't get to try their desert. I'd be lying if I gave it a perfect 10 (like Scarlett Johannson) and it has a terrible desert. I will definitely be back there and will adjust the LBD scale accordingly."  save the chop. Im not sure that their ""farm to plate"" Ideal came across incredibly well  the bartender came over and said that I needed to choose another drink because she could not find the vodka. We ordered shrimp and grits which were served with a film layer on top of the gravy as if it had been sitting an excessive amount of time in the kitchen and a minuscule portion of grits. The dish had fine flavor but was nothing special. My dish was the Mimosa Eggs Benedict special but unfortunately the eggs in the benedict were cooked hard so no delicious yolk to ooze onto the dish as intended. The bartender forgot we were there for awhile and our drinks were empty and then appeared to be caught up in eating some pizza and talking to other employees and we had to walk over just to pay and get out of there. I might give this place another try during a busy night but was very disappointed. This may be one of those places that is living off of a good start and good reviews but has suffered a major decline in both quality and service. Oh and by the way We commented how we had not been here in awhile and we were impressed with the service and expeditious arrival of our food. I ordered the daily special: chicken pot pie which came with a salad and my friend got the wonton grilled chicken salad. We shared our meals and they were both delicious. I would love to go back for a dinner Bottom line: boring corporate setting I have also been here for lunch and had the opportunity to sit outside which was nice because it is a great location for people watching." NTfUFk8GyOLL1uPbEO-pVg "Took clients to dinner on a week night on what appeared to be a slow time. We were placed into a very crowded part of the restaurant. (empty tables elsewhere) Waiter was fair at best and he seemed in a hurry through out the meal. Food was nothing more than average which was a surprise after the high rating I read about. Unfortunately  atmosphere....all superb.  Wait staff attentive and helpful without being over present.  Everything fresh I enjoyed a 3 course brunch at Mimosa. We had a good discussion with our waiter about the area and the meal. Nice ambiance and food was top notch. I look forward to trying lunch dinner in the future.  Rob was the nicest person ever." 4 for the food and price." Excellent restaurant and experience - the main courses are excellent and the starters and desserts are excellent - will have to decide which one you want as you probably won't have room for both.  The fact they use local growers suppliers make the southern menu that much enticing.  the management is very lacking. Manager came over right when ewe we got our entrees and we asked her to come back and she never did. The bussing was a joke. We had to put our appetizer plates on the next table because they  were never cleared. Not a pleasant meal.Not worth the money." The service is impeccable and the lunch and dinner menus are top rate.  I will of course be back (unless my office gets moved too far away lol).  You are A-OK my pricey little Mimosa!" Get ye to Sunday brunch at Mimosa and be sure to visit the line a few times  the hostess made us wait 20 minutes when half the tables (indoors and outdoors) were clearly empty. Deducting one star for mean attitude." "Excellent service!! Brooke and Hannah are awesome servers!! Food was excellent Ok apps. Mostly US wines. Patio is the place to be....... Not sure I will ever give them a chance to up the 3 Star dinner lens with which I view them.  Too many other  but nothing remarkable.  Portions were small and priced at least triple what you would pay for the same quality of food outside of uptown.  Service was friendly  but man is that food good.  went there for thanksgiving 3 years ago  my friends and I went here for dinner. The food was good. I ordered the pecan crusted trout and peach cobbler. According to my husband  but the STAFF was the best part.  A+ all the way from this foodie!!  Ask for Alexandra L!  Best waitress bartender on the block :)" Good food and flavor.  Cold greeting at hostess desk.  Service good.  I would go back.  who later took over.  I HATE having to flag down a bartender because I feel rude but I needed my wine refilled!  The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is typical of a chain restaurant but still nice and clean.  I would not recommend an out of town business guest to go there  savory turnip greens and fresh pea succotash.  Gingerbread creme brulee.  YUM."  dinner for three can easily dip into the $80-$100." Had shrimp and grits for lunch.  Was not expecting much having lived on the Gulf Coast but was pleasantly surprised. "Great thanksgiving feast in beautiful downtown Charolette  was excellent.  The beet citrus chvre salad was beautifully presented and equally delicious.  The trout (which I was told has been the only entre that's been on the menu for 18 years running) was incredible; light and perfectly flakey.  The homemade biscuits with seasonal fruit butter were light and melt-in-the-mouth good.  Unlike many establishments in the area that over-serve huge portions of food  lacked the flavor I expect from a good bread pudding but the presentation was nice. Ill have to give this place another shot. Also the decor is nice great place to take your next ex-wife."  perfectly seasoned.  Service was just the right amount attentive. If I lived closer  not so cool. then i ordered the popcorn shrimp for an app. it looked delish when it came out. i even ate a couple and the sauces were yummy. even the people aitting next to me commented on how yummy it looked. then i saw a line of poop in one of the shrimp. a super gross out peeve of mine. i started to go through all the shrimp and they all had the poop. serving un-de-veined shrimp at such a fancy place?? uck!! i stopped eating. and left. will not return. BUT service was good."  app and entries came out to $75. Not bad for a very fancy restaurant." NTfUFk8GyOLL1uPbEO-pVg  glazed ham and heavenly dessert selection complete with chocolate covered strawberries. A few of the breakfast staple items on the buffet were just ok. A bit better bacon would earn them 5 stars from me.  Still  knowledgeable and courteous to my requests and expectations. My only qualm would be that the hostess was aloof and unconcerned. A common issue overlooked by even the most establishments. If I could offer any advice to the manager is that a hostess is the am ambassador to your production. It's the first person I see and the last person to say goodbye. Please take consideration to the significance to this persons affect on every customers experience and is exreamly important in creating a premier dinning experience." A good place to grab a drink if you are downtown.  I thnk it is a little pricey for what you get regarding food.  Food is good but nothing tremendous.  Great wine selection.  Nice for company functions as it has lots of space.  Very nice decor.  but as the place filled up our server seemed to disappear.  He never returned to refill our glasses or bring the missing ice cream that was supposed to go with my dessert!  While the restaurant interior is lovely and the location is great for all those that work in uptown The food was so great!  The pecan crusted trout was um um good.  The potatoes were as they say on the food network; plated too early; not hot.  They didn't spoil the dish but maybe I was hungry.  The shrimp fish and grits were indeed a treat!  We will go back again.  Waitress was friendly!  We ordered the mimosa cocktail and it was okay.  Since the food was tasty it's on the must return list.  it was a very pleasant experience and I'll definitely be coming back sometime." i will definitely come back!" "Sounded better than it was. the Waygu burger is all hype and not that flavorful. Waitress was friendly and wanted to make sure I left full Good upscale environment too!  Just a great place to stop by on the way out the door or anytime!" Their catering service is also pretty great My wife and I loved our food and the service.  It was a great date night!  and mimosas were excellent; I look forward to returning for dinner."  or else I might break another of my dining rules: never eat the same meal at the same restaurant! ;)"  perhaps a bit too pricey for lunch." Fabulous service. Fabulous food (the duck was amazing) and great ambience. Will go back when we return to Charlotte in July. We split the dessert tower among four of us - the desserts are only 3-4 bites 'big' - and I loved the apricot almond but everyone else preferred the pecan tart.  etc.) they also have a tapas menu of included made-to-order items. The walnut strawberry french toast was out of this world. Several different omelets and more. Without a doubt this place earned a spot on our must-stop list of restaurants when in Charlotte." "We had a disappointing experience with customer service regarding a group reservation. In fact Fresh pear butter and biscuits were a nice bonus." "Came here Saturday night with my husband. We arrived around 8pm and the restaurant was pretty empty which we were hoping wasn't a bad sign. We were seated promptly and offered beverages within minutes of being seated. I got a basil strawberry martini which was refreshing. My husband ordered a mojito. I ordered the pecan encrusted nc halibut. It was crispy and delicious. It was served over a potato puree with green beans. It was a good portion. I was full but still had room for dessert. We ordered the apricot dessert and sadly this was my least favorite item on the evening. It tasted old and between my husband and I we didn't even finish half of it. We ended the meal with a couple of expresso and got the bill which was 125$ Everything was worth every penny except the disappointing dessert. But whenever we are in town again we will probably try this place out for brunch Went for dinner with my wife on a Saturday night June 23rd.   This was our first time eating here.  We started out with some drinks and those lovely hot buttermilk biscuts with strawberry butter.  We had the Carolina crabcakes which were excellent.  My wife had the shrimp and grits and I had the pressed chicken.  Both were very very good hats off to the chef.  The atmosphere was so relaxing and the service was great.  We will definitely go back to try some more of the dishes!!!  and the free valet parking helped make this a hassle-free  tapas style menu with dishes like eggs with hollandaise sauce and walnut-crusted french toast. The small plates were INCLUDED in the price.  For dessert "My husband took me here for my birthday meal and it was a total surprise. The tapas menu plus the buffet were both very well done. They have a creole inspired eggs benedict which was very tasty and the walnut French toast was delicious. I think the most mouth watering part was surprisingly the grits and their sauce. Im not even a big grits fan and I found myself getting up for seconds and thirds. Then to just top it off and as part of the restaurant week with a $30 three-course meal it was a deal too." I will be returning soon!" "Love this place!   Southern cuisine with a modern twist!  Great food "Really enjoyed our brunch at Mimosa Grill!  Lots of yummy selections - the mac and cheese and salmon were absolutely delicious.  Just a heads up though And you'll again pay $20 for the pleasure (unlimited coffee  and a chocolate mouse concoction. Good place for a corporate event with perhaps best patio in CLT"  very consistent. Pork chop was terrible and food was cold."  it was a good experience!"  the made-to-order omelet and other stuff that i can't exactly remember several weeks later were delicious.  (I need to take a 3 1 2 trip back to Charlotte so i can remember. :-)  The waiter wasn't very attentive towards the end unfortunately.  But the female who filled our water glasses and brought us a few of the things we asked for was very attentive!  Thank you The only thing that was disappointing was that I was too full to try dessert.  I know if would have been fabulous!  Well The scene is a very cool with it being more of a young professional and after work crowd. Definitely would like to come back here during the day as it's probably much more enjoyable if sitting outside. Overall Now to the dining experience...our waiter was great. The food was also delicious. The drinks were strong. The prices were reasonable (for a nicer restaurant). The ambiance was quiet and quaint. I'd go back NTfUFk8GyOLL1uPbEO-pVg  we can't leave and go to another restaurant!  Mimosa Grill blew it (although I am pretty sure we will look back at this and laugh).  We did call Zink's (where we ate last year and owned by the same company) to see if they could fit us in.  Unfortunately I looked at the reviews and thought this would be a great place for bunch.  Wrong! I don't know how their regular menu food is but their brunch was horrible with a capital H.  $21 a person was way too much for disgusting food.  I ordered the special of the day which was fish and chips. The fish was huge (plus in my book) but tasted like Captain D's (definite disappointment). It's near my job so I may try this place again to make a final decision on it."  and beautifully presented.   And our waitress Swan was as delightful as she was prompt.   We probably don't try nearly enough different restaurants in uptown simply because we always know we will enjoy Mimosa so much."  I may drive to Charlotte again just to go back.  Wow!"  but their lunch specials are usually pretty good. If you are heading there for lunch  it is a very good experience  ask for Andrew and enjoy the experience."  in my opinion. I'm assuming it's getting high marks because of the focus on some low-country food. Atmosphere is not that unique "Came here for lunch with colleagues and found this place to be a great recommendation. Solid service and tasty food during a busy lunch service. Decent southern fare which included shrimp and grits  however the shrimp & grits was heavy and the mahi was bland over a really bad and overlooked jambalaya. Overall  and pan seared muscles!  nuff said!" They do serve lunch if you want to be a bit more conservative and just try it out. But I do recommend dinner Recently I went to their BBQ event. It was all you can eat for $24. I went to see a musician play who is amazing. The crowd was very engaged and everyone seemed to be having a great time. Although I didn't try the BBQ I also had a great time. $2 beer specials and live music on a beautiful Sat evening. Cant get much better than that." 2) Don't know if I'd have paid $30....I barely went up for seconds" I ordered the Mediterranean veggie wrap with a side of sweet potatoes. It was perfect :). The location is nice too."  I could go to the Omni and have a proper brunch with an omelet bar  I had the opportunity to try their Colorado lamb loin on the bed of spinach with empanadas on the side.  It was seasoned very well  but don't frequent it as I (personally) prefer Ruth's followed by Capital Grille on the rare occasion we like to splurge. Though "Only went there during happy hour. There was a great drink selection  the only reason they didn't get a 5 STAR out of me is because I have to ensure they are consistent. Once visit doesn't amount to 5 stars The heirloom tomato salad may be the best thing i've ever eaten." I don't know why the low rating but I know brunch and will say this place could come to DC and never been empty. Would've given 5 but our waitress was MIA most of the time We went here during Restaurant Week and really liked it.  Everything was very fresh - farm to table concept and they support local farmers.  The heirloom tomato salad was excellent.  They were able to accomodate our food preferences and ensured my entire meal was gluten free.  I will definitely try this place again. The service was great and the food was delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to a friend."  when you find it behind the vibrant inner city party scene of Charlotte is one of my favorite New Southern Cuisine spots with impeccable service  good fried chicken special on Wednesdays. Gets pretty busy for HH as well. Salads are fresh and a good portion. Fast seating  etc. I like being able to go to the buffet and to select items that are prepared for me. The restaurant has a very appealing atmosphere. This is the first place that I take people for brunch. It's a great experience and a great value." Service was good except they forgot to give us the basket of biscuits which we received promptly after we asked for it. The fried oysters were a disappointment. the breading fell off and they seemed under cooked. The lamb was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The dumplings that came with it were mediocre as was the cheesy creamed spinach. The short rib was tasty served on a bed of potato hash also good. The peach cobbler was not made with fresh peaches and should be skipped. It is important to note the prices are on the higher side for lunch; with most running between $13 and $15."  all great dishes but a little pricey. The mussels were incredible! A series of appetizers and great company made it a great night. It can be busy so make sure you have your reservation and get there a little earlier. You can take a walk around uptown after dinner to work off the wonderful dinner."  great food. Website menu was out of date as they change items regularly."  and not overpriced.  I like the bartender too.  Good selection of local beers This was $100 meal that was more like a 2 for $20 deal at Chili's or TGI Friday's. If I ever go back to this place again it will be for the apps only. Save your money." I would definitely go back- dinner was soooo good! Oh  a bit heavy for my tastes but typical southern cuisine with all the sauces butter oils that implies.   The atmosphere is nice and the service is always quire good."  very flavorful. A bit pricey for sure. Would go back and try some other dishes."  tomato butter) which was delicious. Perfect place for a lunch meeting or to catch up with a friend- or in my case  overall I will surely add this place to my go to's." The two stars are based on the nice decor and excellent service.  But the food was not so great." Oh and if you somehow manage to have room left after sampling all those goodies....they have chocolate covered strawberries! Yum!" Went here for dinner last weekend Saturday. The food was great the service was great. Would love to go there Again and try everything on the menu. Ny strip grilled over a wood fire with the squash casserole... on point!  One of the best spots in uptown Charlotte  and presentation in a dish that I've ever experienced.  The ambiance is great and I'd imagine a spring reservation on the patio would be top notch overlooking the plaza.  Few places balance setting and service without being pretentious.  This is one of those places.  I'll be sure to return." Mimosa Grill boasts a great Uptown location and an elegant atmosphere. But with the wide selection of outstanding dining options in Charlotte  but mostly kale and radish with some pumpkin seeds.  Nothing I would get again.  I had the fish special which was blackened Mahi on spicy chili flavored rice.  Just fair.  I had the pecan pie desert which was not that good.  I wouldn't go back.  I wouldn't recommend this place or their food.  Also overpriced for the boring food I had." To recap - I'm giving them 5 stars...so Mimosa Grill please don't let me down next time I visit you." "Being a vegetarian it's always a challenge to find something more than salad n such on a menu. The chefs here did a ""creative"" platter with a medley of different seasonal and local veggies that were amazing. The pea pure was super tasty as was everything they put together. Awesome biscuits n honey butter too." I've already made our reservations for Mother's Day!" would come back here next time I'm in the area!"  I ordered the garlic fries to start and that in itself was a full meal. My entree was the filet and it was cooked perfectly. My friend's meal was also excellent as well. The service was top notch and we will definitely be coming back."  as well as special tapas selection list. Great bloody mary's and of course mimosas. Delicious!" I was disappointed with the quality of the food for the price. But a positive was that they have a good drink selection. I also do really like the environment of the restaurant. All in all this place is amazing. I can't imagine anyone not finding something they love off of this menu."  complementary valet....who would turn that down?!" Always a good meal at a fair price here.  The staff knows how to take care of you like a true guest!! The best part was that if you are staying at the near by Marriott then you get a discount."  I was extremely disappointed.  All the food was cold and clearly had sat around for a long time.  The servers were not friendly.  I politely asked that they bring out some hotter food and I was told ""we are working on it"" and the employee turned away.  Some ""hotter"" food came out 20 minutes later but most everything was still cold.  I called back later in the day because for $40 I expected better.  The manager disregarded my feedback "Food and service was good. There was nothing standout though. The waiters didn't know the wine list very well  overall but the portion sizes were not. I had the Beet salad (not many entree options for vegetarians) and mushrooms. My group had a variety of items from crab cakes  because it overlooked a beautiful courtyard. We got to sample a lot of the appetizers and everything was so exquisitely prepared. Truly a delight." Great selection of dishes on the menu. Was hard to decide what to order. Decided on turkey sandwich.. Very good  and seasonal. They have an extensive top shelf liquor and wine selection. If you're not interested in alcohol It is a little pricey depending on what you order. This is a great place to go for a power lunch  but it was a total of 3. That's right 3 for $30. And one was undercooked. My stomach hasn't been right since I ate it. Which they assured me was not undercooked. Figured they couldn't mess up Creme brle.... But it was room temp and runny. Oh well. Won't be back for dinner."  one with some shell still on it. The Mac and Cheese wasn't anything special either. Our drinks and entrees took so long we asked for our checks as soon as the food came out  great food and the late evening ambiance was a perfect way to close an evening. I highly recommend the Mimosa Grill."  I could have easily drank 5 more. LOL. My meal started with the lobstah mac n cheese. This was loaded with big pieces of lobster and creamy cheesy mac. I felt like it might be a bit too buttery (yes buttery) as what I had left was huge pool of it in the bottom of my dish when i was done. My friend had a hummus plate and it was probably the best hummus I had ever had. That appetizer was a winner! I also had the Short Rib as my entree. This is very much like an updated version of beef and noodles (which is my go-to comfort food)The Ramen noodles tasted homemade and the broth with the veg was delish. The beef was very tender. For dessert I had the pecan pie. It was a small tart with a dollop on maple tasting icecream. Very refreshing. The only thing negative I would say that some people in my party ordered extra sides or apps and they came out at different times then us ordering just 3 courses. So therefore we had finished our entree and others had'nt even gotten theirs yet. Awkward service. Hence the reason I only gave this 4 stars.  Overall we would go back again as the food was fresh and yummy."  the lobster Mac and cheese was ""fishy.""  The waiter quickly adjusted the bill  knowledgeable server.  What more can I say?" The first time I have ever asked my server to get me the recipe for a dish! The Carolina coastal catch is hands down one of the best dishes I've ever had. Great place to celebrate our anniversary! Its not cheap but for the sheer amount of options available it is certainly worth it."  service is good and atmosphere is great! I had the hush puppy shrimp appetizer and they were ok. Could have been much more flavorful though."  we got our biscuits (in my opinion the order should have been reversed). That butter is heaven-sent though. Ordered pork belly and scallops for 30 bucks. Came out as two scallops and a piece of pork belly about the size of the scallop. Pork belly was overcooked and scallops were cool in the middle. I've had better quality and quantity for ten bucks less. My boyfriend ordered short ribs and that was awesome. For dessert we got the creme brle (nothing special) and a pecan pie (crust dough was essentially raw). That said drinks were well priced and service was okay. For total price  but not intrusive and they really try hard all around.  I appreciate the effort and the mix of Southern staples and seasonal dishes keeps me coming back."  but I guess that's a good thing so I don't come back to the desk with a food coma. Too late - food coma it is..." ) and two perfectly grilled scallops!!! We finished with the blueberry cobbler. My only complaint was that the steak on both of our plates came out luke warm  you do get the fine dining experience and treatment. Servers are attentive and check-in with you. Good at refilling your water. It was an enjoyable dining experience for me. I think this a great place for lunch meetings  but it seemed like it was the place to be for local finance execs."  and it took even longer to order and get our food.  Their chicken sandwich was ordinary and the fries came out a little cold.  I think you would be better off grabbing lunch from Chicfila." cheap drinks and expensive food but good"  and we were in the private room.   We had a happy hour party in the pasta bar with with appetizers passed around .  We then proceeded to the private dining area which is glass enclosed. Great atmosphere. The food was delicious. We especially enjoyed the crusted trout.  Service was good and friendly.  This was my biggest customer and taking a group out that large can be very stressful. I'm always worried that everything will not go perfectly.  It was everything that I had hoped it would be Could have been a 5 5 stars if the mussels were cooked fresh and properly.  Great atmosphere and quite a few quality selections to choose from on the menu." Definitely recommend... Even better is that if you are staying at the nearby Hilton Garden Inn or Hampton Inn Entrees varied and all were pretty good! Hubs wasn't a big fan of the short rib entree. The potatoes that came with my trout was pretty sweet like maple. Overall The Tiramisu Chocolate Martini was with the whole trip to Charlotte!!!  We may have ordered a few extra of those." The waitress was pleasant but the food and drinks was not the best. Mayb because I'm West Indian and I'm accustom to well seasoned food. The lobster macaroni and cheese tasted bland and the drinks were not strong enough. My over all opinion is this place is over priced for what is being served.  which has been on the menu for 20 years.  It was amazing and came with a huge portion of fish.  Their signature appetizer "Excellent service! The majority of their products are locally bought and the prices are reasonable for the quality. Some of the wines are arranged where a certain amount of the proceeds are directed to a local food bank. The lobster mac-n-cheese is an amazing start to your meal "Pretty good lunch spot. Lots of professionals. Good environment. Had the salmon  but a little overpriced. The portions were not big enough for the price and quality. The service was fine. Nothing to complain about Looking forward to my next visit for dinner!"  expensive food that's average at most." Overall the service was good and our dinner was good too. Highlights were the Iced tea  It was a great experience to me. The service and the food were good and I am planning to come back there." It seems like a hit-or-miss kind of place and would be a good option if you want to spend a lot of money but you can't get in to the other high-end places in Charlotte."  the food we did have was so good that had we felt more welcome we would have possibly had a great dinner to follow those bar bites! Which is also why this is still a 4-star review." For two of us on our anniversary dinner on a Saturday night I left feeling disappointed. For 36 hours I have been in town asking locals if this was a good place and getting positive feedback. Hmmmm." The complimentary biscuits with sweet butter were wonderful.  We started off with the lobster mac and cheese which was excellent.  My friend ordered the duck and I had the mountain trout. Both were great but I preferred the duck over the trout. So much flavor!  We were too full for dessert but were very pleased with the meal and service." Great place to eat. Kinda expensive but if it's once in a while dinner than its not to bad. Portions are not small but are not big either.  and management really seems to care here. I saw the manager (Josh) helping a young man propose and it was really thoughtful. I think that kind of going above and beyond is what sets apart a good restaurant from a great one and Mimosa is a great one in my book!" This was such a relaxing evening. Service was absolutely amazing. We will absolutely return!"  and a nice salad. Everything was excellent including the service and ambiance. Will dine here often." Amazing service and the best food in Charlotte. The trout is to die for along with the cauliflower mash! This place has a great ambiance and the manager was fantastic. We first tried this restaurant only 2 weeks ago and have been back since. Highly recommend this place to anyone!  then that might be a great value but I prefer quality over quantity. Maybe I was expecting more because all of the hype and rave reviews. For $24 I would have easily gotten a better meal at a sit-down  upscale restaurant and it seems like it is one of the better restaurants in this area. I know I will be back here.. you should check it out too!" Upscale foodie favorite with upscale prices. Everything fresh and well presented. Great place to take guests. Wonderful crab cakes   Some good southern favorited. Like shrimp n grits. Overall poor service. Not coming back." "Great start with warm southern biscuits "I have become a huge fan of their brunch. My experience this past Sunday was excellent. Andrew the waiter was efficient and did well with a large group of hungry women! I loved that you could order off the tapas menu  and they didn't skimp on it which I appreciate. My boyfriend and I got the salmon and the trout special (?) which weren't anything to write home about. I honestly felt like I could have made something similar at home. Also Awesome!  Delicious trout!   Great service and biscuits to die for!  We also had the banana creme burlee which was yummy!  Highly recommend!  and they sometimes offer organic options.  All good in my book.  The only bad thing I can say about this place is that the Sangria sucks.  Sorry Tried several apps. The lobster mac n cheese was heaven!!  Good service and good food.  and the manager even promptly fixed a ""messed up"" order when one of my fellow diners said her burger was incorrect for having sauce when she said cheddar and aioli only (but didn't realize aioli is the sauce). All in all decent quality food with pretty friendly service  we never waited to long for drinks or items we ordered off the menu (that were included in the buffet  and the shrimp and grits was delicious. Everyone loved what they got."  you will not be disappointed!" I ordered the Crab Cake stack which included fried green tomatoes and a bacon aioli sauce. The best crab cakes I have had. I would definitely make a trip to Charlotte just for this meal. I usually only come here for lunch as the dinner can get pricey but the menu here is always excellent. Food choices tend to rotate through here and there's always more I want to try on the menu than I'm able to. Unique combinations of flavors and ingredients separates this from most of the places I've been around Charlotte. All-around good spot to eat.  which was amazing--a really good mix of different flavors that went together so well." Really 1 1 2 stars. Atmosphere and decor are nice but it's pricey. Food is nothing to brag about nor is the service. Desserts taste like they came out of a box. If you're looking for a good local dinning experience - keep looking. This ain't it. The waitstaff was so nice and helpful and the decor and atmosphere was so pleasant."  and it was delicious.  The server was friendly and knowledgeable about the food and wine menus.   I like the decor.   It is expensive." The food is really good here.  I will eventually try other things here... but those fries just killed it for any other fries out there.  No other fries have ever been that good.  Yum!" "I met 4 of my blogger girlfriends here on Saturday and what a great place! I had salad to start and the trout for my meal and that trout was absolutely delicious. My portion was big  but the food has been consistently good each visit.  I really like their pecan crusted chicken salad with sweet mustard dressing $24 per person. But it's worth it.... Drinks not included." The Carolina Crab Cake stack with fried green tomatoes was delicious. They weren't too heavy and had a perfect amount of sauce. The ice tea was bold and still balanced. Thumbs up  but not here! Our waiter was very attentive and it was appreciated! Now on to my favorite part... Look at the pictures. They say a picture says 1000 words and that couldn't be more true here. Happy brunching!" Would love to go again for dinner and brunch to try some other items."  and certainly the chocolate-covered strawberries.  Bloody Mary was just ""ok"" and the eggs Benedict had sausage instead of Canadian bacon(?!?!?!) so be warned. Still very very good and worth a trip back."  be sure to try the bread pudding and other pastries! Best of the last four brunch places we've done this summer! The salmon and shrimp were large thick pieces and very fresh. Excellent Mac n cheese and really good selection of fruits  this two stars comes from service. I ordered the chopped chicken salad and found it was missing avacado. The woman behind the counter looked put out when our (very nice) waitress asked if she could chop some. The avacado that was chopped for me was mostly black and rotten. My friend who owns her own resturant stopped the manager  and I had the salmon.  Both meals were exceptional.  I can't wait to go back." I recommend  the Mimosa Grille and plan to return real soon." Absolutely loved it! My girlfriends and I decide to try it out during restaurant week and it proved to be well worth it. Friendly staff and delicious food! We all got different choices and I can't recall everyone's anymore but they all looked good and all my friends had great reviews about their dinner. I had the duck trio and the banana pudding creme brle....oh! They were both amazing! I'd definitely recommend this place for a lovely date night or a foodie loving group of women out for girls night!  you will have to wait for your entree for over 30 minutes. Just awful in every sense of the way. The only redeeming quality is the decor." I came for a date around 8pm. The ambiance was beautiful. Warm and contemporary w  a little rustic detail. Since I am on a cleanse I ordered two vegetarian sides. The braised Brussels sprouts and the hickory grilled broccolini. They were absolutely delicious and not too over cooked. For drinks I had the ST. Germaine & champagne which is my own person mix. I had at least 5 glasses lol. (My sd date was boring me to death) but I found relief in the friendly weight staff. I would definitely recommend this place.  but for 25-30 dollars per plate I would like the food to be hot or at least warm. Got a bloody mary "We were in Charlotte on business for the week.  Stumbled upon by happenstance the first day there.  Went back every single day.  We foraged the menu...excellent trout dish.  Best dang cheeseburger I've ever had (unexpected to eat a cheeseburger in a joint like this). Casual lunch experience.  Excellent staff. Service was just nothing short of amazing. Recommend the trout Really enjoyed our dinner here. Tried my husband's grits - a food I am normally not a big fan of - and I will admit that they were delicious. Almost as good as my salmon. Strongly recommend trying it out for happy hour. It's popping with networking from Wells Fargo and the surrounding businesses right around 5pm. The sangria in the summer on the patio is tops. Trust.  I do not think this was worth it. But the reason I give this a 4 star instead of a 3 was because of the service. I'm going to be honest with you and my family is filled with looney bins and we ask for some silly requests (warming up cookies and a glass of milk). The server answered all of our requests without hesitating and that basically made our meal. Would we come back again for thanksgiving? Maybe. But we'll keep our options open for next year."  burnt coffee with some kind of artificial foam on top. Definitely wouldn't go back."  Wednesday is the best day to go for the baked chicken. My personal favorite is the grill chicken salad or the Salmon BLT sandwich. The Arnold Palmer is usually good as well."  this place will surely be a ""drinks only"" place and we'll have dinner somewhere else." If you are visiting the Charlotte area or looking for a spot with a great ambience and affordable I would recommend for locals and travelers alike." This is a convenient restaurant located centrally in the city. However nothing special jumped out on the menu to me but there was nothing great and nothing poor about the meal. "Nice family brunch after the Christmas holiday. David treated us well. Very attentive without smothering us. The food was quality and fresh. Favorites at the table were grits with shrimp sauce  which was so good I can't even begin to explain.  The place was really clean and the staff was extremely kind and inviting.  Definitely are great place for a date or just good food."  but the salad that goes along with it was amazing. The cheese mixture on the lobster mac & cheese tasted a little funny. We both ordered the NC Mountain Trout and the entire entree was mediocre as well. Which is weird because that's supposed to be one of their best entrees... I ordered the Spiced Pear drink and it was TERRIBLE. Don't try it!! I had high hopes for this place  and house salad were all great. The only food item that could have been improved upon was the boiled shrimp. And because I'm New Orleans  and I must have heard 20 times...""Don't embarrass me by taking pictures of your food (you idiot)."" So like the obedient submissive I am  as I love their crab cakes. Lobster mac and cheese and a house turkey sandwich sufficed for todays eating.  I have had their Shrimp and grits The second  time I went I got really sick and thought it might just be me however the other two people in our party also got sick as well and all I ate was cauliflower soup & and a side of brussel sprouts  so I'll have to check that out on my next visit. Wish I would of saved room for dessert...oh well next time! :)" Great place and you can't beat the $3 mimosas and all day specials on drinks . My only issue was the confusion with their evening open times. On the site it say 4pm to open again from the brunch closure but at the restaurant the actual opening time to order is 5pm. We were strapped for time so we didn't get to order food but maybe next time! Great place.  The food was delicious.  The drinks were superb.  The prices were very high!  Make sure you have at least $100 to spend.  I didn't even get dessert "Went here for brunch on my birthday. We were about 10 minutes early for the reservation but were promptly seated. The food was wonderful. The additions from the tapas menu with the buffet were great.  The service was good "I have been in Charlotte for 2 1 2 years and have been to a couple of places for brunch. I have asked several locals what is the best Sunday brunch. No one could really think of a place. After doing my own online research and using Yelp I came across Mimosa Grill. This place did not disappoint. The grits and seafood tasso gravy was delicious. The French toast was delightful. I will be back. Great brunch for the girls  pepper?) would have made all the difference. Chilling the salad greens and only lightly dressing would have been a plus. Hope this was an anomaly. Maybe next time?" Came here for Bunch with a friend and everything we tasted was incredible! I had the steak with asparagus and it was the most flavorful dish I had in a while . Our server Dan was prompt and friendly and assisted us with great recommendations. The desserts were delicious. We will be back! This place is amazing! Awesome food and Dan our server was so nice too! I would definitely recommend coming here for a great meal! This is a wonderful restaurant!! YUM yum yum!"  but then you can also order small plates like walnut crusted French toast with berries and or their quiche of the day. I love their shrimp and grits "Loved the natural lighting and space at Mimosa Grill! Our service was amazing and I had a wonderful lunch salad! A great spot for friends NTfUFk8GyOLL1uPbEO-pVg Don't pass this place up NTfUFk8GyOLL1uPbEO-pVg "Delicious! I licked the plate of the rockfish! Scallops were delicious too! I specifically ask our servers name Waitresses were friendly and attentive to our crowd." "Easily one of the best restaurants I have been to.  This is a stop I make every time I am in Charlotte.  The atmosphere is classy and urban First time in clt and at mimosa grill. Service excellent. Food crazy good. Georgia hush puppies were unbelievable. My dinner comrades got the scallops and fried chicken. Both got rave reviews. My trout was excellent as well. Dessert did not disappoint. Would Highly recommend. Very yummy!! The very cocktail was delicious. Then we had the stuffed hush puppies which are rich but a must share item. Then finished it with the trout that was to die for!!!!!  oh... And the biscuits... Had to bring home the left over biscuits because there is no way I was gonna leave those behind. So moist and soft and perfect. I could have just spent the whole meal eating those but couldn't because I still had so much more to try. And the only item I would not get again was the Apple salad. It wasn't what I expected which was disappointing. Next time I want to try the beet salad!!! Wife & I have traveled the World. Longhorn or any number of establishments are better at half the price."  the service inattentive and the temperature in the restaurant set to artic. I will not be returning."  however will not have the opportunity to do so since I was told they could not seat us at any point over 3 days ( Being busy should not overshadow being courteous on the phone. I no longer want to attempt to plan any of our business luncheons here.)" "Went here for my birthday and was so disappointed. I'm not sure if the food was bad bc we got there 20 mins before closing or if it was just an off day for them. I ordered a fried chicken dish and the chicken was undercooked. When I told our server he tried to convince me it wasn't and that it was just the sauce they put on the chicken. What?! Firstly how dare you insult my intelligence. I've been eating and cooking chicken for over 20 years  and service was excellent. Ordered two sea food towers for the table and it was beautiful and tasty. I ordered the trout as my entree and it was great  but nothing was bad.  This is where I wish I could give a 3.5  Better than ""ok""  but I'm not rushing to come back any time soon." This place was awesome! Mimosa and Bellini were the best I ever had! No wait in line like all the resturants in Atl.. Lunch was fantastic! The trout is truly delicious. Farm to table menu and the cocktails do not disappoint. Amazing food!! Super cute restaurant!! Only 4 stars because the service was only subpar... Waitress didn't have much personality and was awkward... But a must go to! Service was good and the trout was delicious!" Went there for birthday dinner with coworkers. All of us in town for biz. Excellent service & food. I ordered the scallops which were amazing! Others had short ribs & halibut. I tried halibut - very juicy & flavorful. "I took my wife to this restaurant for her 40th Birthday to start the evening off in Uptown Charlotte.  She had the fried chicken and I had the filet. AMAZING! Great atmosphere  a couple of mushy beets and a cold piece of friend chicken skin for $15?!?! You must be kidding. Awful." I ordered the Pecan Crusted Trout and it still did not disappoint." "Stopped by here for their Sunday brunch buffet and was not disappointed. All of the items on the buffet were seasoned and cooked very well. I particularly enjoyed the salmon. For the most part they kept buffet items stocked and they also have a small bunch menu that you may order items off of that is included in the price. When you do order these items "Came here for Sunday brunch and it was a good experience. The buffet consists of brunch food & there was a menu on the table for additional items. The additional items are included in the cost of the buffet Outdoor seating with great people watching coming on & off the Lynx."  local grocer that has all of your needs in the food department. They also serve up some lunch but I haven't had any so I can't speak to that. If I were to work uptown It's also kind of nice to be able to pick up some fancy-pants groceries while stopping in on a lunch break. I like looking forward to dinner while I'm at work  but i will say the sushi is yummy and normally priced.  the tizerts cakes are so delish i would eat them until i died."  watching the light-rail train go by. If you're not usually uptown much  grab a small bite at the cafe or hot bar and sit indoors or outdoors (and watch the lightrail pass by).  Again  and the cuts.  every one who thinks its more expensive You will be sorely missed! An icon of Charlotte. And at one point the only market in Uptown!  prices are good. The only complaint I would have to say anything about is sometimes the portions are not all that much......" I'm sure I'll be back within the week. It's usually the end of the week choice for a treat!" It's a solid spot for a low budget meal.  You will be happy if you have the right mindset and expectation." "Gardenia has to be one of the best values in Charlotte: good home-cooking and a lot of it The entire staff is very friendly so make sure to leave them a good tip. Caint beat this place that serves nice comfort food  walked back to the kitchen and returned with our food.   Southern Home cooking Fast." I love this restaurant.  It's really good to have a restaurant that cooks with heart and soul.  I eat their several times each week.  The food tastes great and is priced GREAT.  No complaints.  since I was flying in from a different city. Came to Gardenia cause it was close to airport and rental car company. Best home style southern cooking I've had in a long time! And the prices were on the really inexpensive side. Loved that the waitresses knew the regulars by name!" I am not sure how someone thinks this food is great.  It is subpar and out of the freezer.  There is no way that this is Southern fare that is good or even tasteful.  Nothing is homemade and food is dry.  Service is nice and the lobby is good.  But please close and stop serving food that comes out of the freezer.  Grocery stores are always open. This place is the definition of great food at a great price. I work 2 mi away so I always pickup and my orders are always correct. I needed a break from fast food so my coworker recommended Gardenia. I've been 3 times and my favorite so far is the stuffed chicken.  comfortable with nice booths and tables.  Many locals eat here regularly. My BLT and homemade potato salad were excellent We grabbed a quick lunch before heading out of town. I had the pork chops and they were delicious. My wife and son both had the lasagna lunch specials and both enjoyed them. They have daily lunch specials Monday-Saturday. I would give them a try next time you are around.  and service is fast for a sit-down restaurant. They have daily specials." I love the many options of comfort food they have. There daily specials are awesome always something different to choose from. The staff is always so nice and food comes out hott and in a timely manner. I would recommend anyone whos looking for some good comfort food to try gardenias. They have a usual menu and daily plate specials. The sides available also vary depending on the day. Note: Mac n cheese is on Wednesday" This place specializes in down home cooking.  They are famous for their fried chicken and I definitely recommend trying it.  They also have a variety of other foods to choose from if you're more health conscious that myself.  Definitely one to try for your next long lunch hour.  but not for a cheap lunch.  Be prepared to pay dinner prices."  and cranberry sauce on top of a muffin (they mean English muffin). But when it came out it just looked like a bowl of lard. It also felt like I was eating a bowl of lard. I should have probably ordered from the diet menu. Haven't had this bad of an experience in a while." I probably wouldn't frequent the Charlotte Cafe "The singularly worst dining experience I have ever had.  Service was extremely slow.  We were repeatedly served raw chicken.  A complimentary basket of fries offered to keep our hungry children happy during the repeated food returns was added to our bill.  On the third plate of raw chicken we decided to leave.  We asked for the raw and inedible items and the fries (that we had not ordered) to be removed from our bill.  We were willing to pay for the drinks and few edible items and the manager harangued us.  Then the owner showed up and after harassing us for awhile took the entire bill away and made a loud bizarre speech about what a great businessman he was.  Meanwhile other tables were also experiencing issues and walking out.  We handed our poor waitress  no way..breakfast better. Homefries good. Omlettes dry and not so good." My sister ordered pancakes which she had no problem with and returning to the South  I don't see why it was.  It reports a very similar experience to the one I had with the kitchen unable to cook the food right and the customer still being charged for it."  fine-dining experience... go across the parking lot.  But if you want a good meal "come here for breakfast once a week . Good  Rough start for lunch. Waitress with an attitude. Had a good little breakfast for under $6.00. Simple decor friendly staff.  the service was very slow and I waited forever for my food to come out - and it was not even anything special - scrambled eggs Doing some work while waiting for my engine oil to be changed at Firestone!" Very good. I had the salmon pattie entree. Food and service excellent.  I'll be back.  especially if you have little ones. They have a large menu and daily specials (recommend the chicken and dumplings). I've tried all sorts of things on their menu and the only item I recommend skipping are the fries." Elderly woman after me was talking quietly to the hostess about the chicken.  Based on other reviews b856Q36EWKbwbm_XdJER8Q "My family loves going here.  Kids get 2 sides for free and then we usually split a kids meal between them. My husband and I love when they have the pot roast over egg noodles special! They have lots of other great plates b856Q36EWKbwbm_XdJER8Q  this is a great spot for Breakfast." The Chicken Box is awesome!  This place totally rates up there with Price's and it has better hours and is much less crowded. "Pretty Pricey for Cheap Eats. I think my Chicken with a Sweet Tea was $9.50 or so...But the food was good and I went with my Friend who's Black and a cheerleader at UNCC. So  helping out serving and making sure things are going well with customers. Close to Downtown and right around the corner from NoDa. Love this place."  so it's not a great place to go if you're in a hurry. Other than that - I wish that you could do 1 2 stars on here - because they are closer to a 4 than a 3." "Area kinda shady...but best fried chicken in the city by far. Great prices also  it's time to get your grub on.  Here's my list of the GREATS at Chick Box: 1) Fried Chicken; 2)Fried Tillapia; 3)Fried Whiting; 4) Collard Greens; 4)Mac N Cheese.  Wash it all down with a cold lemonade. AAAHhhhhhh!!  Don't forget desert "I'm going to need the Chicken Box to step it up a notch.  My last couple of visits were just ok  and pintos and rice).  Everything was made to oder and quite tasty!  I am glad the restaurant has been able to weather the econmic storm and is still in busy.  When your stomach is crying for something to eat and you are in the area - go to Chicken Box!"  how I miss thee...... I haven't lived in Charlotte in over 5 years but yet and still I still crave this place and refer others there. It is good quality food so that is why I keep coming back for the same ole same ole. My favorite is their 3 piece wing dinner. I like there collard greens and their hushpuppies. I also like there sweet tea Husband and I went there for dinner to go. Fried chicken was great!  so expect to wait for about 15 minutes if you don't call ahead. The chicken is so crispy and the meat is incredibly moist. I love this chicken more than Prices' because it's less greasy. They have a drive-thru window that is for pick-up only YbqNbrnOEk2T0qIBbTivuQ  but I've had really good gizzard snacks before. The chicken is well-cooked and the crispy skin on the outside is artery-clogging goodness. The best part is that you can get a super meal deal for about $5 YbqNbrnOEk2T0qIBbTivuQ Best soul food..... Ever. Great ppl too. Gizzards and everything else on the menu is amazing.  who might be one of these voters who is ""undecided"".  I guess the candidates are so similar that it's hard to tell them apart.  Uh... anyway Thanks Chicken Box for making sure you added a couple of napkins to the bag. I needed them.  Really They have fried everything and I love it.  If you want something good off the grid then stop by the chicken box and enjoy the south at its best."  but the food is amazing. I had fried chicken and it was the best I've ever had. Even the side items were good. They had things like Chittlins  excellent food and portions what more do u need"  the fried chicken is just the best ever.  The sides are excellent.  I usually get mac and cheese and green beans.  The food is ready and hot in just a few minutes.  I always say I'm going to try something different This is where it's at.  The best soul food in town.  Prices really cater to working class folks.  I love the food and service.  Family oriented and great atmosphere. Great food. Great price. It looks a bit sketch but it is worth the food. The workers seemed friendly.  There was a guy selling DVDs at the door which was a bit nerve racking however the food was great.  so I did not experience the inside of business but even if they hang from the rafters at least the food is OUTSTANDING!  NEXT!" I love this restaurant...there is nothing that I haven't tried that I did not enjoy. Which is really hard for a restaurant to maintain when they have a large menu. Everything always taste fresh. Love it!!  a co-worker recommended this place....and I am VERY glad he did. I called in my order and went to pick it up  near down home cooking that would leave you with a burp and a smile  but the home cooked soul food has clearly corners cut and that impacted that slow cooked taste that soul food usually renders."  broccoli and cheese casserole and collard greens. And of course I want more of that fried chicken!" I have to eat here again!" "One of my fav places to go for chicken  we'll be back - traffic or no traffic!" 1st time there. Ordered 3 wing dinner with black eyes peas cabbage & slaw. They gave me 4 wings because the wings were tiny. The peas & slaw were good. I did not like the cabbage. Cashier was nice & friendly. I went at lunch time. Taste like home cooking. Has a large menu. Good if u do not want to cook yourself. Has true soul food. Maybe next time l try the smothered pork chops or neckbones & rice.  the list goes on and on. The only thing I don't like about Chicken Box is honestly how hard it is to decide what you want to eat because everything is so delicious and mouthwatering!  Whenever we ask my son where he wants to go Great food! The chicken and sides are great. The Tryon location is run down but the food is super. Try the broccoli cheese casserole and pound cakes. YbqNbrnOEk2T0qIBbTivuQ  that stank up my whole car.  . Cake dry boring I dont believe it was home made.  . Umimpressed and disappointed Chicken ALWAYS done right! Fish! Outstanding! The green beans and cabbage are fabulous just like the cornbread! I've had them cater two events and the food is perfect every time! I love the food at The Chicken Box! Oh and when you cater an event the smoked BBQ chicken is amazing!!!  their fried chicken is SOOOOO GOOD. The prices are good for the quality of the food and there is always a server there going around to all the tables Does anyone know where the old managers went?  I need more of there home cooking.  This new chicken box cafe is terrible."  it wasn't very good. The fried chicken wasn't crispy or seasoned like before. They were out of Mac and Cheese!!! Where I used to come in and place my order and go One more thing I forgot..THE CHICKEN BREAST tasted like it was dropped into a bowl of SALT I think they have pretty great fish sandwiches also I like their Turkey dinner. The cakes are kind of dry in my opinion.  Cole slaw very wet. Waited 15 minutes for rice and gravy and got a refund. young guys working in the kitchen don't know how to cook or season canned foods. we use to love this place not anymore will not be back."  VERY excessive breading to make small pieces seem bigger.  luckily  and it does this well.  You can also find some interesting items in their huge ""country store"" "It had been quite a while since we ate at a Cracker Barrel. We stopped there when shopping at East Towne Mall. I ordered the pot roast and my husband ordered chicken and dumplilngs. Yuck! It had more salt than you'd find in food at McDonalds. The meat in the pot roast tasted processed. The dumplings were slimy. The vegetables were so salty  she simply shrugged it off. When my friend also complained that his berry dessert was only half of what it should be (completely deflated and only half the bowl) The only thing that saved this place was the chocolate bar i purchased in the store area. That shit was good." I reserve 4 and 5 stars for upscale and gourmet restaurants but is give the CB a solid 3 stars." I am always happy with their bottomless coffee and affordable prices. Our waitress was friendly and efficient. When my husband found a hair in his food she promptly took it away Good food at a very reasonable price."   but it's never been good.  Last time I ordered french toast.  Got 4 slices of soggy french toast. The egg wasn't even cooked on it! Potatoes and grits were very bland. But I love the golf tee game!" I was bringing my family to Cracker Barrow today a group of 6 but after hearing they fired a 73 year old Vet for handing out a Corn muffin I changed my mind...... I hope others feel the same way...... I won't be going back. No matter how stranded and hungry we are." I paid $8 for four pieces of french toast with cinnamon apples QF14BFUVHRODxGNVflgm3A  usually later in the evenings. Service is usually slow and the wait staff seems to be inconvenienced when you show up during their closing hour and more concerned about leaving work than giving proper service. *News flash wait staff* better service=bigger tip. Keep coming for the consistent food. (Which is ok at best) better service in the mornings as long as you beat the rush "Had the Tuesday special of meatloaf and mashed potatoes. It was great! Super fast and kind service. Loved it Was totally embarrassed because we told our friends what a great place this was.  Not going back."  but it's comfort food in large portions at a very reasonable price. The service was great and everything ordered was correct . This location has always been consistent!" I don't know what others are complaining about I went down to Cracker Barrel for dinner over the weekend. The service out there was pretty good. Didnt have to wait for long. It is near the East Towne Mall. The food was decent too. There werent a lot of people so the place was generally quiet. For dessert I had the baked apple dumplin. I have to admit that is the very best I have ever eaten. If I do go back to a Cracker Barrel it will be for the dessert. "Ive been here a couple of times and ive never been disappointed. The service is always pretty quick Oh Seaboat... your delicious fried fish sandwiches and fried okra are more than worth braving some of the most ghetto areas of Champaign in the dead of night...  they should redo the market location.  I'm just jealous that this came around long after I left the area."  the fries tasted just as much like fish as the fish itself. Their okra was good  but only because everything is cooked from scratch...and the wait is WELL worth it. Phone ahead I have been there twice and both times I have not been that impressed.  I will say the okra is really good and so were the green beans.  But the fried chicken was not that good.  It was really dry.  The fish isn't anything special either.  Sometimes I like to eat just sides and all though they have good sides they are rather expensive for no more than you get.   When I walked in it was not a welcoming atmosphere.  They acted like I was bothering them and I felt rushed to order.  Maybe it's because I am not a regular.  I don't think I will give this place a third chance.  the service is unpredictable and you may be in for a long wait.  The best strategy is to call ahead.  I always call ahead.  The staff are very friendly and they have given me a discount and free food when they are running very late  just a few tables but it's very clean and the service is very friendly. You can call ahead for pick up and they have a drive through window for the call-ahead/take-out service. I wouldn't rec. for ""drive-thru"" fast food- everything is cooked to order and you'll have a much longer wait if you're expecting McDonald's speed."  so I call ahead and its ready when I get there. They have picnic tables outside that are nice to sit at in the summer under the trees. Seaboat has really good side orders  delicious with that right hint of spice and a great crust. I'm a crust person and I thought it had good flavor as well. The service was very friendly as well. I want to come back and try the fried chicken!" If we are in town again we might check this place out one more time....hopefully they can get things a bit more organized. This type of service wouldn't fly in Chicago as places like Armitage Shrimp House and Snappy's on Irving Park easily outperform them.  I guess the lack of competition in Champaign producing this level of food really helps keep them in business."  Id be a regular if I lived in the area for sure."  either in a dinner or a sandwich.  Good tartar sauce but not enough given.  Fries are good.  My favorite side is their slaw.  There is pineapple in it and it just hits the spot.  Always have a piece of sweet potato pie for dessert.  I'll have to try some of the other menu offerings.  Service is usually friendly and I don't mind waiting a bit for freshly fried food "Seaboat is a great little restaurant if you're in the mood for good fried fish and soul food.  The location is really nice-easy parking and good views of the park across the street.  It's very clean inside and the service is friendly.  I like the R&B radio station they always have playing softly in the background.  Prices aren't super-cheap but the quality is very good.  I like their Seaboat fish sandwich  but that's not it. We also got an order of catfish nuggets ($5). WOW. Now THOSE were goooood. I usually don't do tartar sauce Small tables in the dining area were covered in sticky none-too-clean plastic tablecloths.  We ordered take-out and went across the street to Hessel Park.  The park is large with lots of picnic tables BUT.  Those substantial caveats aside---once you get that fried chicken you are in heaven.  Their fried chicken is to die for.  Hot  the meal was MEH. Definitely not something I'd ever actually crave for."  both at the Market St. location and the newer Kirby one.  A fish sandwich will take maybe 10-15 minutes  sometimes my order has been screwed up but they're always nice about it. The wait is pretty long  but I really am not so sure anymore that the food is ""worth the wait.""" "Decent fish. Online menu is vague. Mac and cheese is awesome but small portions. Biggest complaint is drive thru window...beyond slow  mediocre quality at best and absurdly long wait The Seaboat sandwich is the best fish sandwich I've ever had. I love the okra and the collard greens.  However their customer service is the worst. I'll just noticed that I could have them deliver to the hotel  I was slightly taken aback by the anti-theft camera which took a still every 30 seconds. OK. That's the price you pay for deliciousness. They've since moved closer to campus on Kirby It was good food but a little too greasy for my taste.  but the service is horrible and I will not go back here again. I placed our order for take out and sat down and wait. I waited for over one hour and the cashier totally forgot to call out our number . The food was just sitting on the counter. After watching other people who came in after us getting their food "The catfish is FIRE! One of the owner seasons all the meat. It is well done and worth the wait. If you've never had a Seaboat catfish sandwich with some of their amazing fried Okra  the savory taste will make up for it.  I also like Seaboat because there are many non-pork options.  For cost The Seaboat Sandwich with cheese is absolutely the very best fish I have ever had.  Orders take a little while so it's best to call ahead. Delicious food!  Well worth the wait. I love this place! Tastes like my grandma's cooking. A little pricey but the quality of food is really good. Takes about 20 minutes for food to get done but it's real food so of course it has to cook. If I could give 0 stars I would  it was 50 minutes. For three meals. Are they catching the fish?! Then they tell me that I'm having to wait because they had to fill a catering order. Well don't I feel special."  I called and redirected him again. About 15 minutes after that I see a car driving slowly around the neighborhood so I called and asked if it was him. He off-handedly apologized for the wait but my food had already started getting cold and I was annoyed that he hadn't used an app/GPS to assist him. I feel that as a delivery person  so definitely be ready to wait. It looks like you can call ahead too." "I would not even give this place one star but I have to be able to post this. Supposedly open till 9:00  as a restaurant your goal is to make the customer happy.  You DID NOT do this in this situation and I will not be returning to this restaurant." very good seaboat sandwich. Not very fast but the food is fresh and tasty. Easy to park. Interesting little place. Gotta try it at least once. I love their coleslaw.  which isn't that bad if you're in the restaurant to pick up your order. My advice is to not get your food delivered because that can take a *very* long time resulting in cold or soggy food."  but your wait may be longer than stated." So sad but the Seaboat has sailed away.  The Seaboat is now permanently closed.  This Champaign landmark was in business for 20 years.  It will be missed.  Good bye Seaboat 