 the meal satisfies.  I think they could let their hair down a little more by putting some riskier things on the menu.  Good selection of wines and beers Radio Maria has great and unique food! I went on a date here and absolutely loved it! Every dish is most likely something you would never think of creating but it will be soo good!  The selection of wines is excellent as well! "Nice restaurant in downtown Champaign.  Has a really nice atmosphere.  Good selection of wines.  I really wanted to like this place but in the end  I could never afford a real dinner experience here on my student budget.)"  walnuts=better than average.  then shared a few tapas with my friend.  we had the pita triangles with hummus and the tuna salad sandwich.  the portions were acurately small.  flavor was good but again AB5RgQ0ZnMThdqgFS3cPuw  but they are overpriced considering how little you get and that I could probably grill salmon and put it on a stick myself. The exception would have been if the little dishes displayed exceptional artistry UPDATE: Went to the tapas-bar portion of RM the other night and was really pleased with the dishes.  A few traditional tapas but mostly inventive twists using spanish ingredients  renovating a decrepit downtown location to expose the brick walls and original tin ceilings was a new idea. They kickstarted a great trend. Downtown Champaign wouldn't be what it is today without Radio Maria. I remember going to that space to pick out wallpaper with my mom and dad back in the 80's. Radio Maria is a vast improvement."  while the other is more casual and laid back. We sat across a huge purple bar. The menu was much different than I remembered.  Instead of entrees like half chickens with grilled plantains My bloody mary was top notch; I'll have to do some serious research to figure out whether it surpasses guido's for best bloody mary down town."  spend a few more dollars and get an exceptional meal   and some good servers.  Then things starting going south as more and more better-quality eating places opened downtown and elsewhere.  I feel they often try too hard with their entrees...too many conflicting influences and tastes.  I am all for fusion cuisine done well  which is a pretty good deal considering the quality of the food. The service has also always been good.  4-1/2 stars."  Radio Maria is not to be missed."  but it is an excellent addition to this fusion style restaurant. My favorites were the egg plant frittes and the seared scallops. Hopefully it won't be another 3 years until I am back!" Whether you're looking for a place to loosen your tie and grab a drink after work  but I AM willing to try their brunch and/or tapas  fashionable chefs always deliver. Expect to spend $60-$80 on food for 3 courses for 2 people in the restaurant  they have awesome sangria and great sunday brunch.  The fig appetizers on their dinner menu are fantastic The restaurant itself is still lovely. I just wish they'd shape up their staff so it wasn't so depressing to interact with them." Will prolly go back and hope that it's a little better. I really did like the atmosphere I would likely go back for the brunch  and lack character (a good example is the bar across from RM).  I make a point of going any time i pass through town and find myself craving Radio food when I'm away for too long."  but I wasn't in the mood for it.  I don't know if I would recommend this place.  Maybe once just to go...  but I think once is enough."  and it was delicious.  not very unique but good eats.  i came for dinner the same night and enjoyed the pan seared peppercorn crusted tuna which again was not a unique dish by any means but solidly executed.  i recently went back for the tapas - their piquillos rellenos were flavorful and the portobello entree was perfect.  what i admire about the food here is that they aren't scared of flavor  with their goat cheese boursin stuff in lots of things.  Another reason going there is their great bar that has a beer selection which will please anyone who is as geeky about american craft beer as I am :-)"  but their Valentine's Day Dinner left a very bad taste in my mouth and it wasn't the food.  Radio Maria is my favorite restaurant in Champaign.  The food is top-notch and the atmosphere is one of a kind.  But my wife and I had their Valentine's day menu this past weekend.  The food was great  not amazing but definitely among the better culinary experiences available in the Urbana-Champaign area.  One caveat is that the portions are rather small." if you want differential treatment AB5RgQ0ZnMThdqgFS3cPuw This could only be mistaken for sophistication by people who have never been anywhere sophisticated.  Stay away!"  we just don't have the variety (and therefore competition) to create a large foody restaurant culture. I also think they need to stop being so negative. I've had a lovely meal and experience every time I've been to RM; I believe you get out of a place what you put into it (as long as it's moderately good I will certainly try out lunch here at some point.  In the meantime My only complaint is that the service was painfully slow.  There seemed to be one server for the entire place.  We sat there forever just waiting to order our food.  Not the type of place to go to if you are in the rush Our lovely brunch was reasonably priced as well.  I treated my two friends (yeah The best part about Radio Maria is at night; not content with being just a cultured restaurant  but in hindsight it's the too cool for school attitude of the waitstaff that stands out in my mind  but my friends say they have one of the best-stocked bars in town and the weeknight bartender is excellent." Will we go back?  Well....no." The sangria here is awful. I think it was a tequila sunrise. The food is greasy and not in a good way. The only thing good was the goat cheese. But it is goat cheese. How can you mess that up?  this is one of the best ""date places"" in Champaign.  The food is amazing and priced very well.  The bar is a blast and the staff is very friendly."  but for now I'm giving 2 stars (4 for the restaurant + 1 for tapas)/2 = 2 when rounding down)." "I am straight up in LOVE with the fried goat cheese balls at radio maria. i was super excited to go and enjoy some of the deliciousness that is the food  so that may be why I can't give them a decent description. The cheesecake was delicious. I drank orange frescas Good atmosphere but the food is overpriced and midiocre.  I had a collection of appetizers at the bar that were not large enough portions.  We were ignored by the bartender for quite a long time as well; and the place was almost empty. Highly recommend the pita chips and hummus. The chips were thick I'm always pleased with the specials.  The service is attentive without being overbearing.  I would recommend RM for couples wanting a nice dinner out." We'll definitely be going back and try some other things.  Radio Maria's has a pretty extensive breakfast and lunch menu."  but it is not as consistent as it was a few years back."  beer and food without the snobby attitude usually associated with such quality." "My meal here was phenomenal. I got the Masa Boat Surprise. My wife got the fish tacos. The masa boat was nothing short of amazing. It looks beautiful before you start eating Quick tip to first-time diners: Free parking is kitty-corner to the restaurant in a third-party lot. Spaces numbered 1 through 30 are reserved for this restaurant's patrons."  I hoped the tonic wasn't as flat and flavorless as the last time. It was. I ordered a Bell's HopSlam the next moment I saw the waitress  don't loose heart - it is way better than some chain restaurant - it doesn't suck.  I can see that a lot of people are eating there  dcor-wise--it's the kind of place you walk into and expect to be treated with a bit of a condescending attitude by the staff. But thankfully this was not the case! We made our way to the bar where we were greeted by a friendly barman who presented us with a very nice cocktail list while we waited for a table. I chose the Dark and Stormy I didn't think Champaign had cool restaurants with awesome food...was I ever wrong!" The parking lot attendant was rude. Couldn't wait in my car to wait for my friend to arrive. Made me not want to go into the restaurant  it's a great spot to go on a date. Everything I've had there was suuuuper delicious. I also love their specials and they seem to have new ones all the time."  this is a great way to learn about beer and get drunked. 3) Their kitchen stays open all night. 'nuff said. 4) Radio is one of the very best places to sit outside on a nice summer night. Get a table at dusk "Nothing at this restaurant warrants the cost. The tapas servings are tiny (for tapas); brunch is inventive but disappoints. The staff always act like you're wasting their time. This place sells an image of Euro-trendiness  there was a good amount of duck on the pizza but the whole time I was craving more brie!!  They could have seriously doubled the amount of brie on the pizza and it still might not have been enough If you are trying to go there for good drinks this is an OK place to go to but the food was horrible. The tapas ceviche was $10 which came with 4 shrimp and was topped with popcorn (I have no idea why). If they were trying to go for fun and innovative food this place completely missed the mark. The potatoes and chorizo came in an extremely small portions and where bland. Not to mention the paella which was $25 and the rice was not well cooked. This place takes small portions to a new level. Overall I left that place with $80 less and still hungry. Not worth the money and the food was a complete disappointment. The only reason this place is getting two stars is because of their drinks." They clearly know a thing or two about food in the way they pair ingredients most of the time but sometimes it's a miss. To some degree  and the portions were small. I feel like that summarizes this restaurant adequately. Better places out there. ESPECIALLY for mexican food." Always a good place to go with friends/family from out of town for it's vegetarian friendly menu. Overall it was an amazing dinner. Go to Radio Maria and order their dinner specials. You will not be disappointed."  I don't see how they can continue this based on anything but location and alcohol.  Pity to see an old favorite fall this far."  and The Virginia theatre. VERY highly recommended!"  but the potatoes were AMAZING!  They were crispy and had a delicious flavor because they were hickory smoked.  They also came with a delicate drizzle of the most delicious sauce  4 stars. Take your date here. He/she will thank you."  it started out wrong.  The employee seating us went to get us a table and was sidetracked by another employee at the entrance to the dining room and let us wait for at least 7 min. while he carried on an obvious flirtation/personal conversation with the other employee.  He finally looked away and saw us standing at the front door and that reminded him that we were still waiting.  I'm a relatively patient person but I was considering walking out at eating next door at Bacaro at that point - not because the wait was so long  the entrees were good enough to warrant a return trip.  Hopefully on my next trip to Chambana the kitchen will be less burdened and I'll be able to enjoy my meal at a slightly less leisurely pace."  and the only poor experience I had there is when our server brought me a splash of Tempranillo to be passed off as the glass of wine I ordered.  This was a one time fluke Service was a little slow but great food and an interesting atmosphere.  but worth the money. I think that it is a great place to relax and spend some time with some great food."  and angels singing to you as wish that the chef could accompany you along the path of life." "A grad school fav... This place has stood the test of time  I was one of six sitting at the bar. Two bartenders and 1-2 servers were working and it still took them 20 minutes to take my order. With the downtown Champaign scene evolving  it was a Saturday night.  The server was personable and ready to provide recommendations though.  The place itself is beautiful and modern Huge wine list. Great service.  Brunch menu is fantastic.  Love the Masa boat and the Mexican Cofee! The service was good.  I would suggest going here for brunch.  Dinner is also good I had the brunch and enjoyed it thoroughly. My friend took his gf here and said he blew 30 bucks each on a small portioned steak dinner and sides. Moral of the story: Come here for Brunch and not dinner. I have tried Radio Maria on visits to CU. The kitchen is inconsistent to the point you flip a coin and gamble I guess. Lunch on one trip was nothing short of inedible. Dinner one night was nice but over priced.  but other than that I try to steer clear of RM and either go to Carmons for food or Quality to drink. The food seems uninspired and the quality of ingredients is average. I do like the decor of the bar. What happened to this place?"  especially because we saw these beakers mounted to the wall in the bar area Forgot to mention  the interior design of this place was very attractive and comfortable"  and fast. I had the Smoked Pork Torta and it was fantastic. The only minor complaint is that the mojito was too sweet and overpriced for the size. Would like to go back again." "Unique place.  You won't find anything like it.  Has a full resturant and a apas bar.  Great food  or myself believe the reason that this place gets any business is because their bar service on the patio after dark." Had brunch there on Sunday with 8 people.  1 vegetarian and 1 very picky eater.  We loved it.  Everything was spectacular.  Only downfall - not enough of the potatoes which were incredible!  Had the smoked trout omelette which was soooo good.  and not at all a traditional paella. Perhaps they were trying to be creative  this food is nowhere near ""normal bar food"".  The sea scallops and the seared tuna will make you crave more.  The bartender can accomodate any request  a good meal.  We have eaten here twice  we will be stopping back next time we are able to come through Champaign!"  just right for me. Their seafood is nice and fresh and the chocolate molten is a good finish for the meal.  I like the vibe in the restaurant and the outdoor seating is a plus to the the restaurant" Restaurant seems to run pretty smoothly...service was decent as well."  love the atmosphere.  Ate off the Tapas Menu....Food was the best!!! The Scallops melted in your mouth! Wine was great...service was great!  Can't wait to go back!" AB5RgQ0ZnMThdqgFS3cPuw I am having a hard time deciding between giving Radio Maria two and three stars.  Ultimately I decided on three stars because the service is decent.  The food is nothing to write home about.  We had a couple of appetizers that took a long time to bring to our table.  Our server was pleasant but seemed bored and/or distracted.  I don't plan on going back any time soon.  There are several other places downtown that are much better (i.e. Big Grove and Bacarro).  Not a bad place but not great either. "Great vegetarian options and large beer selection! Highly recommend! Heard there was salsa dancing in the evening on Saturdays as well The food was good but each dish was made for two people rather than four. As we were finishing our plates  as were the beignets. The tart was made of corn bread and I don't know that I've ever had a more dried out piece of corn bread in my life. It totally overshadowed the crab. The beignets were huge Our overall rating of the restaurant is 2-star."  my friend asked her about the gelatos of the day and she did not know what they were. My friend decided to order them anyway. The dessert took 20 minutes to come out and when the waitress brought it I feel like Radio can't decide what it is. A fancy drink bar? A tapas bar? A haute cuisine restaurant? It does all those things fairly well This is definitely a place to check out downtown.  An interesting mix of different bar and restaurant concepts.  Good beer So grab a group of friends and head over to Radio Maria soon; the availability of food at all hours makes it a great place to start or end a night downtown!"  it is unlikely I would go back to Radio Maria or even recommend it to other people.  I will be here for several more months while I study for the bar and even though I always thought of this place as one of the nicer restaurants in town  and efficient wait staff. The food is always amazing and the drinks are delicious. Brunch is especially delectable." Seems like the only Spanish restaurant in C-U area? Foods are good. But the price is a little bit high since it locates at downtown Champaign.  and my friend got the lobster omelet. The beer bread and potatoes that come with the omelet were so good! We also tried the mexican coffee. It doesn't taste that good with the food. It tastes better on its own. It's something you won't regret trying. It's sweet and has a strong cinnamon flavor. Service was pretty slow Definetely one of the best places downtown. Unlike that filthy cowboy monkey." Enjoy the brunch here on Sundays but that is usually the only time we eat here. The Lloyds omelet is great and you can sub grits or a biscuit for beer bread if you ask. Good draft beer selection.  50/50 good bad. This was my second visit and I definitely trust Radio Maria for a night out dining."  even for a vegetarian like myself. I can't get enough of this place. I will say that the service was nothing to rave about - but it wasn't horrible. It also can be difficult to get a reservation/table on many nights - but that's a testament to how great it is." I believe they got a new chef semi recently... Didn't think much of this place a few years ago but now think it's one of the best spots for a good dinner in c-u  can get really pricy for the portion sizes. This is what tapas is about I suppose The service was incredibly slow. It took at least an hour to get our food. Biggest complaint of the night  I felt others were very overpriced ($13 for basically four bites of salmon)." By far our favorite spot we've eaten at so far in Champaign. Our server was a little strange - definitely new to the job - but the food was excellent and the service was completely reasonable. Very large beer selection as well. Highly recommend - we'll be back!! -Would definitely return! Especially for date night  unique food. Awesome atmosphere. The hummus is fantastic 9wgA-ExyfuqA_r_pDrcONg  a little pricey but worth it for a nice dinner out"  not excellent. Prices seem high for the quantity and quality you get. The bar and wait staff could all really use a lesson on wine - I believe I overheard 4 staff persons who could not respond on their own to questions about wine. Fun atmosphere and decor."  as were the mango mimosas! Would absolutely go back" "One of the best restaurants in town. Eggplant Frites-yum! Great date spot. You can choose from the casual ""lounge"" area or they have a more formal dining room for seating! Service can be ""meh"" at times but the bartenders are always on point. They'll mix up anything for you I can't think of anything I didn't like at Radio Maria and would strongly recommend it!" "Brunch was delicious!  I enjoyed the scrambler - all components were cooked perfectly.  Loved the beer bread.  Others in the party recommended the omelets as well.  Generous portions Order the coffee rubbed filet - you will not be disappointed. I have had it 3 times in the past 5 years and it continues to be outstanding. 3 of our 4 diners ordered it - all had spotless plates.  and pork tacos. They also have charcuterie and cheese plate type tapas dishes that work very well as starters. The wine and beer selections are also substantially larger than the average restaurant. Anyone visiting Champaign or locals that have never been to Radio Maria should definitely give it a shot." We really enjoy this place.  Service is great.  The Sunday bartender makes the best bloody Mary's and the food is not bad as well.  We have tried several different things on the Sunday breakfast menu and have not been disappointed.  We usually sit at the bar so we see all the servers.  All are very nice and friendly.  Things appear to move quickly and efficiently from the kitchen  but the decor is great and service has generally been strong."  Radio Maria is definitely on my go-to list." Addicting Brunch. MANY veggie options "First time here...and I've heard great things about this place. First impressions were pretty good....the ambiance was good and the restaurant had a good amount of people. We started off ordering a tapas as our appetizer...the apple salad. It was very disappointing. The apples were not cut to order and were not crisp even though it was stored in a container of lemon juice. The bacon was not reheated...I mean who likes cold bacon? For pur entrees we ordered the scallops and duck meatloaf. The scallops were good however I personally didnt appreciate the jam that went with it...could have done with a spicy savory sauce. The duck was unknowingly served with the same exact jam. It was a tad too sweet for our tastes  the atmosphere was okay. The food was awful.  Everything contained way too much garlic. You could smell and taste the garlic in everything. I think it's an okay place to grab drinks and sit outside on a nice evening -My omelette was far too salty."  and was decorated with interesting Hispanic things that created an unique atmosphere that made it ideal for 1 on 1 dining. Definitely would return to this place next time I am in town." I ordered huevos rancheros with chorizo which is something I thought was hard to mess up. After the wait I was expecting greatness but this restaurant did not deliver. Eggs were over salted and the presentation was not appealing. Don't think I'll be back again." Overall... meh. I could overlook the service issues if the food were truly crave-worthy  I don't think you'll be disappointed here. Solid 4/5" We went there for dinner and heard that the tapas plates weren't worth the money so we went with full sized entrees. Every dish was delicious and the flavors are surprisingly good for being in a small town. They have an array of holiday drinks that weren't bad. Pricey for being on a college student budget but delicious nonetheless  the rice still comes back partially done. We ended up canceling the order. This is unbelievable. It seems that they cannot manage to get the rice cooked and the chef failed to solve the problem! We were very disappointed at the paella and will definitely not come back to the restaurant again!" "This place is pretty awesome in downtown Champaign.  I had the torta maria out of sheer curiosity for what sweet potatoes  but they were good. Brunch was awesome though. Small menu but so delicious. In summer you can sit outside and it is something I will definitely repeat." "Love their sides!!! Corn bread..cinnamon cake..fried banana...French toast!!! We almost ordered all the sides!!!! I love the cream cheese on the cinnamon cake!! God!!!it was fabulous!!!! And for the drinks..Turkish coffee tastes just like unmelted sugared Americano.....lol...My cousin and I shared salmon omelette  the adventurous one and biscuits and gravy for my boyfriend. The Flaming Frida is delicious. Don't waste your time on the bloody mary bar. They never have any garnishes that are worth the money - no meats and cheeses here. Thats my main complaint  but I enjoy their brunch. It is likely the best brunch in Champaign-Urbana. The french toast is a huge serving and delicious. The omelettes are nice as well. To avoid a long wait on the weekends  tapas and entrees represented...all were excellent.  Seems like this is a never miss option for a great time in a cool atmosphere with tasty food and drinks!"  goat cheese. This place was out of this world with the creativeness of the appetizers. I'd definitely go back there and continue to explore their menu. The drinks were very good and from what I can remember there's more I need to explore on that front also!"  one bizarre thing that I can't get past - their cheese plates. Who puts feta on a cheese plate? There are lots of good cheeses around this area  but they fixed them immediately & were very nice. Very pricey For dessert we got the bread pudding.  It was a solid if unexciting example of the form. The cherries were quite nice One complaint is that the menu is rarely updated. The last time we went they added an acorn squash risotto to the appetizer list and it was fabulous but new items are super rare." I had a great experience. The food and drinks were great. The ambience was great. The waitress was very attentive to the party. Very eclectic and interesting food and drink choices. Especially the Tapas. Tapas Bar! Sat at the bar with a friend and the bar tender was AWESOME! He was so nice and let us try a bunch of wines until we liked one. The ambiance was great because it was dark with cool lighting. It was open late which worked because it's a quiet town. Highly recommend this place! "" but your meal will be ten times as good. Getting there at 10:30 on a weekend morning and sitting outside off North Walnut Street is a pleasure unique to Champaign "Radio Maria is typically open at 4 on Sunday's. I made my graduation dinner for 4:00 A MONTH AGO and am just being told four days before my graduation that their kitchen won't even be opening until 5... Therefore leaving a bunch of reservations at a complete loss. For a restaurant they exhibit AWFUL hospitality given that they are typically open at a specific time each Sunday. When asked why they didn't call sooner they mentioned that they just ""didn't realize."" This is humorous given that they double booked reservations two years ago on graduation weekend and bumped probably even more people. They clearly need to get their management/ organization in check. They have completely put a hopeful customer at a loss  in a moderately busy bar for a whiskey soda (don't judge us for loving whiskey. It's always 5pm on Sunday Funday). No biggie though. My steak and poached eggs were not hot when delivered to my table. No biggie though. But when one of my girlfriends ordered a salad with slide of shrimp and was brought 2 shrimp ... like what?? (Look at the picture!) In what restaurant world is this ok? $3 for 2 shrimp? They should have brought her 3 oz of shrimp (an actual serving) for whatever the cost. But 2 shrimp? Don't be petty. That's so petty The food seems extremely simple for their prices. I have eaten brunch and dinner here and the food is really not that amazing.   The drinks are always good and I never go downtown without having a little white lie!  or stopped by at 1 am drunk as a night-cap.  It's a very versatile place that can appeal to a variety of tastes.  Definitely the most unique place in town  quick. We were in before dinner norm hours.  Small portion on garlic shrimp  "I had a boss who was obsessed with this place.  They have good hummus and I like the fried plantains.  Otherwise "Best unique and fancy restaurant I've been to in downtown champaign. Service was excellent. Interior decor was vintage/very dark (the more difficult it is to see your food  I would recommend the pesto omelette!! If you go there at night you've got to try a beer that you have never had. Love the selection and proves are reasonable." I really need to try their tapas and meats. I have a feeling I'm gonna bump this up to four stars when I do that!" "" but I was not quite as impressed. Got the vegetarian paella and fried chickpeas. Neither were as flavorful as I would have expected. The chickpeas were dry and bland and I normally love chickpeas! Would get the paella again  so I would make this the place to go when you want to treat yourself."  I'd say Radio Maria has a lovely atmosphere and great food. Even if it is crowded and the service is slow  I make it a point to swing by Radio Maria. Really great food and some great options if you're a vegetarian." "Food and atmosphere was excellent. Wife and I went with another couple and the food was great Not my first time here and not a best either." What a gem! This is our new fav spot when we come to town. Thanks to all for wonderful food and service! s2XtSlslD9c-e59_IVC0tA The food was good. The Migas were crispy because of the cooked in tortilla strips.  It was a good amount of food and very tasty.  I would definitely be willing to try Radio Maria again if I was in the area.  Hopefully the slow service was just a fluke (I got the feeling the waiter was new as he couldn't tell us anything about their waffles as he hadn't seen them yet...)."  a drink and a dessert. The check arrived and I felt disheartened by the total which was 70$+ for two still very hungry people with the worst part being that I rarely complain about the smallness of food portions P.S. I've heard from a number of sources that their weekend brunch is both delicious and slightly more affordable than their regular weekday selections. If/when I verify this I'll make sure to update my review."  was a little lacking.  The servers were not all that attentive to our needs and our drinks were never refilled through the meal.  This place is a local favorite and definitely somewhere to visit."  patient and polite. I had the lobster omelette and my daughter had the lobster eggs Benedict. I would only suggest that they increase the lobster to other meats ratio in their omelettes. The greatest discovery was their Mexican coffee which reminded me of a blend I drank before in my home country of Guatemala. Thanks Radio Maria Prices: Pretty expensive for the amount of food you're getting"  and the food is great. All of it. Brunch especially--I got the pulled pork sandwich with sauted kale "Had brunch here and was recommended lobster eggs benedict. Their Hollander sauce was pretty good but the dish wasn't anything exceptional and the portion was really small. For a $13 brunch dish "I came here for brunch on a Sunday morning. The wait wasn't too bad for two people close to noon. There are tons of delicious sounding options on their breakfast menu  but the food is delicious. Such a fun place to have tapas. The paella is a MUST."  always have always will speaking of Will really disappointed to know he no longer works there def a huge loss he was a great server. Glad to know Doug and Steph are still there. They make great drinks and are great for business. Food is good I like the changing menu. Can't go wrong with the fried goat cheese!"  though! They also have great wine specials and the tapas is worth the price. Radio is definitely one of my favorite regular places."  this is the closest thing to a Spanish or Latin American style tapas-and-wine experience. The tapas are great The tapas menu is really good... and the ambience is really good. Choose a different drink or a different place if you're in the market for Bloody Mary." Overall the service is alright and the ambience is really adaptable - I've come here for team dinners  decent service. Took us a while to get our food but when it came it was excellent. Portions are great and very filling. I had the breakfast burrito and it was massive; it was like a shoe horn for my intestines. I've been on the toilet since I got home and I feel great. Great atmosphere too! Would definitely recommend this place."   and especially this place.  I felt like I was back home in Chicago and not a college town.  This restaurant was just add good as the better places at home.  The dishes were original and delicious with fresh ingredients and flavor.  This will be a restaurant i will visit next time I'm here." I went for brunch and got the migas dish. It was very flavorful. I really liked the table and overall interior decorations- very old-timey and vintage. I would definitely come again! AB5RgQ0ZnMThdqgFS3cPuw A gem in Champaign! If you love Spanish cuisine then give this place a try! My favorite restaurant to date! Just got up and walked out on Mother's Day. Thanks Radio."  the hostess still hasn't seated us. Her attitude was despicable and she insisted that reservation only means that you get priority over walk-ins and NOT a seat of your reserved time. Does she not know what the word reservation mean??? The point of making a reservation is getting a table at the reserved time!" The food was amazing we had Pork Tacos !!  So delish!  I had the ""Sea Glass"" Pinot which is new for me but so smooth and pleasing.  There was a guy in the corner which started putting on some enticing music!  Our Bartender was on top of it!!  I just can't recommend this place more highly!!  Check it out!!"  but subject to inconsistent execution. Some of the menu dishes are downright bad by any standard. A vanilla cream sauce doesn't complement goat cheese 