 meatballs) to eat in or take out.  Stuffed Banana Peppers are out of the world.  Sausage is not greasy with natural casings.  You may have seen Ernie Ricci on Cooking with Chris Fennimore on Qed.  Many restaurants in Pittsburgh use Ricci's sausage.  Some days you can watch them make the sausage thru a window." I recommend you find this gem and get your Italian Fix on (or order some of their meats   products and cook it yourself) :)" 9tAbTDdYTASHL7EU1e-OWw  this whole foods is actually one of the most successful ones. the location is strange  but I'd rather go to the farmer's market or drive a bit further out of the city to go somewhere real to buy my ""whole food"".  And at least I put my cart back." b) Pittsburgh's lack of urban planning... because it makes sooooo much sense to put an entering & exiting driveway 25 feet away from a three-way intersection on a two lane street. Beautiful." Of course I prefer Trader Joe's for their peanut butter(bec. it has no salt) and Ezekiel's bread. And I do end up buying their coffee  you name it... it's all good.  Bread is from a local.  Cakes are fresh  apparently.  Half the city was assembling salads during my last visit.  Vegan items are clearly marked as such I guess the benefit of Whole Foods  is that you can find a lot under one roof and don't have to spend a lot of time and gas going to different stores.  I'm not slamming Whole Foods at all  and the staff is friendly.  But I still try to avoid Whole Foods as much as possible simply because of the insane parking lot."  you'll avoid the headache and park on one of the many adjacent side streets." wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ Now it's just more expensive."  but so is the Market District's."  the Whole Foods in Las Vegas must be at least three times the size. Still Other notes: The tofu chicken is really good (part of the salad bar)! It's not always available though. Also The only thing I don't like is that parking is a bitch at times." The whole store gets crazy busy on and around holidays."  trader Joe's and Market district come to mind as a cheaper alternative. Parking at this particular store is a nightmare." Ha ha just looked over my review. It sounds bad but I have to give props for my vitamin selection craze!"  but its a start! I don't get here as often as I like since I'm in the South Hills. However meh.  go to market district where they keep it real.  real classy!!!"  a lot of the organic items can now be found at many Giant Eagles for much less expense." It is an oasis for someone like me." If you see a woman and child dressed like Rambo and Baby Rambo running through WF screaming and wielding gallons of milk - it's me trying to survive another trip to WHOLE PAYCHECK HELL!"  you can always park farther away and not have to deal with the mess. It's good for health! The produce is fresh and for regular grocery you have a wide variety of healthy choices. The cherry on top is that the staff is always friendly  but like - so what?  Park in the back and walk a few extra feet.  It's not a big deal."  it's not like I have another choice when it comes to the Whole Foods of PIttsburgh." My feelings can best be summed up with this....http:  www.youtube.com watch?v=2UFc1pr2yUU"  i am shopping @ wholefoods NOT walgreens. translation: whole foods developers were TOO CHEAP to buy the proper amount of real estate. dont even bother coming here fri-sun unless you like a clusterF*** lot full of zombies. this is the 5th WF i have shopped @ (4 in florida) wholefoods should have opened in the south hills. the demographics out there would support it. this wholefoods is BUSH LEAGUE!" wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ  this is a good place to try something different. I admit it's hard not to get something extra  and almost as overcrowded as its parking lot.  Two-thirds of the time they are out of what I came for.  I'm sorry I love Whole Foods.  It's the reason we chose to move to ShadySide."  and if you call ahead they will set aside awesome moving boxes for you."  thank you! I prefer employees with edges that are a little rough to ones with pants so tight  the amount of fresh prepared foods that can be gathered is awesome.  They have specials for the day that will help you buy some of the fresh and prepared foods they provide.  I cannot wait to come by again when I know I am going straight home after so I can buy some refrigerated items!"  or just go to Trader Joe's Giant Eagle for a better parking shopping experience."  this place is always packed.  Be prepared to be bumping into people and feel a little claustrophobic.  The parking lot can be quite tricky as well  but I think we must have just gotten a lot of food because $7.99 lb is fair. Plus it is hard to get lunch for any less than that these days without eating fast food."  and the only reason you don't shop there is because people will feed you into thinking you'll spend your ""whole paycheck"" there.  What crap.  Write a list  and their cut fruit section was like I had died and gone to heaven.  But that's about the only two sections I probably would have been willing to open up my wallet." Now with two new bee hives along the rail line as of July 2012 managed by burgh bees of Pittsburgh  this Whole Foods is pretty good."  no attitudes. Even the other shoppers are kind. It's always nice. Thanks to everyone for making Whole Foods a nice shopping experience." It's off my list now. Forever."  I would give it 5 stars. The layout is good and staff is always helpful."  we will continue to come here to stock our home when we plan to entertain at home."  like vegans (me) and gluten free adherents. The house baked bread here might be worse than GE (tough contest) - often under baked and thus soggy in middle and crusts tend to fall off; making gluten free-dom seem appealing. And I don't even need to talk about customer demographics Anyway we'll keep going at least for meats and produce." My favorite part of the store is there hot foods and salad bar. They make all their dishes in the store and sell them for $8.49lb. The hot dishes are amazingly good. The last time i went i had green beans with red peppers  the prepared foods are plentiful and tasty. I like the baked goods also. Another nice feature is you can eat right there I would avoid going here in the afternoon on weekends though...too crowded." wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ  the sandwich was delicious! The coleslaw was also awesome! Yay! I am so happy I stopped by when I did." Their meats and seafoods departments are also excellent. They have a great variety and are always helpful in answering any questions that I've had (although we still opt for our meats from DJ's). Of course  as well as local offerings such as La Prima. Try the La Prima Peruvian blend or the Allegro Malawi blend. Amazing."  I buy specialty items but wouldn't purchase all my groceries from here. I can't yet afford that luxury!" Check out can be a hassle if it's really busy but the cashiers are nice and check out pretty quickly. A recent development at this store is the person waiting outside to help you to your car. I don't need help so it's a little weird but I'm sure people with kids love it."  I was happy to head back out and fight the congestion in the parking lot." wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ  so make sure you request that.  I love the produce and the prepared foods.  I just wish they would give us a break on the prices."  they've even begun to carry Brad's Raw Pizza Kale Chips for dogs. So my dog is satisfied  I only stop in here on very special occasions when I 1. can withstand the rage I feel when I pull into this parking lot; and 2. I want to either eat at the buffet or buy a very specific item. I would definitely recommend that others stop in sometime to get some food at the buffet. The quality of everything is pretty incredible (though of course it's typically really expensive)." P.S. Their selection of natural body and haircare is great and affordable. If you have sensitive skin or don't want your products tested on animals  the Pittsburgh store does live up to my expectations established from the DMV stores. You will rarely find a bad apple (no pun intended) On a more positive note. The employees. They have always been so great to me. Always greet me with a smile  the time I spent in the dessert was a wet oasis compared to the chicken. I just feel that for the price I paid it was not worth it. I have been to a smaller whole foods with a better hot bar and to the one in New York City and remember it being great. I only give this one 3 stars because the Mac n cheese and vegan tofu loaf was rather good. But I must repeat myself about the price. For what I got it's way to much. It's hard to justify paying that much when I could make it for 1 5th the price at home. Now I know I don't have to cook or clean and that's the point of eating out but I could also go to trader joes get a few frozen meals and eat for over a day for the price of one hot bar meal from whole foods." It's almost always crazy busy in here.  I believe I'd come more often if the shopping experience was calmer.  But because of the insanity of the parking lot and the hectic shopping (people everywhere bumping into each other)  that takes place inside  the chicken fiesta soup is nooooot good. Bland with a capital B! In general the soups are hit or miss Whole Foods seems more expensive than Aldi but less expensive than Giant Eagle."  you can pick up some of their sides from their deli section. I haven't had a bad experience with their food and you can always give everything a taste before having the clerk put it in a container.  This is certainly the place to get specialty items like hemp seeds  unless you go down to the Strip. But hands down my favorite thing about going here are the employees. If you read anything about the corporate structure or culture of Whole Foods you'll understand why everyone seems so happy to be working. I have never had a request met with anything less than a smile Great place to eat and shop. Never a dull moment. This place change the face of east Liberty for the better. I was still shop here for all my needs. Love you WFM!! wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ  but overall it's a great store and you just have to know that not everything is organic (always read your labels) and that the parking lot will always be a nightmare.  Overall this is a great Whole Foods just avoid shopping here just before any major holiday because it's always madness!"  I've purchased flowers twice and each time they were dead by day three.  Both times I allowed the molten flowers to remain on the counter an extra day to serve as a reminder why I'm not WF material." I found a bone in a package of in-store made turkey burgers (the tequila lime ones if it matters). Not cool.  and a nice area of prepared food if you want to take something to go or eat there. It's a clean store and the employees are nice. I find it's easy to navigate. It's definitely a good place if you're trying to find items for a recipe you don't usually make (like me...boursin garlic herb cheese? I found it here). It's vegan and vegetarian friendly..both of which I am not  always so congested and busy and filled with entitled customers. I was checked into a magazine rack once when a guy tried to beat me to a check-out lane. Some of the fresh stuff is nice Lines at the registers can be long but seem to move fast. People complain so much about how crazy busy this place is "I found out the caterpillar in the romaine bag. Eww it climbed up on my arm. Goosebumps :( BUT at least it can be the proof of ""organic"" besides the bug was green!!!! So healthy !"  I am really disappointed with this location. The deli (pre-made salad bar hot bar) selection is limited and the food is subpar. The parking lot is teeny tiny. If I had a choice  and the aisles are wide enough.  This Whole Foods is a big step up from the gross Market District down the street  and it was awesome!  I went back to thank and compliment the chef. He seemed grateful. Then I got a few groceries I needed and left. Thanks to cool chef  customer service was awesome and they refunded my frozen turkey. I amend to 3*... thanks customer service!"  seated tables at the front...and no room to actually shop.  Either someone's in your way or you're in their way.  The parking lot  this is a real live and learn never again Prices tend to be high and store can be very crowded.  This is a store specializing in higher quality foods and serves a niche." "This location has the nicest staff I have ever experienced when dealing with a Whole Foods. When a product was out they made suggestions and then explained what were key differences and key similarities from the one they were suggesting to the one I usually get. When my iPhone died they were nice enough to find a charger to fit my phone and when they couldn't find one "I stopped here for some quick supplies after arriving to Pittsburgh from out of state.  I was able to quickly find what I needed and leave in a timely manner which is what I was looking for.  On my way out I was talking to a very friendly cashier and bagger as I was looking for something to eat while I was in town.  They were quick to recommend a place down the road.  Thank you for being so friendly and helpful to this ""Out of towner."""  but because they are incredibly low. Probably the nickname was created by people that had formerly just shopped at affordable-o supermarkets. I enjoy the well-stocked salad bar and dining area Looking forward to the Grand Opening at South Hills!!  Scheduled opening towards end of 2016." Benefit of Sunday shopping? Free OSP closer than parking garage. Lots of people  Whole Foods is an investment in your own body and health!" The service is also friendly and helpful.  If I could adjust anything it would be the hours - they close at 5:00 each day and are not open on Sundays.  Thus  support your local meat shop and stop by Tom Friday's Market.  You'll be glad you treated yourself."  and the workers will remember your name.  Its just like being in a small town.  Fresh meat and friendly people.  The meat is the best I have found in the city and is affordable too.  The best steaks I have ever eaten have been purchased from there and cooked in my own kitchen!  They are also very knowledgeable.  They can answer any question you have about what cut of meat to choose or how to cook something.  They're also more than happy to share tried and true recipes what can i say that EVERYONE in the area doesn't already know??  i've been going there over 30 years...the staff are always friendly..their deli meats and cheeses are good quality and well below chain store prices...and the specials are always a fabulous value!  i have never been in the store when its not busy busy busy...that just shows how much people love this store!  but worth the drive for others.  Support your local meat shop!" obAdXU3RULuUOww759_h_w This small little butcher market is perfect for grabbing something quick for dinner. Great selection of next and cold cuts. Everyone there is extremely nice too. Very personal! The only downside is done things are a little overpriced but I'll pay it when in a bind. great people and fair prices! What more could you as for? They quality of the meats sold are unparalleled!  It's wonderful to still be able to have the meat cut to your specifications for whatever meal you're about to prepare. The quality really does not reflect the price. I've paid a whole lot more for inferior meat. Please support this business "I think this is the best butcher shop in Pittsburgh. It has been around since I was born. The owner is always behind the counter cutting meats to your liking. They have already made meatloaf that you just have to throw in the oven that are amazing. Small selection of fruits and vegetables. It also has a small selection of other foods. If you take Giant Eagle and scale it down to 2 aisles of food. Although you go here for the meats. Great prices Jimmy (the guy with the cigar permanently ensconced in his mouth) also makes fabulous pepperoni rolls and sandwiches.  We like to eat lunch here as a break during our grocery shopping.  During the warmer seasons  and it's a pretty grungy-looking place."  specialty Italian stores are ridiculously overpriced. Not this store. Reasonable The pepperoni bread is an absolute must.  I was disappointed that there was no jalapeno bread left  need I say more.  The Italian bread is so yummy and makes great bruschetta.  They bake their bread fresh daily and do not include any preservative so eat it quick!" "Maybe it's nostalgia for the cigar but I thought he looked ridiculous. He bragged about a $4 pepperoni roll. There's a reason it cost that  as are the bakery items. The sfogliatelle is spot on." imzKM9-mgN1Yk_RIXx3IgA  but name some in the strip that aren't?  They have $5.00 lunch specials and Jimmy was always very nice and the huge stogies in his mouth just took me back.  Funny.. Highly recommend."  you are in fact an excellent and carney-esque salesman but you need not do much.  The aroma emanating from the bread itself on a busy street is enough.  Goodness is the smell of freshly baked bread amazing.  And this place has a few standard options and some excellent ""different"" options.  The cheesey jalapeno bread was incredibly delicious.  However The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be back here again in the future.  Everything that I have ever ordered here has been good and it is always fun to talk with Jimmy!" I hit this place every time I'm in Pittsburgh.  Everyone hears about Primanti's (which is good  and no hots or flavor. Bread better suited for pigeons than people. I can find better Italian sandwiches back home in Baltimore. We'll feed these to our dogs when we get home.  You get what you pay for. Avoid this tourist trap!"  go to: http:  www.yelp.com biz primanti-brothers-pittsburgh?hrid=k97SGRvnhBMrHzqofs1WNg)" I highly recommend stopping hear anytime you are in the mood for good italian food." Yes bread is fresh! they are made fresh everyday! Breads have very short shelf life max 3-4 days if stored in room temperatures...an hour or two before the shop is closed they tend to sell all their breads half price or buy one get one free...Sunseri Jimmy & Nino go for natural ingredients some bakeries add artificial flavors  the stuffed pizzelle's are very good and my wife thinks they have the best cannoli's in Pittsburgh.  Stop in & talk to Jimmy and ask him about Stella the parrot.  This place is a 'must-see' every time we're in the strip."  I also got the atomic pepperoni roll which was incredible! Super fresh and flavorful dough. It has a peppery spread with the pepperoni on the inside. The bread became a little wet on the bottom imzKM9-mgN1Yk_RIXx3IgA  including sourdough and cheesy jalepeno. They're all tasty and reasonably priced I use this place for my personal and business needs . Great location and huge selection of candy and tabacco . Buy in bulk or individual items. The employees are genuine and have that no bs attitude that I love . "I come here specifically for boxes of Now and Laters to recall my childhood. They have a great selection of candy and have some rare old school production candy .... Candy Cigarettes any one? A lot of people seem to come here for their cigarettes. I think they also have hard to find brands of smokes. If you have a need for for big packages of candy  a sign on the front said that it was closed permanently."  calories don't count) because they are located across from Lotus market and next door to McDonald's.  After Candy Warehouse closed I had to try to find places that sold the real Swedish Fish (not the stuff that has a higher paraffin   wax content) and Delfa Rolls.  They had both plus almost every other candy you could want including Whatchamacallit Your tastebuds will love you for it." "I am so glad this place exists!  When I need a special gift or something to cheer up a discerning  but the woman insists that there is a restaurant named Geno's near by.  She finally says cheese stake and food network and I realize she is thinking of Geno's in Philadelphia.  It was pretty funny.  I told her she had the wrong city but that we had something better  or if you need to distract your mom before you tell her that you're gay straight planning on becoming a Buddhist monk whatever.  Or Minus one star because the price seemed excessive despite the quality. As a certified chocoholic I was a little bit overwhelmed to have all the finest chocolates of the world in front of me. But then I noticed a cadbury crunchie- my favorite candy from a semester abroad in London that I have found difficult to find in the US. I was SO happy! I highly recommend the gelato. I got the dark chocolate and it was as good as gelato from Italy. The chocolate flavor was so deep and intense!  and lots more. It's fun just to browse around and know all these choices exist."  and a few gifts to take home to my aunt we settled the bill and bid Amy good luck with the tech support.  A fantastic store with a selection rivaled by few I'd place Mon Aimee on the ""must visit"" list for the Strip." My only caveat would be that for items you can find in the grocery store  one of my coworkers had been over to Holland and tried a type of candy that became one of her favorites.  Of course we had to go back to Mon Aimee to see if they carried it and sure enough  there's nothing better than a cup of spiced dark drinking chocolate as I look through the multiple bean to bar chocolatiers and truffles.  I went here to get chocolates for valentines day as well; the store clerk Nice gellato.  Good Chocolates. Expensive.  Grim staff." Definitely for the chocolate fan - especially if you like dark chocolate Even the pedagogical Oompa Loompas loosened up and danced every now and again." "This was the first gourmet chocolate shop I went into and I spent a lot of time here debating what to buy - considering the chocolate melting during the bus ride  and some very good quality items.  Everything I have purchased here has been delicious.  I go here if I am buying chocolate as a gift and need the very best."  and I've always found the service to be good and the selection to be fantastic.  It's not just a chocolate shop - it's a sweet shop that focuses on chocolate.  They have a variety of imported sweets I'm knocking one star off because the paths in the store are narrow making it hard for people with mobility issues to manuver.  Completely worth the stop if you are in the area."  helpful and kind. I often stop in here for a little treat or blast from the past. I grew up in England and love that I can buy chocolates that I loved as a child. If you need a recommendation or a gift  the amount of stars I could give is infinite. Great location in the Strip (BUT WHY SO FAR AWAY FROM ME ALL THE TIME)  there is chocolate offered from around the world.  Next time..."  in my opinion. And I am a native New Yorker visiting Pittsburgh and was shocked by the prices of everything. I understand that they get things shipped from far away  I'll be a customer for life. (Cadbury Flake doesn't count!)"  you'll find a wide selection of international chocolates  considering they carry my favorite chocolate in the whole world It's a great addition to a popular corner in Pittsburgh's Strip District. The back of the store on a Saturday morning has some of the best spicy Mexican hot chocolate that you can find probably in the city and then some. Then there is the rest of the store with all types of chocolate bars that you probably won't find anywhere else. How about a chocolate and bacon bar? How about a bar that is chocolate and lavender? Need some cool chocolate rabbits for Easter?  Oh Best assortment of chocolate I have ever seen!  The hot chocolate bar is a dream come true - I love this place! I think it's a great place to stop in if you have a choco hankering  and the staff never seems to be in a friendly mood. While I GUESS they're doing their customers a favor by procuring such a vast variety of chocolate  Jan 7th I am calling them but no answer to their phones to see if they are open"  check it out.  We didn't buy anything but it was fun to shop and look around.  Some reviews already talk about the price...I guess they have to charge more than the average price of a Hershey product to pay the rent  three different salespeople asked if we were finding everything okay - possibly because I kept taking pictures to Instagram and I didn't realize until after I left that there's a sign asking patrons not to take pictures. Ooops!  But no one said anything and they were polite "Wow- it's been a long time since I stopped into a sweets store with this much diversity. A friend wanted to spend a couple of minutes in here The service is most often rude. Owners just are not welcoming" A Chocolate Paradise - Everyone Will Find Something They Love !" Chocolate here that I've never seen before.  Expensive!  I am used to high prices for great chocolate - but hey- I think you gotta sell a lot of candybars to make a living..."  and we enjoyed both the taste and the look of the scoop."  leave immediately and go to Mercurio's on Walnut St. in Shadyside.   There you'll find better gelato Don't forget to try out their little gelato stand while you're there."  one of which was milk chocolate.  They were so salty that the chocolate flavor did not come through.  I have to assume that the chocolate with  name brand wrappers are better than the ones they make in house."  try the biscotti place across the street to the right - they buy their hot cocoa from Mon Aimee and it tends to last longer!!" I'd be willing to come back to try the gelato when the weather warms up (I'll update this review if I do).  I strongly suspect I'd have a similar reaction to the one I did for the hot chocolate and chocolate bar I stopped by Mon Aimee because they carry a chocolate hazelnut wafer (hanuta) that myself and a few friends enjoy. I decided to take a quick snap chat video of their other varieties to show some out of towners what they were missing out on. As soon as I opened the app a woman (very rudely) stopped me and insisted I put my phone away or leave. I understand they don't want any one to copy their style. However that is not what Pittsburgh is about. There is no room for 'snobs' like that in our city. This is just my experience. I have heard others say they were not very friendly which is very unfortunate because Pittsburgh is so welcoming. Grandpa Joe's and Sinful Sweets are great alternatives.  much better candy shops around the city." "Rude!  Especially if you have a kid with you they don't even want you in their store! I went here a few months ago to get my little one a treat. I must say their attitudes suck big time! Thats putting it nicely there's other ways I could describe them but it wouldn't be appropriate posting it on the Internet. They follow you around and every item you look at they jump at you like you're going to run off with out paying. NEWS FLASH IF I DIDN'T HAVE MONEY I WOULDN'T BE IN THE STORE! Any way I couldn't figure out what their problem was. Could be the possibility they don't like kids  she will pull back a bit.  But I would NEVER spend my hard earned money in this shop after a few interactions with her.  The help They have relativity cheap candy too if you just want some last minute stocking stuffers.  I asked a clerk for advice on what to get for my daughter who loves milk chocolate. I ended up getting her some white chocolate covered pretzels and a milk chocolate bar from Columbia. I'm sure she will like it. Since I was stuffed from lunch I decided not to indulge any further for now but I know this is one place I will most certainly return to when the occasion warrants it." Best chocolate store!!! Big selection of dark chocolate from all over the world. Some pricey but so worth the splurge. They are located in the Strip District of Pittsburgh. The web site is great too-- www.monaimeechocolat.com" A trip here can be a little pricey as some of the chocolate can range from $7-13!!!"  so I get snacks from here a lot when she's in town.  The one caution I have (besides the yogurt) is that they sell an inferior brand of canned tomatoes here  albeit nothing as compared to Penn Mac.  It's definitely cheaper than Penn Mac though "Great place. I prefer the cheese here over Penn Mac any day! Plus  even though it was minor for me was the the staff did not seem overly friendly or helpful." Good selection of products (lots of fresh cheeses  but skipped it because it was so expensive.  Fast forward to Stamoolis Bros where I find packets of seasoning for just a couple bucks.  In fact "I stop here every time I am in the Strip.  Authentic Greek grocery.  Do not pass up their stuffed grape leaves or the freshly made Babaganous & hummus.  They have great cheeses and a variety of dried lentils and spices.  You will find something delicious here Stamoolis Bros is certainly worth a stop when shopping int the strip considering their prices and selection." "My FAVORITE place in the strip district! Amish butter cheese is amazing! GREAT prices on Blue Cheese.I have never been disappointed with any purchase made here. We love the pre sliced gyro meat  some items have been on the shelf too long. We discovered when we got home that two expensive cheeses were spoiled (no bree is not slimy & stinky nor is mozzarella.) We wasted $12 on spoiled food. Buyer beware. We are from out of town and cant return them. :( staff seemed distant and got the impression they did not want to be bothered. Stoic and unsmiling older guy was behind the counter. Hum  go to: http:  www.yelp.com review_share F9IJ3EddoyW89O0DFikPTQ review D5UPfn_UbOm4iqfWgSRygw?fsid=X4Q_wJ-wTj91tUUZ_DA3Eg)"  I stop in Stamoolis and pick up different cheeses.  They sell pasta and pastries as well and I think though they are a small store  you'll find lots to love and try for the first time." Their olive bar is awesome. They also have cheese and dip samples. I really like their feta humus. "Cheeeeseee!!! get the French feta  so I gave them another chance. I also purchased hummus and baba ganush to serve at a party. When i got them home I noticed that the baba was watery and didn't look normal. I tasted it (and so did a friend) and could not serve it to guests. I then opened the hummus and was surprised that it also did not taste very good. I served it anyways and it was left uneaten by the crowd. I also was surprised that some of the olives I purchased were dried out. I wonder... what is happening to one of my favorite stores? I will say that their spinach pies were still tasty as was the cheese and balsamic vinegar I purchased. I hope to report that this was just a momentary lapse in the coming months." LOVE this store. We stop in every Saturday when we do our grocery shopping in the Strip. Great cheese and olive selection as well as high quality affordable cold cuts and grains. Check out the Variety of oils and vinegar. Get all that you need to make gyros at home. Guess you get it. This is one of my main go tos. Try them out. another awesome place on the strip...if you are having trouble finding an authentic Italian market or store around Pittsburgh...look no further! this place is the real deal... owned by actual Italians...I am tired of the American stores that think they sell authentic food goods from Italy..this place has it all...everything is fresh and wide verity of produce...you can basically sample anything they have to offer... all you need to do is just politely ask ;)"  I purchased cheese this weekend that was moldy. I noticed that several cheeses looked like they were trimmed of their mold by the way they were cut....so I looked closely but when I got home and opened it I noticed that the cheese had a couple cracks and that there was green mold inside... And it tasted old. This was not blue cheese!" I can't believe that I just went in today for the 1st time.  I am a regular shopper in the Strip! I am so sorry that I did not venture in sooner! Great people who were so helpful and the products are quality! Love your store and my husband loved the meats and cheeses I brought home to pair with his wine! See you soon!  Everyone who shops at Penn Mac should give this great store a try! Always have the Greek foods I am looking for! The staff is very very helpful. The last time I was here the owners daughter physically walked around with us and helped us find what we were looking for. Unbelievable customer service. Huge selection! Such a big selection of Greek foods. Always stop in for fresh feta and olives. I love that they always leave samples out so you can try and discover new things!  but they have so much more.  Their deli is just as amazing with the best Prosciutto di Parma you can buy.  And If you can't find the olive oil or other Italian ingredients you need here then the only place you are going to find them is back in Italy."  sauces and authentic seasoning spices for you use and delight. Definitely a great place to go for specific ingredient shopping." you can't find a place like this easily niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w  should definitely check out ""the Strip"" for shopping and snacks." Favorite items include: Calabrese Olives  Jimmy & Nino has a bigger olive oil selection."  etc... makes me want to buy and play. They also had the biggest bottles of olive oil I'd ever seen... so "Ehh... it's not all that.  Watch the dried bulk stuff - it's old and stale.  I found little bugs crawling around the seeds and nuts in my little bags.  Had to throw all that away!  Bought the store's speciality sausages - bland and tasted of spoiled meat.  Cold cuts were good though pricey.  Also the cashier will over-charge if you buy many of bulk items  which can be very difficult to find.  Although it wasn't home-made."  and I can get in and out of the other Italian or Greek wholesalers in the time it takes me just to get past the front room of Penn Mac.  Unless I need a specific cheese that I know I'll have a hard time finding elsewhere  they're more than willing to make your day brighter.  Great selection of random Italian dry goods.  Worth a trip  the employees might not ask you if you need help but they are more than willing to do so when asked."  pepperoni slices and shredded cheese all next together if you want to bake your own pizzas. when they're not busy go to the deli and find the perfect compliment to whatever wine you've been needing an excuse to drink. the people that work there are the nicest folk that clearly love their jobs. most of them love that i don't know the first thing about anything italian because it gives them a chance to share what it is they specialize in. goods are cheap  the Macaroni Company is a little slice of Italy mixed with Pittsburgherness and fun." The frozen pierogis that I bought here were last night's dinner and tasted fantastic.  Their baked good section is mostly bare by 2pm on Sunday  Penn Mac!  You have an amazing variety I'll keep coming here for fresh meats and cheeses as long as I live in Pittsburgh."  and what can I say about the cheese and deli counter that hasn't already been said? Their imported parmesan is reasonably priced as such things go and it's the only place I've ever found cheese that's actually as good as what I had in Italy. Even when it's super crowded I plan on heading back every other week to get a new pairing of meats and cheeses and hopefully one day my palate will be super sophisticated  but good quality.  The cheese deli area...holy sh*t.  I was in Europe this summer and their selection rivals some Parisian cheese shops.  Prices are unbelievably low Service is helpful and knowledgeable.  Prices are fair for a specialty shop." don't come here hungry!"  tell here that Mark in Alabama told you to call...She'll remember your name the next time you call too!"  I have come to miss Penn Mac. If you ever go looking for cheese this is mecca. There is a huge selection and the service is excellent- they know their cheese and can guide you to some great picks. My favorite Saturday morning shopping trips in the strip involved coming to this phenomenal store."  but ask for a sample of any cheese before you buy it.  I just bought my second pound of ""past due"" blue in a year.  (Two pounds out of probably 6-7 that I've bought in the past year.  And yes  and a very authentic feel....really niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w They have everything! I especially love the cheese selection and bulk olives. The Penn Mac sauces are delectable and a quick fix on those lazy days when you don't feel like making your own I have always felt that the people behind the cheese counter were very knowledgeable. Anytime I was cooking a particular type of food or looking for a cheese that would go good with........I had only to ask. This past time I saw one of the regular employees and informed him that we were making mexican food for friends and I was looking for a cheese that would make a good queso.....but I was unable to finish. As soon as I said the work ""mexican"" he glared at me and told me that although I may think he looks mexican - he wasn't.  He then left me standing at the counter while he went to get a drink of water. Maybe he was having a bad day - but he didn't improve mine any.  I bought my cheese down the street. Not sure I will go back even if you're not going to buy anything it's worth a walk through to enjoy the sights and smells." "They sell Kinder Bueno bars. If you have ever been to Italy  and dry goods.  There is a pilgrimage by locals on Christmas Eve to pick up cheese and meats so you have to get there early or wait in line.  However If you're in Pittsburgh and ever cook Italian food  the place is always clean and well stocked.  Any pasta shape you can think of can be found here dried and most you can find anywhere else can be found here fresh.  The fresh cheeses look great as do the olives There is real pride in this stuff and the staff is eager to guide you to just the cracker that will fit the cheese.  An amazing place in the strip District."  sorta cheddary cheese that's chock full of chives! Basically  but I really can't speak for those. Its just not why you go there. I'd recommend getting some fresh mozzarella [15 Minutes of Fame: ""Man v. Food""]"  ""Do NOT touch the actual bread unless you are buying it!!!"" I saw at least 3 people who were squeezing the bread with their dirty hands to see if it was soft. Totally grossed me out. Why would anyone think that is okay?!?! I can understand if you are squeezing the bread through the bag but don't TOUCH it! That is only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. Oh and the fact that it wasn't that clean."  but the great thing about the strip is great produce is only a few doors away. This place does get PACKED on the weekends so I hope you can tolerate crowds."  there is some produce and a few lanes of registers. It was late on a saturday(They were about to close) and there was no line. The place is a treasure and it's definitely worth stopping in It's 5 star worthy!!!!"  the Penn Mac jarred sauces and homemade and imported pastas! The smell of cheese and olives is awesome!"  fancy meats (they have frickin' Iberian jamon...good luck finding that elsewhere) and random Italian things.  I wouldn't say the prices on everything else is as cheap as the cheese counter  and walking past and through the other shops in the Strip is so much fun it shouldn't matter anyway."  and homemade sauce here. So great. I always try to check out in the line with the guy who has a picture of his cat too. My wife and I like to talk about cats with people. : " This is one of the places I take people when they visit me. Some people look at me like I'm crazy for taking them to a grocery stores  an improvised shack amid buckets of olives and spices. Highly questionable hygiene for a food store!Disgusting. I will not go back until they clean up the place. It's just filthy!!!"  especially if you are there on a day when it's not as over crowded.  Some other great things about the store...bulk spices (very reasonably priced)  and most importantly--fresh and delicious. We stacked loaves of bread in the car as well. Seeing all the salted fish (for the upcoming feast of 7 fishes) was beautiful. The most memorable part of the visit  and their selection of hot sauces is one of the best in the city.  I'm giving PennMac four stars instead of five because their gruff service can sometimes be intimidating and off-putting." They ship...I'm thrilled.  This place saved me a trip to italy."  grains and pasta boggle my mind. I tried a habanero soft cheese this weekend that I couldn't help but buy. My eyes were tearing up from the potency of the habanero while my taste buds were throwing a mini dance party. It was creamy pungent cheesy perfection. This is also a great place to pick up 'from scratch' Italian meal essentials. I could really go on about this place. Take a chance and visit one weekend Next time I'm going to add a selection of cheeses to my purchase of cured meat."  Penn Mac is everrything a good deli should be. Wide variety The dinner I made from Penn Mac = 100% awesome!"  but the owner was very rude he was rude to me and i saw him treat a few of the people that work for him with a lack of respect i like the cured meats and cheeses the people in the deli were great and the stock man helped me find what i need pen mac is a nice place to shop except for the owner he is one miserable person he does have a great store "  pasta and cheese when I'm in town. I grew up shopping at Penn Mac regularly so perhaps there's even a bit of nostalgia in it for me. Either way  and quality are all two thumbs up!" "The cheese counter and ""Dear Heart"" really are treasures.  They have all manner of fancy aged gruyeres "We visited this store on after a tour of the Strip District and we loved it! They have hundreds of varieties of cheese and the people behind the counter were very helpful and informative. The history of the district and of this store makes it all the more worthwhile to visit. As an added bonus  you are immediately hit with food smells.  They have everything for your charcuterie and pasta needs.  Cheeses  and spices Pittsburgh. In fact Penn Mac is so solid at these three things I am not sure who is a competitive second. Oh and they have a gigantic selection of pastas (including 15+ varieties of fresh cut pasta) Heaven on Earth for any Italian... I've found it  cheeses and meats. Try the Antipasto salad at the Olive bar. It's the best!" "LOVE this place!!  They have everything authentic Italian you could want without being in Italy!  Got some Gouda  it isn't pretty like you would see at one of those ""yuppified"" gourmet markets (won't name and names) but I have been coming here since early childhood and it has scarcely changed.  In fact the same boxes of aromatic salt cod remain at the entrance welcoming customers for well over 30 years!  I am always fearful that places like these are in danger of going away mainly due to corporations coming in and driving them out.  However Check it out and check out the other reviews for more info!"  and she gave mea  with a Smart A--s. answer. that was not the first time. i have a idea  or anything for Italian cooking.  This is also the only place we can find our favorite spicy anchovies!  If you want the full experience I love it here :)  I love all the employees and the owners also!  I miss Penn Mac now that I live in Hawaii but I will visit every time I am in Pittsburgh! niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w  along with a ton of other specialty Italian products.  I have spent YEARS trying to figure out how to make pizza dough with mediocre results.  That was time wasted!  You can get the best pizza dough at Penn Mac for $1.50.  Yes.  6 quarters.  That's it."  and HUGE.  I made so many things with the loaf I bought and almost ran out of ideas. I cannot even remember what else I bought here because I was enamored by that bread." Penn Mac is definitely a spot we can all be proud of in Pittsburgh and we're so lucky to have it!" An incredible Italian market. This place is as good as some of the markets that I shop at in New York. Be sure to look in every nook and cranny so that you do not miss anything. "Penn Mac is one of my absolute favorite shops in the Strip District. They have such a great selection of cheeses "This place seems like an Italians dream. This place has the freshest mozzarella cheese I have ever had. It is still in the water bath when you buy it. They also have fresh homemade pasta that is also to die for. They have so many cool things that nobody else carries it is just neat to walk around and check out. They have every kind of olive you could ever think of I just love to visit this store. As you enter the store you can feel the Italian vibe. We purchased the best olive I have ever had. I discovered fresh mozzarella yum! I just made the homemade pasta for dinner. The black pepper linguine was so good. I need to go back for more real soon. It is a great place to find wonderful gifts for all occasions.  etc.  We came here once during our visit and had a blast just looking around.  Didn't even buy anything.  Whether you are a local or a tourist like we were Their shipping operation is also exceptional." "This is Italian heaven.  It has everything the Italian Pittsburgher could want.  I've since moved away from Pittsburgh but recently was sent some Penn Mac merchandise and it was a dream!  They package everything so well and ship it quickly!  I couldn't have asked for a better and tastier gift.  The store is perfection niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w "Penn Mac is such a fun Italian Market.  Their cheese station is fantastic with hundreds of different types of cheese to choose from.  The employees are so knowledgeable and helpful!  Another highlight is the olive bar.  Huge buckets of so many different types of olives to choose from.  They come stuffed with different cheeses Easy to Get Around and Well Laid Out." This place is a must that I look forward to enjoying for a long (Personal wish: a real Italian butcher shop in Pittsburgh. Though the new generation of butchers around here are starting to get pretty good.)" "This place is gigantic.   A great grocery store to find some quirky authentic Italian items.   They have tons of olive oils  a third of the price of going to the supermarket. Also try the fresh saffron pasta - will change your life!" I've never been in the store. I've ordered things online. I live in Northern VA. I'm originally from Wheeling WV so used to go to the Burgh a lot for Steelers Pirates games but never found this place until a few years ago. The food they have is very good.  The shipping costs they charge is the issue. I can order some of the same items from other stores farther away and they only charge you a $5 handling fee. I can get Caputo 00 flour from the Plum Market in Wisconsin for $2.67 per 2.2 lb package plus $5 handling fee no shipping cost. I wish they would discount their shipping. If they did that then I would order from them again. I love to come here when I go to pittsburgh! The cheese counter here is huge! The cheese line can be very crowded though. Also they have pierogi's from pierogi's plus which I like alot. The deli options here are good as well and there's a lot of pasta options. Nothing better then the strip district in Pittsburgh. It's every Italians dream. The PMC is the best has a little bit of everything. Fresh bread great pasta and Olive for days. I love it here and the smell is terrific :)  go to: http:  www.yelp.com review_share EnJS6OeeknzOjVUX6RYwlQ review 8hA8rRHss2PRlroWujzT_Q?fsid=D3ZAe8-bG1Zz-raxtTTr8Q)"  might be one of my favorite places ever! PMC has been around forever and there's a good reason why...they have an incredible collection of imported meats and cheese and other Italian specialty items. Going here is an experience This place is always packed.  I like the cheese area but I never know what to get and so I've never bought cheese here.  But they have fresh pasta you can buy in the front of the house  I'm always stunned by how much I didn't spend! Since it's wholesale  they close at 4:30 and I asked her if it was to late to get pasta. She rolled her eyes at me and said uh yeah-we are putting it away right now. A simple yes or no would have been nice. I said ok thanks anyway. Then she must have reconsidered and said well did you want something??? In a very rude voice. Needless to say I walked away. Wow! Pennsylvania Macaroni Company needs to work on customer service. Obviously she hates her job  Groceria Italiana and Donatelli's are my go-tos when it comes to picking up authentic Italian ingredients.  However Their fresh pasta is delicious. They also have a nice selection of pasta sauces and fresh cheese. They also have so many fresh dips I want to buy.  there's really no substitute for Penn-Mac. It's hard to beat their price on 'Tipo 00' flour. They also have decent quality discount produce and an excellent cheese selection. The crowds can get unruly here niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w  you'll drive in and bring coolers so you can go to Penn Mac for the mother of all Italian food shopping sprees.  Mangia!" You might forget all about the macaroni part when the scent of cheese hits you. This is a Strip District dream. What Saturdays were made for. Definitely coming back on our next visit."  so don't let the crowds turn you off.  Go inside and enjoy!"  it seems like the previous review was read by management. Keep improving the cleanness of the place because the groceries you sell are good otherwise."  not crackers (IMO) but olives! They have buckets and buckets of bulk olives you can choose from-stuffed olives and plain. They have a bread section with Breadworks items and several vats of olive oil so you can buy a large amount. There is a small section stocked with fresh produce in the back near the registers. They have a whole section  a few laps and then just fork over 5 bucks to park on Smallman." We had a bunch of sangria's last night. Amazing. Our server was excellent. Was visiting my son for three weeks and went there at least 6 times. Wish they were in south Florida." This was my first visit to Penn Mac and I was blown away by the selection. They have everything from cheese to fresh pasta to produce to kitchen equipment. Noteworthy items include the mozzerella di bufala and the fire-roasted tomatoes.  fresh breads and produce to choose from also! And of course everything is at a great price :)"  and they take credit cards!  A win in my book." Always stop here when in the area!"  cheeses and olives. The staff is so friendly and helpful. Definitely a place to visit when in the Pittsburgh area!" They have complimentary parking in back. Love this place!"  I'm too lazy to wait in the line. There is also pasta for days and a fresh selection of nuts and herbs Everything is fresh and made to order. It is centrally located in the strip district near other stores and eateries." Can't wait to go back. This place will be my new go-to for high quality cured meats  fresh cheese." I would encourage you to go during the week if possible  this place is a must stop for anyone visiting the Strip District!"  European Italians.  The building is over a 100 years old and second generation family still owns it.  Great old pics on the wall and cool stuff to look at!  Being from out of town we bough shelf-stable stuff to go but the cheese and fresh pasta look amazing.  Had we had more time I would of looked around longer.  Prices are great and selection is dizzing.  Even the checkout lady was fun and that Yinzer accent made my shriveled heart swoon...." The sauces sold here are delicious and there's a nice selection of produce.  They also carry a nice variety of nuts  but their customer service is lacking in my opinion. I purchased a single loaf of bread and before I had a chance to say anything the cashier had placed the bag of bread in a large plastic bag. I said ""I don't need a bag Prices our low considering the quality you get. Bring a cooler. Cheese is usually sold by the 1lb."  and selection of everything Italian. Always stop in here when in the Strip. SO delicious!" P.S. Gave one star for the guys but then she killed it and Won't go there again!" Behind the counter is an older guy named John Prestogeorge.  When I asked him for a recommendation  and tried to decide what I wanted. I was helped by an older gentleman who knew more about tea than I'm sure anyone else I'd say if you're  in Pittsburgh and if you like tea or coffee (coffee I can only judge from the long line and great smell!) this is a must visit (or check out their on line shop if you're out of area). Be sure to check the hours because like everything in The Strip And the peanut butter is wonderful  because they're amazingly friendly and more than willing to help with any questions. When people go on and on about ""back in the day Friendly staff member showed us the fresh coffee beans and the massive roasters one morning. Amazing coffee Even when I don't need any coffee or tea I love popping my head into this place to look at the rows upon rows of glass tubs filled with every kind of coffee bean and tea leaf your heart could desire ....and the smell is heavenly. The one time they didn't have the obscure tea I wanted they immediately offered to try to find it and have it in stock for the following week. Everyone here is extremely helpful and I've tasted many a fine teas and coffees thanks to them.  the food and service is exceptional.  Yet another great place to chill and hang out on the Strip."  but to stop anyone from making the trip in hopes of getting excellent flavored coffee in Pittsburgh.  Just order from one of the two sites I listed above." Their wraps and sandwiches are great!  and as many kinds of loose tea as they have coffee blends.  Every time I'm at Prestogeorge stocking up on beans So many reasons to love this little independent wonder." Been coming here to buy whole bean coffee for years.  Excellent prices and perfect roasts.  they have a full coffee bar as well that I'd trust is as awesome as their collection of beans and leaves. Tons of supplies for all your sipping needs are packed into this store as well. If you're a coffee or tea lover My only hang up is that the 16oz drink is the smallest drink size.  I ended up wasting about 1 3rd of my beverage." "We have been customers of Prestogeorge coffee for many years now. We are local caterers and when we prepare the coffee bar for our customers we brew either Honuras or J P blend. We recieve many compliments and want to pass this on to you! I am also from a family run business of 40 years. It is very nice to see you take such pride in your craft. If I had questions needing answered  but the staff is ready and willing to help direct you to a coffee bean that is perfect for your taste.  We've tried many different varieties of the dark blends This place rocks! The coffee selection is out of this world and the coffee itself is wonderful! It is smooth and just terrific!  and they have so many different flavors of loose leaf tea. The employees are always so friendly  the person working the cash register always offers little ones a cookie.  My daughter never  i have seen no equal. The mustached tea guru who works there literally puts together the different teas - and has an intimate knowledge of each." The bottom line for me is that I will be back here again in the future not only for their large selection of loose leaf teas but also for their Americanos.   Make sure that if you want anything from behind the counter to look at their lists as I surely will the next time that I am there.  I also hope that in the future they will have some milk in addition to the half and half but I am not holding my breath." Burger King! and Most likely the Coffee is Better!!" This place is a hidden gem in the strip district. The aroma alone is what drew me in. Let me tell you the list they have for iced latte flavors is ridiculous! I stuck with my favorite simple Caramel iced latte. They transform it to something amazing and delicious. Perfection. I haven't checked out all the other stuff they have to offer but the lattes were the best I've ever had. I did get a brownie there that was a little disappointing and stale. But I don't go there for the brownies.  you can order online and have it shipped to your house. Every time I order it comes to my door the next day. This is such a plus for me since I always wait until the last minute to order coffee when I'm running low. You can order whole beans or have them ground to your specific coffee pot french press. My favorite flavor of coffee is coconut cream. My only complaint is that they don't send you a receipt via email or shipping confirmation. But really  quick staff. I wound up getting their Sumatra beans and loved them." Best coffee in the burgh. The customer service is always great to boot! I used to come here on a daily basis and ALWAYS go when I'm able to get down to the strip. They provide the largest selection of latte flavors and teas. The sandwiches are good and the breakfast choices are also good - the cinnamon buns heated up are the ish. I highly recommend this place!"  but tastes almost like buttery popcorn! It is so unique and exquisite. There are so many coffees and teas to choose from that you could get lost all day just smelling the coffees and choosing which ones you want to take home! You can buy tea pots and infusers here to accompany your new loose leaf teas if you need something new or want to try different ways to drink tea. The prices are absolutely phenomenal. Depending on the tea "I stopped in to get an americano.  It tastes just like a Starbucks americano.  Maybe this is good for Pittsburgh?  I grew up here  but I have loved many varieties that I have bought here. Definitely worth a visit while in the Strip District!" "J.P. Hearty or die. If you need the beans The cost of their coffee and supplies is more than reasonable when compared to national brands available in local grocery stores.  And for coffee roasted on site where you can watch the process P.S. Their baked goods are white girl ""can't even"" good too." Good selection but I could do without the condescending salesperson. I stop in here just to look around every time I'm in the Strip. It's the type of place that my Grandpa would have been going to for the last forty years. It's just got an old school European feel. I like it. Walk in the packed space and look around. Go look at the coffee roaster in the back or ask the tall clown-lookin guy with glasses for a recommendation on some tea. It's not got the class or refined feel of some of the new places but it's absolutely wonderful in its own special way." "Great coffee stop with the drum roasting process visible in the back. Tons of beans to choose from to buy as well. The coffee itself was better than average with a good balance of mocha TASUnYvk_nvTUyKtroCJSA  does not mean you can't enjoy PG.  Visit and buy online at www.prestogeorge.com .  I am not affiliated with them  the staff are always helpful and they have a lot of specialty foods. Prices on coffee espresso tea makers are very reasonable and they have a deli with coffee  and other goodies.  My wife and i picked up a cup of fresh brewed coffee for our stroll around the Strip.  Great cup of coffee and not expensive at all. Friendly and helpful staff.  I highly recommend." I will definitely be back next time I am in the Strip!!" Always worth stopping in."  it's time to start ordering from them again."  white tea...so come and try some; you're guaranteed to find a blend you like if you're a tea drinker like I am! My advice would be to buy a quarter pound of a few of the teas that smell good and I bet you will find one you enjoy. There have only been a select few that I thought were ""just okay"" (and I've tried a lot)  all of which are sourced from various countries around the world. They also offer a very wide-ranging loose leaf tea menu - honestly any type of tea you can imagine they carry. Store is very small so it's best to purchase what you need and get out. You can order coffee or tea on your way out from the baristas wish i could buy everything in the store!!!" "The staff is super friendly every time I'm in this store. I think I've been there almost every month since there's always something there that I'd love to have and it's right down the street.  Whether it's random cooks tools like a 4"" wide vegetable peeler (highly recommended) Beware of these ladies. They just aren't nice." I live close to the store and go in multiple times a week. The staff is ALWAYS friendly and helpful  but the garage around the corner is convenient and is reasonably priced. Gotta love Walnut Street!"  yet browsing here makes me feel like I live below the poverty line. I just really prefer shopping at Williams-Sonoma's competitors of Crate & Barrel and Sur La Table that have a better balance of low  the employees are very nice and helpful. They seem to know the best uses for each gadget as well as some good tips on how to cook and bake certain foods. They also told me that they hold cooking classes occasionally. While I held off on signing up  I found the associates to be very friendly and helpful. Renee in particular helped me put 3 different ideas together. They were all 3 so great It's down by pineville but the fact that they're a little cheaper than other places around Charlotte means it's worth the drive." Great to have a real Japanese market with all the essentials for Japanese cooking.  and of course snacks! What surprised me is the selection of books and a DVD section! There is also a small section for household goods and a nice sized sake and beer section in the back. The staff is friendly the store clerks that work there are way nice and make me feel like i'm in japan again."  variety choice at a reasonable price.  I love their frozen tofu stuffs and frozen fish balls. I put these for my homemade hot pot.  They also have some vegetables and snacks. They are at Westinghouse in Pineville "We went to Hatoya when we stayed in NC for a weekend.  I wish we lived there so I can go there so often.  I enjoyed books "Small selection. Yelp should label this as a small Japanese store. There is not much other Asian food and it's very tiny. They had great things but I was looking for more Chinese things I will be back when I need spring roll or Lumpia wrappers. Staff was friendly & answered my questions. We didn't stay long & see everything because they didn't have several of the items I needed to make Pho." "The staff is super friendly and willing to help at a moments notice. I was greeted with a smile and they allowed me the space I needed to explore. If your looking for authentic products Bingo! So happy I found this place! They had everything I was looking for. I will be a constant customer. From UCC coffee to cuttlefish and cutlery. This is the spot! I know I will be back. I guess I'm just going to have to make a regular run from Greenville every month or so to stock up."  Clif Bars and other power bars and healthy snacks. Reasonably priced Make sure you order your smoothies without their added sugar and you'll save 100+ calories. I haven't tasted it with the Turbinado 00 to step up to a medium.  Prices of other snacks are also a little higher than you might find elsewhere.  This tends to be the going rate  the medium Angel Food is at least $7 bucks but keep the addons low and it wont get too pricey." Service is fast and friendly.  Location is convenient (overstreet mall level of One Wells Fargo)." Between the Smoothie King at the Epicenter 2nd floor & One Wells Fargo Center across from the YMCA. I find these two locations to be much more customer service oriented than others I've visited. When all Smoothie Kings have the same stuff this is why I will go to these two locations. Great service.  They recognize and appreciate repeat business.  Orders are always taken correctly with personalized service.  One of the perks of working uptown! Thank you SK for being so reasonably close this time & I look forward to many more shakes to come & of course the SK app is locked & loaded ." Outdoor seating with great people watching coming on & off the Lynx."  local grocer that has all of your needs in the food department. They also serve up some lunch but I haven't had any so I can't speak to that. If I were to work uptown It's also kind of nice to be able to pick up some fancy-pants groceries while stopping in on a lunch break. I like looking forward to dinner while I'm at work  but i will say the sushi is yummy and normally priced.  the tizerts cakes are so delish i would eat them until i died."  watching the light-rail train go by. If you're not usually uptown much  grab a small bite at the cafe or hot bar and sit indoors or outdoors (and watch the lightrail pass by).  Again  and the cuts.  every one who thinks its more expensive You will be sorely missed! An icon of Charlotte. And at one point the only market in Uptown!  HOPE...""  I guess Hope has trouble hearing?) They were focused on speeding up and slowing down quickly in the parking lot and almost ran into our car." They're open til 10pm on weekends which is nice.  Our movie at Phillips Place Stadium was sold out so we came in to grab a sandwich and easily killed an hour in the cafe area while waiting for the next showing.  On my next visit I'll browse the wine selection.  This is a great date spot with lots of hip young foot traffic.  so you can really stock up on every nice thing you need to fill a pantry or fridge (if you've got the bucks). Great coffees The atmosphere is very chilled and the interior has the feel of being in a winery basement.  I prefer to sit at one of the hightops near the front door or outside While strolling around Phillips Place before or after a movie (and I'm not in the mood for alcohol at the Dean & Deluca wine bar across the street) I like buying bread there and on my way out  but it is such a nice experience to see beautiful food! (But I had to laugh because their stock shelves look like the wire shelves you can buy at Walmart...so the next time I looked in my pantry I said  but I usually like to sit inside. I wish they had D&D Wine Bar in other locations!!"  only one of which was really good.  The rest were bland and totally uninteresting.  Caviar & Bananas in Charleston  & coffee.  The gourmet takeouts are hit or miss." Diane told me that Dean & Deluca had great sushi.  She was right on.  We had an inexpensive bottle of Italian white wine and a small sushi roll.  Great service and beautiful weather.  What more could you ask for on a Sunday afternoon?  but in the meantime happy to have lime shrimp and a little pink can of Sofia for lunch.."  etc while you sip..  great place to go before or after a movie at the cinema located in the same plaza..."  they put out grill cheeses wrapped in paper to serve with a cup of soup.  What a great idea!  They also had some jars of soup for $11 They also have a ton of great drinks like Saranac cream soda  but the choices are so well selected you won't make a mistake if you don't know anything.  The small plates are Really good.  Patio is great for people watching.  The wine flights are perfect for trying out new things! Love going here with girlfriends after a good movie right down the street(walking distance) at Phillips place theater." Would I shop here regularly? If I made so much money that a 50 percent mark up on standard exotics didn't ruffle my feathers "Great place to meet a divorcee and tell her about your job doing ""inside sales"" whatever in the hell that is supposed to mean . . . you are a failure."  I'm a big fan of their wine flights. They are reasonably priced and offer patrons a great trio of vino fun. I've tried a few red flights and their bubbly flight. All were generous pours  tomato basil mozzarella napoleon and the tuna crisp are all excellent.  Nice wine flights and outside seating.  Also the people watching here is excellent "If you're used to the ""right coast"" or ""left coast"" locations of this place  it's worth the splurge every now and then. We all deserve something nice (and tasty) right?" This is one chain that I'm a fan of :)" And probably leave with a bag full of treats."  I can't say I'd purposely drive out to this location if I wasn't meeting a group but if you are in the area Oy! Sensory overload.  Be careful or you might hurt yourself trying not to pass out from all the yummy choices or destroy your budget after you discover this place~ "3.5 rating - Staff was fairly rude.  We were a large party ~20.  Each of us ordered 2 small plates & at least 1 glass if not a bottle of wine.  We were in the corner towards the bar & restrooms.  The staff was a complete nightmare about us putting tables together to accomodate our party & not spread us across the restaurant.  We had called ahead to let them know & they had told us this would not be an issue.  We had 1 server & he acted as if it was an imposition to provide wine recommendations.  His attitude seemed to be just hurry up & make a selection already.  There were 2 other servers there who split the other tables.  The food itself was good.  The sushi rolls were a generous & one roll was enough for 2 people. I would have liked a little more sauce that was used. The rice was very sticky & definitely needed the wine to get it down.  Overall the taste & the combinations were good.  Sampled a bit of small plates from others - hummus was a ok Periodically they have live music and outside seating when the weather is nice outside. This place is a must to visit if you love a variety of wines an energetic feel and good food."  and I think the walnut raisin bread was better when they did it themselves.  Samples are a nice thing.  Atmosphere is good lvF28EWhzb0b2qHVF3_XlQ Great use of space offering a ""just what I need"" time to relax and enjoy your company. It's classy Snooty but way better than other corporate alternatives. The wine room is a great place to have a glass of wine before or after a movie or shopping. The outside patio is pleasant and the service is great. There's always something for everyone at all hours of the day - coffee bar "A little too pricey sandwich-wise Great night time hang out." PS:  I sometimes play the ""guess how much"" game with my friends.  Siracha hot sauce that costs $1.60+ at the Asian market is about $6 at D&D.  Same with a bottle of avocado oil. I've gotten the same brand at Target for about 1 3rd less."  ""Your Challenge Begins NOW"" and I had this overwhelming urge to run into the stores and think up of a signature dish.   Been watching too much Top Chef Chopped Hell's Kitchen Cooking Channel ....." I hope they fix this issue soon!!" I've used them in the past for catering & their presentation is  very professional."  Dean and Deluca went above and beyond in improving my perception of the market.  Way to go!" I will definitely be back...before the summer is over and I WILL get a seat outside and feel very cosmo:)" hODaBUYzv0AbApej_bfZ-w The service was excellent and we had a great time!  This a is great spot to meet up with friends and enjoy the atmosphere."  but it has bit of cinnamon which remind me of christmas) so it and happy day for me!!"  delicious foods.  If I had a few million dollars in the bank Decent coffee - far and away better than other chains. Excellent breakfast and lunch food.  but in practice they're kind of overpriced. I have no qualms about paying for quality Oh and yes their soups are excellent BTW" I came here with a friend after dinner for a glass of wine and to relax since we had missed our movie.  I have to say my 5 stars is solely based on the wine!!  It was probably one of the best if not the best Pinot Noir I've had in a long time... the staff of 1 as it was a Tuesday night was a really nice guy and very attentive.  It has been really mild for winter and was relatively warm so we sat outside.  The 'bartender' made sure to take care of us even out there.  Definitely will go again and try more wines as well as maybe some of their tapas.  It's a great place for an after work wine-down :-)  like me you will love." "Had a networking meeting here and it is a great atmosphere!  Loved it Dean and Deluca I like you but I just can't afford you. However the quality of the items here is fairly high and there are always yummy samples around the store so it's worth a stop most of the time. My philosophy for shopping here is going to be eat $5 worth of samples before you buy the $10 product that should be priced at $5. Please don't judge me." For the price and quality of it's products I'd probably look somewhere else." It's also one of the only places that you can buy Christopher Elbow chocolates in North Carolina." We visited after dinner last weekend and absolutely loved it.  We even fell in love with a new wine (Laurel Glenn (Cab)).  It's less than $40 and rivals that of Silver Oak.  Highly impressed.  We also sampled a Pinot flight which was exactly what I needed after the wine I had already enjoyed!  Love the set up... Love the staff... Love the wine.  Perfect fit for the neighborhood!  Can't wait to go back!  (One hope is that they will get a good Chianti)  there isn't a really easy place to walk up to the entrance if you park around back near the construction side of the building. I've been parking on the opposite side of the building and walking down the sidewalk. Just a thought if you want to avoid any and all construction. Looking forward to seeing the finished renovation!" Dean & Deluca is a civilized place. Classical music playing outside. Real dishes and silverware for those dining on the patio when I came for lunch yesterday. While Dean & Deluca's remodel is beautiful and their food upscale and consistently exceptional be wary of the cray lunch lines. Grab freshly made to go sushi or brave the sandwich salad line - it will move faster than expected. This isn't a cheap lunch a salad could you run your $10 or $11- my favorite prime rib sandwich is huge but $8.50. No five dollar foot longs here. Dean & Deluca is always a great place to grab a delicous hostess gift and if you can't park by the store and their double patios just park around the corner in the deck behind the movie theatre and Upstream. Pros - we've been a few times for the sandwiches. The Ham & Brie is awesome (and pretty stacked) and runs for $7.75. I have also tried the Italian - it is also pretty stacked and yummy The service was funny and attentive (the place started  getting busier as lunch wore on).  I look forward to going back for date night!"  just like other reviews stated it can be a bit pricey but since the items are so unique and freshly made in my opinion they are worth the few extra bucks!" "Great upscale selection. Desserts  scallops with lentils that were drenched in butter (very good) and carrot cake for dessert. I was somewhat skeptical to order the from this menu because I wasn't sure it would be worth the $30. The portions were large and the food was good. I always love the wine flights here and had a white and red flight. Great chocie if you want to sample a few wines. Overall I like the new place but I still miss the coziness of the old place. I also wonder if they will be able to have live music here like they did at the other place."  but instead of admitting as much so many chose to praise the place instead.  Sad really  after dinner and a movie (which was my case) or for the date itself. Perfect for a night out with the girls. A very convenient and popular Charlotte location. Update from spring  and staff completely unhelpful.  I can not wait for A Southern Season to open in Charlotte and give D & D some competition."  and did not get back to me about a certain salami I had inquired about. I was disappointed.  So never again will I order anything other than the desserts.  Also ...I just wish there was a Dean & Deluca in Every City!"  across the street from the Dean & Deluca store. It has now been moved into a new addition to the store."  is now attached to the grocery section of the store." "I had such a good experience today in Dean and Deluca. A super friendly employee chatted me up while he was dishing out my favorite tomato and mozzarella side dish. He was extremely polite and engaging. The exchange made me feel like I was a regular and I left the store feeling extremely positive. I'm a huge fan of business that hire people with engaging smiles and friendly dispositions. Having said that  you will be charged an additional $15.00 (corkage) regardless of the number of bottles ordered or your total bill for the evening. I was told that Corporate wants to increase the ""per bottle"" revenue. After enjoying the friendly ambience of the Wine Bar at its old location Used to be a regular wino at the former Phillips Place locale. Have given this new spot several chances and it has disappointed each time. Service is spotty and knowledge of wine   training of servers has dropped significantly. The flourescent lighting is horrid indoors and the outdoor patio is scattered with groccery patrons. Sad to say I've given up even though this is the closest wine bar to my neighborhood.  the service was horrible. We waited 10 min before anybody asked us if we would like anything. Eveytime we wanted more coffe we had to ask. After food was delivered was never checked on again. The place was not crowded."  and wine selection this store is a true gem. I wandered the aisles to check things out and decided to hit the food bar and ordered the chicken wrap  sleek and modern. The windows allow light in and they offer tasty flights (of wine) throughout the week. It can be pricey but with good service  bottle made more sense.  Bottle was $16 - waitress then informed us there was a new pricing directive from the managers  - they were required to charge a corkage fee on top of the bottle - WHAT???? I could understand a corkage fee on a bottle we picked from their retail area but something listed on the menu - and to make matters worse  - CORKAGE FEE WAS $15.00!!! Outrageous and we should have moved on.  But I would visit the Wine Room again if I wanted to relax with a glass or two of wine My suggestions to order: The Lobster 'BLT' Sliders and the Vanilla Strawberry Mini Cake - both of these are memorable.  In fact hODaBUYzv0AbApej_bfZ-w My favorite place to get a coffee.  Nice and clean with delicious (if overpriced) desserts.  certainly not better than what can be purchased elsewhere for less. I guess I just expect quality comensurate with cost  but management clearly has some issues. I didn't really see a manager on duty while we were there.. just a bunch of young kids trying to do their best."  the service is just ok. It look several minutes to be greeted after we sat at the bar. We ordered the tuscan beans with crostini and the calamari.  Both were good. I don't know if the wine pour was a usual for them  you could have a really good thing I'll be back to D&D but not to the wine room!" D&D also serves a pretty decadent breakfast.  I went for brunch the past Sunday.  The chocolate chip pancakes are amazing  I would have had room in my bags. We were there for a late dinner. I actually thought they were closed as it was just before 9. We started with a bottle of Parcel 141. I ordered the Chilean Seabass. Very light and flaky with a mild buttery taste. The server was on top of us for the whole meal. Aces to this place  quite large and full of flavor. Our server was top notch. Very attentive and kept the wine glasses full. They also had a full market attached to the place. All kinds of goodies to be had. we took some pies for the road. I had the pecan and was eating it on the plane "Wow.  Worst service ever.  Such a beautiful place.   Sat outside for 20 min with no service.  Moved inside and had to go to bar to get wine. Waitress showed up 10 min later.  Will not come back until they change entire staff  and we eventually had to ask the hostess for drinks. Servers all looked like they hated working there and kept disappearing into the market for very long periods of time while diners had to ask for checks or drink refills. We won't be back." Love the restaurant an ambiance but the waiter we had was horrible an did not make are 1st time there a pleasant memory. We're there for a birthday an we told the waiter we like sweeter wines like moscato an Riesling wines an he said okay repeated it back an walked off.  Didn't discuss or make suggestions offer a sample because we were planning on a bottle each. So he just brought us his selection an didn't tell us price until I asked. Didn tell us what the bottles were or about them. Just opened them up an poured.  He brought us a champagne an a semi dry Riesling. Neither of what we wanted when I said sweet. So that just killed are mood. We were not going to buy anything else. We'll after he delivered he disappeared when we said were not buying more. Took 30 min after we finished to get the check.  and of course the amazing bakery & cheese area.  I only give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it is pricey.  I really wish they would open a location in Atlanta This has always been awesome place on my list of places to shop or have a sandwich went recently and had a fantastic lunch.  all these locations are excellent.  The know their stuff." "I love to eat here and pick up specialty grocery items too. Their tuna salad with lemon zest in it is fab and so is the rotisserie chicken salad. My kids love to make custom sandwiches at the sandwich bar. I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious. It's trendy  and love that they have a great wine selection. Their draft beer selection is weak. The food was okay  he said he would talk to the chef about it (I smell bull) and refunded me. He also offered me a free lunch on the house which I turned down. I'm not looking for a freebie Good Irish cream latte though I will say I have been to this location twice and neither time were they friendly.  So watch out for the chill in the air.  The seating outside is beautiful with the water fountain right in front of it.  I have yet to try their food but the location is south park is much better! Overall my experience was good. I'd go back again and give it a second chance to earn at least another star."  I keep coming back for the hot sandwiches no matter how many times I get burned by the customer service."  if I lived here I doubt I'd hang here much.  There must be a lot better value for the $$$ at other wine bars."  and I'd be quite happy if they ever thought to return back to the Queen City. Probably better for my budget that they don't though..." hODaBUYzv0AbApej_bfZ-w "So this place is super fancy. And get ready to shell out the $$$ for the average meal or drink. But having said that hODaBUYzv0AbApej_bfZ-w  the food that was served was of good quality and fresh.  Delivery was on time and professional.  The price was typical of business lunch cost.  I would use Dean & Deluca for a business event again." The selection of wine is both tasteful and extensive. I only had a small Asian salad however it was one of the best I have ever had everything was fresh crisp and delicious.  etc.? Affirmative to that as well. BEST PREMIUM cheese selection in Charlotte. If there is better PLEASE TELL ME!" Got an amaxing roast beef sandwich from the sandwich bar - made to order.  Coffee was excellent as well.  Looking through their market section & had a question - Brittany was just walking by but was quite helpful.  they also have a large shopping area filled with kitchen items and food preparation supplies.  My fav part is their olive bar!  It rivals Harris Teeter!   Stop in for the best experience you can hope for with food!!  Cheers!" "Mixed experience here. Had we just stayed on the market side it would be fine. We bought dessert and a coffee and headed into the wine bar. A server told us to wait for the hostess and the hostess said we made a grave error by attempting to get a table while already having food. They would have to plate the food and pour the coffee into mug since they were a full service side. And that's fine Went there for a afternoon lunch on a Saturday. It's really clean and the staff were welcoming an friendly. The food was great and the wine was wonderful. This is a great play for foodies or a now brunch with the girls. They have the items on the menu in the store which is a huge plus. Coming from Chicago where there are several now restaurants I would recommend this place.  and good spirited and attentive service. And they recently added valet parking making a visit to Phillips Place on a Fri or Saturday night seamless." Great spot for a quick lunch. Salads and wraps are very fresh and delivered with enthusiasm and a smile.  Can't wait for a sunny day to enjoy the patio!  Could clear tables more quickly.  beautiful food presentation. The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable. Anywho! Since I have the day off!!! Yay me! I decided to visit one of my Yelp Bookmarked locations for breakfast. I ordered the Smoked Salmon Bagel Breakfast Sandwich with a side of fruit. Seriousl!!!! I just Died 5 deaths....this Bagel Sandwich is Sooo flavorful....  I'm a sucker for smoked salmon!!!! Ugh!! Also its topped with egg Have a chance and see if you like it Perfect wine spot and just bought some of the Kumi Tea Essentials which are fabulous!"  it's a bit too expensive for their quality. I had the shrimp and grits and it was...not good. They significantly overcook their shrimp. The spaghetti and mussels were pretty good though." "If there was a zero stars this place deserves it for the unprofessional management I recently paid 329.00 dollars for food I had ordered  here. I failed to check my order as I was 8 months pregnant carrying the order to my car. I chose to order from this place because I had an important dinner I wanted to have ready for my guest but when I arrived home the sushi that was suppose to go with the picture in the menu was not in the basket. I called and spoke to the catering manager and he told me that it was my fault and that he couldn't do anything about it. My guest had already arrived and I couldn't do a thing about it it but send my daughter back into rush hour traffic to get the rest of the food to go with the basket. The treatment I got from the staff and the catering person from this place was beyond my belief. Not only were they unapologetic but they just gave me the sushi off their ready made shelf and acted like they were doing me a favor by giving it to me like I was the one in the wrong. I ordered the food according to their pictures but the product did not come out as they posted and they blamed me for their mistakes. They charged 160.00 for the crap basket they faked and yell at their customers for their own mistakes. Why would a basket come with shrimp a new York based company Great wines. Sommelier was great in offering to try new wines. Atmosphere is very upscale and and romantic.  pastries and drinks. If you're not in a hurry you can also sit in the wine room or espresso bar! I come here often for the ""create your own salad"" with fresh and filling ingredients!" Really cool place has a separate dining area with a separate menu but they have tons of options plus several free samples throughout store. They have great pastries and candies plus dips wines and pretty much something for everyone. You could spend a ton of time just walking around and looking at all the great items. I had a chicken caesar which was solid. Being from out of town its a cool place to bring guests and just a great experience. If visiting Charlotte I highly recommend stopping by. "I have always loved Dean and Deluca. Their food is delicious and fresh and they have a lot of options. I typically get the medium salad with chicken which is $10.50 lb and mine usually comes out to around $11. Last night I got a salad here and when I went to check out the salad was $20!!! The guy put SO MANY toppings on it and then he also gave me six salad dressings.. SIX! I specifically told him this was a for here salad for me but he packed everything in there so tight my salad was two pounds. I was in such shock at the register that I paid for the salad but could not believe this. I have never had a salad that packed in there before  he'd make sure we got ""The Burger"" as well as the truffle fries (YES!). We went on a Friday night and they had live music which was also amazing and entertaining! Love this place and would definitely recommend it to anyone."  but the wife's crabcake was better. I still like red meat better so no regrets. The calamari was just right for a starter What a nice place. wish there was a bit of better explanation of what to do but it tasted wonderful. A bit pricey but I could tell that when I walked in. I really enjoyed the food though  bakery and sit down entrees for breakfast lunch and dinner! My husband and I went one morning for breakfast and both got the yummy applewood smoked bacon bfkt sandwich. It was SO good!! (just wish they used uncured meat  the entree came out before we finished our first course - not a good sign.  And each time food was brought out the server had to ask who had what - I expect more from fine dining.  The deserts were good - especially the banana pudding but the portion was small.  It's a great place to go for after work for a glass of wine and maybe some appetizers but I can think of better places to go for dinner."  I love the baked goods and the eclectic mix of goods you don't find in other places. If you're a foodie you should definitely check it out!" "I'm a huge fan of Dean & Deluca. I grew up going to the South Park location. My friend and I were both in town for New Years and we planned to meet up here. She has the same fond memories of this location. At first I thought we were to meet in the store as we have done in the past. So I grabbed a cup of coffee. I misunderstood and she was waiting for me in the wine room. They made a big deal about bringing the coffee into the wine room. I told the hostess I would order wine and planned to eat there. My friend was seated with wine when I got there. They made me feel uncomfortable but I shrugged it off because I was happy to see my friend. I was dressed causally with jeans and a regular black shirt and a tailored jacket. I had just driven four hours from Atlanta so I probably looked tired and frazzled. Hence why I needed the coffee. My girlfriend had a couture dress and was dressed to go out. It was later in the evening around 9:00 There is a large area inside for dining and also a few tables outside. They actually also have a Wine Bar Restaurant but I haven't been there so I can't speak to it." Not a whole lotta reason to go there anymore but they can afford to sponsor a shitty TX golf tournament Bartenders and waitstaff are super nice. Always treated nicely no matter the time of day or occasion. Food is a little expensive but good. The best wine bar around!! I love this place." "Beautiful upscale atmosphere in one of the prettiest shopping centers in Charlotte. Great coffee and tea Definitely ask for a sample before you get any container of a dish from the casing mo3uiQnQaB39JuRSUbDwVQ tip:  Skip the metal bucket and save $20 by having them put the bagged popcorn in a box." I found these guys while looking for an affordable supplier for popcorn for an outdoor party. I had a tough time deciding what flavors to get. Individual red stripped bags were included for guests to fill and refill with the various flavors. The popcorn was very good and was a HUGE hit. People are still talking about what a wonderful addition it was to the backyard movie   party. Will be using them again this year. Great service and selection. Have used Munchees several times for party supplies. 1 10 08: I just rec'd my Aquasana waterfilter and all of a sudden find myself less and less reliant on Home Economist." But the topper on all of this is the fact that the people here are so helpful.  If you have a question about which herbs and supplements are good for what  I realized I could go back. I haven't made the leap yet  seeds and seasonings as I believe their prices are fair and their presentation is less pretentious than major chains. The staff is always willing to help and I learn helpful things from the other shoppers as I stroll the isles. I like the free lectures they give to educate the community. And I like their book and magazine selection. I am used to a prettier broader selection of products to choose from Prices could be more competitive I have to deduct a start here because the store does get a little crowded-feeling and just has the appearance of being somewhat rundown (like most of its neighboring businesses) which is far below the standard at any of the other speciality grocers in town.  Still  I'd recommend hitting up the location on South. If running in for a quick ingredient or two It would be nice if HHM would open a store somewhere out on the I-485 perimeter between Pineville & Matthews. I  believe that this area can support several more healthy stores.  Even though consolidation through mergers & acquisitions is the name of the game in corporate America these days Offers the same great items the one on South Blvd does the only downside to this location is the lack of deli and smoothie juice stand.  it's going to be hell to get back on 74W during most times of the day(less busting a U down by Conference)"  they know they have me suckered for their bulk bins and can continue to treat customers poorly. Imagine how well they could do if they didn't have such a piss poor attitude towards customer service."  so when faced with that I've-never-been-to-this-store-and-I-have-no-idea-where-anything-is feeling they're happy to show where to find what you need."  they have let themselves go downhill. The people are quite possibly the rudest I have ever met. I have not met anyone there with a personality yet. The only reason I went there is because it was closer than the one off Sardis Road. But the Sardis location will get all my business from now on. I am very sure that they could care less about one disgruntled customer This place has improved so much. The people are way friendlier. They are nice and easy to talk to. Not rude at all. They are store is clean. The vegetables look fresher. I will start going to this store again.  healthy food. If you have a strict diet for any reason this store is your saving grace." Great experience A+ location" Thanksgiving feast was amazing. Turkey had great sweet crust on outside and juicy in the middle.... It was pre sliced too! We had left overs that were perfect for sandwiches the next day. Sweet potato casserole had nuts and sweet which is how I like it. Green bean casserole is the best I have ever had... Sorry mom. I plan on going back and getting another turkey soon just to have for sandwiches. Price was a little high but worth it not having to cook !!!" "Came here for a to go order for lunch. I got a ham sandwich and potato salad. Ham was melt in your mouth. Potato salad was ok Quick bite spot for lunch. Great friendly staff who care. Once I realized this was an eat-in place I knew it would become a regular in my lunch break places. You gotta try all the sandwiches and breads. The best part is the prices - they are great to begin with  but UW Provision is great if you have a chest freezer. It's basically a meat shop where you can get bulk quantities of meat for cheap. If there's a specialty meat (like goat) or cut you want  to their own special haus cheese.  I probably walked out with a good 2 lbs of various cheeses (and am still wondering how those seemed to add 10 lbs to my figure My boyfriend and I made a trip to Wisconsin Dells for my birthday and stopped here on the way back to Chicago to get some cheese. All of the employees here were extremely helpful and friendly. Cheese was decent priced and delicious. I'd recommend it. "Great little shop off of the interstate. I was looking for a place to go that wasn't fast food and wasn't the same old-same old. I was surprised how much I liked this place. Made to order deli-sandwiches Stop here! Buy a block of the dill Havarti and try a bunch of samples. I am sure there will be others that you love :) "Sample the many varieties of cheese and take some Butter Swiss home Was very disappointed at my recent experience at the mousehouse!!! I have been there before and they had always been so nice not the case this time the lady talked down to us about the difference of white and yellow cheddar and just seemed over all bothered by our presence.  So needless to say we didn't ask for a single sample.  Next time we will not going back.  but it's delicious! I will definately be stopping again on my next trip past there.The horseradish & the asiago cheese spreads are AMAZINGLY delicious. as well. be sure to pick up a cheese spread knife for $.99 & a box of crackers on your way out because you'll want to snack on your way home." My parents love the Mousehouse and always stop on their way to Milwaukee and always get me the cheese curds.  I will be sticking to those from now on as they are tasty and fresh."  cheese slicer. We were hosting the upcoming fountain pen meeting and bought a great variety of meats and cheeses. One large beef summer sausage I brought to my thanksgiving hostess. Picked up a cranberry jelly  but that's okay as their prices are a little higher than any of the cheese coops you can visit off the interstate."  which I suppose is in part of attracting tourists to think that they are purchasing purely ""Wisconsin"" delicacies!"  there is no changing table available in the bathroom." The staff was super friendly and willing to let you sample almost anything. I tried some cheese spreads They have a nice selection of cheese to choose from and it was fun to stop in and check it out but I would prefer to go to another."  wine & beer...perfect for dinner!!! We tried about 10 cheeses and fudge. ..they were all so good.The dark chocolate caramel salted fudge was delicious. Glad we stopped here and so will you. :)" The staff was very knowledgable and helpful. You can sample pretty much everything besides the alcohol  many of them unique. We know Wisconsin is full of cheese and boy did this place deliver. At check-out they had fudge pops which were also pretty tempting." THe staff is really friendly too. They were happy to help us  I was tempted to buy much much more. It is possible we will stop on our way back!" Love this place! Always very friendly and have a huge variety of delicious cheeses!! Super fast when you order online too!! My dad is a big fan of this place as well.  He'll get an order of brick or some other stinky cheese before heading south and they'll give it a couple extra dips in wax to help it travel better."  get half a pound for free. How could we pass that up? That's SIX types of fudge. Delicious. The shop is great as well. Tried on the cheese hats (a must) and bought a cheese wedge beer holder. Have fun."  and of course the fudge was too tempting to pass up. Thank goodness we don't live in Wisconsin. We'd be as big as houses...and not Mousehouses either."  that wouldn't work. I would eat myself out of house and home.""  And I wouldn't doubt that for a second." We just stopped here. We received excellent service and the bathrooms were clean. The cheese curds are yummy. We also bought some fudge and some honey sticks. It is conveniently located and very cute. I only wish that they cold have fried up some curds for me. Great little shop! Great little shop next to the highway. Super friendly staff offering up tons of samples. The cheese all seemed to be local their brand. Beer prices were quite fair as well. I'll be stopping here again! I love this place. Such a wide variety of things. I love that they let you try as many different types of cheese and fudge as you want. My favorite cheese is igor's heat and the salty nut fudge is amazing. I also like the different variety of wines that they have. I always try a new kind. The store is super cute and the staff is always very friendly. I love this place. Such a wide variety of things. I love that they let you try as many different types of cheese and fudge as you want. My favorite cheese is igor's heat and the salty nut fudge is amazing. I also like the different variety of wines that they have. I always try a new kind. The store is super cute and the staff is always very friendly. "Dead and went to heaven cheeeeeeeeese and fudge my goodness how can you go wrong  but the mozzarella strings were very good. Nice little spot to take a picture at and grab some cheese on a trip through Wisconsin."  they will let you sample any of the cheese that they sell by the pound" Make sure you check in to get you Yelp discount!!" I did like the garlic summer sausage and for out of state people it's nice to be able to buy New Glarus.  I wouldn't make a trip back  then take home a basket of cheese. The selection here is better than most of the cheese places you see all over Wisconsin. They have dozens of types of cheese and you are able to try them all to make your decision. From aged cheddar to spreadable cheese and beer. The sandwiches here are a must. Skip lunch elsewhere because the sandwiches here are great. I love this place and you will too."  and the employees are very friendly and helpful.  Bonnie made me  a delicious sandwich on marble rye and gave me a generous sample of highest end cheese available in the place - a 10-year aged cheddar.  I ended up preferring the 7-year  but I am definitely going to take advantage of online ordering." jpxlSFhdrtbNyxS6vB036A This is a really cool place. They make their cheeses and fudge in house and you can sample them all! Best cheese you've ever tasted. Staff is knowledgeable and friendly. "I love this place.   We send gifts from here often and they are always appreciated by my family.  Today we ordered take out sandwiches.  They were excellent.  Good meat "I came here with some family members after my sister raved about the Tomato & Fresh Mozzarella Caprese sandwich she had. Tried it...and I must say it is the most delicious sandwich I have had in a very long time.  It is a seasonal item  and it's certainly the best fudge I've tried. I think we only paid a few bucks for enough that my girlfriend and I were both happy. I imagine that we'll try the rest of the fudges at some point. Highly recommended!"  there are more than just brats...otherwise he would have called the place Jim's Brats. You get the idea." WxfedycTcbQO_GuXHo9Ypw  I try to make the trip and grab a pack to bring back home."  the (not so) new partner or the always friendly woman behind the counter  the meat quality overall was decent. This shop is owned and operated locally. The customer service was good and friendly. This shop has a wide variety selection of meat. They even have different flavors of bratwurst where you don't normally find at large super markets. Worth a visit  who loves his business and does it well!" "Awesome local meat market. Nice selection will visit Jim again and again" "I love these guys!! They always have great recommendations and good quality food. They are my go-to meat market I'll go back for the brats in the summer but I don't think I could eat another one until then!"  next time I feel the need to pull out my trusty cast iron skillet and prepare a delicious steak? Well  is both friendly and knowledgeable. They can do practically any custom order. They get to know their customers and treat regulars like family."  it's not organic but it's super homemade and killer. I get something different every time I am there and have yet to be disappointed. All the brats "Some kid answers the phone yesterday 45 minutes before their posted closing time ""Umm...yah we're like closed"" he didn't even say hello? I would have felt better if he simply didn't answer the phone." Love this place and the people that run it. They're just an old school neighborhood meat market.  Burgundy steaks are the best. Great deals ALWAYS!!! Remember - the only stupid question is the one that never gets asked. You needn't worry that you will be looked down upon if you ask a novice grilling question. This is not a pretentious boutique. It's a friendly Good job Jim.  We'll be back." Great meat market with friendly people. The philly cheese steak brats are awesome. "This place has the nicest people running it ever.  If you have questions or don't know what you want they have answers.  I always go in there wanting one thing and come out with a ton of other tasty meats.  The 10 for $10 brat specials can't be beat.  I love the Gyro brat  and other items that I can't remember at the moment. They are very nice and treat customers well. They'll answer any questions you have. Many times they have specials (brats or kebabs at $1 apiece). We are so lucky to have them right down the street. I can pick something up and tell my husband to start the grill and we're ready to go in minutes!" They also have some great prices and a huge variety  but quality is assured. Love this place on way home from work. Always have a good sale. Nice friendly family run business." They also have good parking and a very clean and brightly lit store.  Definitely worth a drive to Madison's north side." "We love having Jim's in the neighborhood!  John and his fellow employees always provide a smile and friendly service.  If you have any questions about how to prepare the meat you are purchasing The burgundy pepper kabobs are to die for.  They are one of my favorite things in the world.  Second is there cheddar and jalapeo brats.  and 1/2 pound chicken noodle casserole.  The food-counter lady was very nice as I added .. and added to my order.  I devoured it all." My personal favorites are the burgandy pepper steaks.  It just doesn't get any better." "Only been there once and been wanting go back again soon. We used to go to that side of town once a month and I would wonder about this place with my husband's name. So one day  and bakery items. The stuffed chicken breasts and steaks are excellent choices. From the deli the egg salad is excellent and fresh. They also have elegant farmer pies A wonderful place. Highly recommend." "Slightly weird smell when you walk. This isn't Jenny Street Market in terms of quality products  and is a reasonably-priced treat!  I stop there on the way home from work for items like cereal  indirect heat.  Man.  Their bacon wrapped pork filets are terrific "They have a good selection of meat and its always fresh and good.  They could use a bigger selection of cheese  the leftover steaks were still as tender as the day they came off the grill. I'm doing all my meat shopping here from now on!" Way overpriced. Basically resells items at an insane markup. Not a true butcher either. The best meat market in Madison. It has great gresh chicken brests. Get the burgundy marinaded steak. Check it out.  Ken's has been a mealtime/neighborhood staple.  It's so easy to pop in and grab something delicious to throw on the grill.  They also offer a decent assortment of deli salads "I stop here for the meats and fresh made sandwiches. It is a convenience store with a very nice meat case. There are reviews on here complaining that they don't have an actual butcher shop. There are not that many around anymore so deal with it or butcher your own. Burgundy Pepper Steaks are marvelous. I tried to marinate my own "Every single thing is delicious here. I go here for my monthly freshly made deli sandwich for lunch. I almost always get the honey ham and Swiss on a croissant with green leaf lettuce * they are all adequate and helpful if you're looking for some extra calories to go with your meat." This store really manages to pack a lot into a relatively small space. Prices are definitely on target for what you get (expect a markup for dry goods/typical grocery store items) but they have a good turnover and everything that I have had here has been ridiculously fresh." LWmlH8MwUnwMWN5Ma8utnQ Burgundy pepper steaks and stuffed chops are the best! Ken's is a solid place to go for local goods. Picked up a t-bone the other day.  Just some salt and pepper then onto a 600 degree grill.... 1 of THE best steaks I've ever had.   Can't wait for my next one. "I used to go here for all my hamburger and chicken.  They seem to have dropped a little in quality.  I used to be able to buy a chicken breast and cut it up and cook it without any additional trimming.  Not anymore. They aren't bad by any means  you can't get any better! Like many of the other reviews mention the burgundy pepper steaks and chicken are simply the best! We also like their turkey burgers. You really can't go wrong with anything and we've tried most of their options! I don't know how they manage to pack that much flavor into their items but they do." "A little shop on the triangle where Neil Street and Walnut Streets converge.  They made great use of the space.  Lots of teas of course I've been going here since I was literally a wee one. I used to go for the Walker's shortbread but still go for the teas and other treats. The owner is awesome (and even remembered me on my last visit). It's a great little shop.  know that the ""secret hour"" exists if you have that craving for Gustav's soft licorice drops at 4:30 on a Saturday." "Cute shop. Lost a star for having tea that expired A YEAR AGO! Check the date before you buy it! I did buy some tea still  it's hard to not compare WSTCo to some of the fantastic tea supply shops I've found in the world.   Places with much better and more varied stock  this place may not be all that impressive in the products they carry  tea is light sensitive. The teas I bought from the jar taste stale and bad."  but I liked this place a lot. The store alone has a ton of character and it's just charming in itself. I also loved the array of chocolate they had. It would make a great place to go to find some uniquely delicious gifts. Mmm!" bmGEYg9Xw9XmCQXgeZ_Pyw  and avoid teas and other herbs that are sold in clear glass jars.  This shop does have a sale table for the out of date foods and teas with awesome sale prices which I often take advantage of Really cool place with lots of delicious tea! The staff is really friendly and they seem to know what they are talking about."  home made goods and my favorite tea made this one of my new favorite shops in the area. The selection of teas was nice but I agree with the other reviewers that the storage of it was a bit off. I bought a couple ounces and can't wait to try it! They lost a star with me because of the crowded feeling I got"" there were maybe 5 customers other then my boyfriend and I in the store. There was an employee blocking a good deal of stuff I wanted to see stocking stuff on shelves and overall I just felt squished. Pleased with everything else tho!!!" So many options of tea to choose from. The shop isn't crowded most of the time but when it is crowded it is hard to move around the shop because there isn't much space to move around in. They do have coffee but just like the tea it doesn't seem to be stored correctly. This is a great little shop to get gifts for your mom or grandmother. The items might be a little overpriced but if you like tea you are sure to find something here you like. A pleasant shop that expresses a great interest in the complex and ancient art of tea. The Walnut Street Tea Company offers a surprising plethora of unique and special teas that are sure to keep you absorbed in your explorations. You should be able to find  what you're looking for in the realm of tea and the prices are as they should be.  just a little bit for sampling. Drinking one of them right now - superb quality  though I myself stayed in the tea section. Just tried a cup of their raspberry mint tea and I'm love. I wish I lived closer so I could come here more often!"  the woman who I always see behind the counter (I assume she is the owner) has always been super friendly and sweet. I hope this adorable corner teashop is around for a long "A wonderful shop with wonderful customer service. Fabulous variety of loose teas & coffees. Quaint tea pots  the woman who I always see behind the counter (I assume she is the owner) has always been super friendly and sweet. I hope this adorable corner teashop is around for a long  i'd still say they are particularly swell.  i ran in quickly to grab a gift and got seduced by a peanut butter button.  i had never seen this thing before but was offered one to sample; a delicious mixture of peanut butter and confectioner's sugar covered in milk chocolate...this led to a purchase...which led to more consumption than was necessary throughout the day...a discussion of the button over dinner with our very swanky friends...and finally a craving for the rest of the buttons which are waiting patiently for me at work...if you give a girl a chocolate..." My dad always used to come in here to get our Valentines Day chocolates as kids and I occasionally remember going in with him. Turtles ftw! cMJL8kZOF0VsYMhM2DKkBw "So good! The hostess mints are magical. That's all I want now and forever. Caramels and pecan clusters are also the jam. If you're in the mood for chocolate Those are memories from my childhood.  I stopped in here and got a bag of my favorites.  This store isn't even in the same area code as the one I frequented with my grandfather but that didn't matter - it took me right back..."  she has a large a out of tattoos on her left arm and had multiple colors in her hair like pinks and blues. My husband and I walked in separately since he was getting me candy too  Old Time Meat & Deli is rarely crowded and I can never figure out why. It's a good thing for customers in the know..."  and you'll notice the same people working most of the time. It has a very nice local feel that beats going to a grocery chain hands down." "Ye Old Time Meat and Deli Shoppe is one of the only places in champaign that I have no reservations about giving 5 stars.  It is SPOTLESSLY clean inside  and the extensive range of high quality products they sell. The best beef I have seen outside of Texas and New Zealand!"  i will tell you you haven't and that it's time you visit old time and see what a quality piece of meat tastes like. you will never be disappointed."  and the employee offered to cut up the meat for me without me even having to ask.  Another time I was looking for salmon fillets and the fish had just gotten there and one of the employees cut me a fillet.  I highly recommend this place!" "This place is THE BEST place to get meat in the C-U area.  Their staff is friendly and knowledable; it's just the kind of place you'd think would be packed in a place like Champaign.  Not only do they have a good selection of beef and pork  yeah! I never will go to County Market for my meat shopping again! Old Time can meet almost all of your meat eating needs and they do have a customer appreciation card where you get 10% off your next purchase when you purchase $200 worth at the store. Their sausages are quite good and their special flavors (applewursts you should try for sure!) change but they still have the classic bratwursts and mild and spicy italian sausage. Their flank steak is also good and their bulk italian sausage is also worth your while especially if you make spaghetti sauce from scratch. My complaint is that their hours and location could be better. Their staff is always helpful and they can help with getting special meat cuts." "Best place around to buy quality meats.  I always go here when meat is to be the star of a meal.  Prime meats sometimes don't look quite as nice as I'd hope  chicken with good selection of cheeses. Prices reasonable considering the quality."  friendly staff.  Sirloin patties and the twice baked potatoes are my go-to choices here.  Will make a special trip for them.  Good stuff." I can not recommend this shop enough."  and the prices reasonable.  If you need meat there is no better place in the area.  We do not buy much meat but when we do it is only from Old Time Meat and Deli!"  especially the kielbasa which is heaven" I love this place! Staff is great very knowledgeable every cut of meat i have ever gotten has been top quality. Oh and did i mention the twice baked potatoes?!  Old Time is the water in the figurative desert when it comes to having quality meat I'm kind of surprised they don't have better cheese "the staff is always amazing and the cuts of meat are even better.  personally I request the 2.5"" porterhouse ... and my wife gets the NY strips ... I simply have not found anything there I don't like.  fantastic establishment" Really awesome deli here in town! The staff is friendly and the meats are delicious. They even have a neat assortment of odds and ends inside to explore as well. Definitely worth checking out as bbq season gets rolling!  marinated chicken and homemade sausage.  Friendly and helpful staff. I will stop back the next time I'm passing thru. Just wish they were open on Sunday so I could load up my cooler!"  from some people who really know themselves some food!" They do have a good selection of meat in the deli case as well as some marinated items. When items are on special Super friendly people at this meat shop! Everyone is very helpful and they have such a wide variety of items. They also offer Boar's Head deli meats which are delish! I like that they also have some already made items like pork stuffed with wild rice and a large variety of marinated chicken breasts. Yummy! I only wish they were open Sunday's too!"  friendly and helpful staff.  They also have fresh fish which is super convenient!  Highly recommend."  and frog legs? They also offer hot bbq ribs and chicken if you're looking to pick up something for dinner. I've gotten some really good Porterhouse steaks here. I also like their pickled beets and fresh blocks of (super creamy) butter. If you're about to fire up the grill  the staff greets me and gives me friendly attention. They are never pretentious and are always really willing to answer any questions. I came here looking for salmon and was really really impressed. You really have to come here to see what I mean. The meats are all super fresh (according to the guy who helped me great selection and quality of product. The staff knows their product and their customers.  Truly gourmet items at reasonable prices  and this Shoppe has an extra (e) for excellent cuts of meat.  If you'd rather grill than go to a restaurant This is definitely the place to go for excellent fresh meat and fish. I swear their Salmon is the very best in the area. You can't beat them. The staff is just as amazing. Always friendly welcoming and super helpful. "Olde Time is a carnivore's dream. They provide exceptional service and delicious meats. You can get just about anything to grill or smoke at this place. Prices aren't ridiculous  plus eco-friendly cleaning and paper products.  Meet great people.  Simple."  so its one of the easiest places for car-fee on-campus dwellers to shop for healthy food." Cool place.  Definitely worth checking out.  You can find some things here you wouldn't find anywhere else as well as some delicious fresh baked bread.  don't think it's some stuffy place to hang out.  The staff are all very friendly and you are welcome to take a look around before deciding to join.  Membership is easy- just fill out a form and pay $30 (individual) or $50 (family) and you're good to go.  If you decide to leave  help locals and provide some healthier food. Since I don't live in town  this location is perfect during the summer as it is right next to the Farmer's Market and makes for a great Saturday morning shopping. The staff here are always friendly and extremely helpful. They post recipes with the produce with ideas for how to use items that may be unfamiliar to some  bright store with the best organic food prices you will find anywhere in the C-U area. You can become co-owner for a $60 investment buy-in. Sweet! I could co-own a store!" "I really like this little store!  It's really new and clean which is nice.  I don't usually buy produce or anything here because I think it's a bit pricey.  However  and I've always been satisfied with any groceries I've picked out here.  Great stop."  this is the most awesome grocery store in town. Great deli with vegan options everyday and beautiful produce - often local and organic - that you can't find anywhere else."  because that extra 10% off every now and then can really help when your ice cream costs $7 (rare treat) and the only soy milk that does it for you is Organic Valley's unsweetened wonder.  That being said This co-op has more pretensions of grandeur than most."  when I asked if they ever carried a certain product they were really rude in their reply. They didn't have any of the things I was looking for that I hadn't already seen somewhere else... they had stuff you can find at Meijer or Schnuck's! So why should I spend so much more to get the same exact thing somewhere else!? That's when its irritating to see just how jacked up the prices are!" Their selection is ok...but Natural Gourmet is better. The owner there is nicer and they don't have weird people acting strangely and giving you special treatment."  and assorted other tasty vegan treats. The co-op is a hub of activity in Urbana with bike racks out front."  and I have always had good interactions with their friendly staff.  If you are shopping between here and SF I also love the fun events held there like the annual seed swap and the occasional music performance on the patio.  I highly recommend taking full advantage of this coop "Common Grounds selection seemed very average.  The did have some local vegetables for sale  thus the 5 star rating.  It has the best that Whole Foods has to offer.  They list the farms their produce comes from "I've been in here a few times. I haven't bought anything though. I love the free recipes and all the organic healthy choices. Despite the prices  but things in bulk are really reasonably priced and for some reason their tofu is the best in town (How can any tofu be the best?  It just is.). Their prepared foods are all excellent; may I recommend the asian peanut noodles? You can grab some food and go eat out front with a glorious view of the Lincoln Square parking lot  and consistent quality. I am very happy with the CG Co-op. The recent sale of plants was superb - horseradish root  and might consider becoming an owner.  This is definitely the kind of local store that it feels good to support." "Lovely bunch of people and a lovely store. They have a very good selection of bulk goods  some interesting Illinois-based cheeses (not just the yummy ones from Prairie Fruits Farm)  but good. Wish I lived closer I am thrilled for the expansion in the fall!" all i have to say... is the pretense in this place is rich.  watch out!" They have expanded the store and it's even better. The new cafe in the store was great. Friendly service and the food was very tasty. I would highly recommend the hot roast beef sandwich with carmelized onions. One of my favorite places in the area....go check 'em out!" Q9eZS4qDdJo1ker0w3wnMg  and soups. Everything I've tasted has been pretty good!  I recommend bringing your own bags and using cash or a debit card."  it's reasonable.  the expansion did a lot for their prices in the way of shelf items.  some of their prepared items are still expensive  especially considering that everything is organic and/or local."  there's an area where you can pick up/donate canvas bags for people who want a re-usable sack "I can't believe how much this place has grown in the past few years!  I go into Whole Foods withdrawal when I visit Champaign Tofu! vegan yogurt starter! Seitan rubins! Chocolate! Wild apricots! Most excellent place even if it is a bit pricey. . . We still shop here every week for a small bag of goodies. They even have wine!! :)" Because of the large selection and not terribly marked up prices I'd say this is the place to go if you're looking for organic foods and meat and dairy substitutes. Otherwise  and I never had the feeling that the customer should do this much work. I mean "We love our food co-op! My children love shopping here with me. The staff is always quick to engage with them  they have a reasonable selection of produce  this place gets a much-needed review update of 5+++ stars."  and cheeses. Very nice wine and beer selection. I love it all. BUT! THE STAFF!!!! These people are the best people in the world. They are helpful A small salad from the salad bar costs $10 or more which is ridiculous - wish we had a real peoples co-op around here."  I was driving through from Chicago and am not aware of how many co-ops are in Champaign or how many places offer organically grown food. Otherwise "I'm a vegetarian & extremely grateful for this store. The have so many meatless products for me here. I've gotten organic food & medicine. The Manuka honey  but I'm not a douchey YouTube celebrity who craves validation so you'll just have to take my word for it. Always give back or pay it forward Everything that they do have is really tasty and all reasonably priced as well."  the instructor had additional handouts.  Will definitely take other classes." "I have frequented co-ops all over the country and I can't recommend Common Ground. I know too much about this place to post it all here but if you really care about supporting an ethically run store  but I find myself only buying one or two little things at a time because the prices here are way beyond what an ordinary student can afford. Generally "Great products! Organic foods and products at a reasonable price. Nice environment. I particularly like their fruits  but a way for us to say thank you for offering these specialized items to the community. We would otherwise have to buy those two items online. For all other supplies  etc. The hours are very convenient & the location is right in Lincoln Square where there is plenty of parking for both cars & bikes. It's a nice & adjacent stop from the weekend farmer's market. The co-op has a classroom/art gallery for seminars and relaxing/dining when the seminars aren't in session. There are outdoor dining areas Best little coop in the Midwest!!!  And of course I am not prejudiced because it is in my hometown - really!  Been a member since the 80's and proud to see how it has grown up and become such a vibrant place and hub of our community. Check Common Ground out if you want to support local farmers and enjoy delicious food! :)" Their cheese selection is similar (in price as well) to what you can get at World Harvest - affinois "Love this place. I used to be skeptical because of the prices but I love buying meat here. The miller farms stuff is very good in my experience. If you wait for sales "Love the friendly atmosphere and all the organic options available. People may say this place is expensive but the county market on campus has hiked up prices so it's really not that different! I wish they had more variety though  there was a wide selection of fish and other sorts. Common Ground is comparable to Whole Foods except on a more local level. The pricing is not bad considering that it is going back into our community and thusly the process continues. I like the wide variety of organic and healthy juices "Very happy someone at the Market told me about this place on Saturday. Stopped in to get some dates They're pretty similar to the other international food store. I usually just visit whichever one is least out of my way. This is the smaller of the two  and they have a very extensive cheese and olive selection at the deli counter.  There is a large variety of canned goods including pickled vegetables "This store has been bought out by the people who own Bombay restaurant Prices are reasonable and on the whole comparable to Strawberry Fields; some items may be a little more Also the lunch counter makes awesome sandwiches and very good Thai food (owner's husband is Thai and used to operate one of the best restaurants in Bloomington "Tucked away in the back of this natural food store is the most awesome thai deli!  the Mussleman Curry Chicken with egg is a must try.  FANTASTIC!  The flavor is outstanding.  I'm hooked!  I also love the basil beef  etc. You won't miss big chain natural food stores once you visit this place!  Go out and support this wonderful locally owned business." Had to share an actual picture of the deliciousness this time. Mussamen chicken curry with egg. Love this menu item! "Love this place! Always a friendly smile to greet you and they have a great selection of vitamins and organic products. And They know their supplements and food in and out. They carry the best brands in the industry. This is my goto spot for my health as they have always been their for me when I needed them most. I believe that they typically get their shipments in on Fridays.  Sometimes they even have random seafood products like Littleneck Clams or Blue Crab.  I made it a point not to have Friday classes so that I could stalk out this place in the morning to get fresh stuff to make for the weekend.  This place rocked."  some of it is somewhat dirty and the fruit is not always the freshest."  but usually AmKo or Green Onions are  much better." "Asian grocery store in a super cramped building. They've got a good selection of canned  cheap produce and lots of imported canned and boxed food." This is the Asians' Asian grocery store."  and they are friendly to ""white people"" (K.H.) as long as you are respectful to them not obnoxious." The best time to pick up groceries at Far East are Thursday evenings or Fridays because these are days when they receive fresh shipments of produce  fresh eats. Employees are friendly and will help carry heavier purchases (like sacks of rice) to your car."  which was a pleasant surprise. Prices are reasonable but its a pain that they only accept cash or check. (Typical Asian establishment rule  this is likely your best bet. The grocery store is rustic and it almost feels as though you step into an inner city market in another country when you visit Far East Market. They take both checks and cash but do NOT accept credit."  I'm spoiled by the Asian groceries in my area. But this spot does ok."  don't forget! And they look a little uninviting with the concrete exterior and tiny house-door but inside it's a wonder land." But the best thing of all are the owners. They are extremely nice and helpful. They always ask about how I am doing and let me know any new interesting things going on with them or in the store. they also give good recipes and recommendations. It's really cozy and I feel so invited every time. I am sad that I'll be done with college soon and will be moving. I wish I could take the store with me."  the store does serve my needs for Asian-specific cooking ingredients and has a convenient location on my way home from work. The young woman who usually works at the cash register speaks perfect English and knows where everything is (nonsensically) located I wish I lived in between Far East and World Harvest!" "" how do you fix this..or what do you do with this"" and they tell me..awesome" Great place to get Asian Food!  probably because they make up prices as they go. Something is fishy about this place  and the equipment looks pretty outdated. Doesn't accept cards. Can be inconvenient." Really don't recommend to shop in this store. Lots of foods are expired and still on the shelf for sale.  and fresh lemongrass. They have all the weird shit you need to make your stinky ass Asian dishes. They have a ton of cool sweets too."  its a hole in the wall and its a ma and pop shop that has grown a little bigger over the years  this is an unsavory practice as a business. Who knows how long the meat has been left out. Perhaps they're letting certain items thaw so that customers can cook immediately after purchase  great employees. Produce was awesome! Got a durian today. Going back tomorrow with my husband. Lots of stuff to choose from here."  they often round down the price so you don't have to go scrambling for loose change. The staff also let me exchange my rice when I picked up the wrong kind even without the receipt." various kinds of food can satisfy my needs but the quality. You will often buy expired food and food without expiration date. Cannot imagine the poor quality of some food. They just put expired food at the most obvious place on the shelf.  I will continue to come here for my grocery needs."  lack of free wireless makes academic types very sad. Nearly every other coffee shop around has wireless "fun place to stop for a treat if you're trecking across campus.  perfectly located just off the quad on wright st.  pretty good flavor and rather fresh.  they stopped making my favorite  piece in their collection; the earl grey truffle The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that it is a bit over priced. $10 for 4 chocolates. Know what you're getting into." "This place has a variety of exotic drinks and chocolates but it is kinda pricey. I could have gotten better chocolates at that price elsewhere because theirs taste like Hershey's. The drinks are worth trying but it is not great. I love that they have a nice view from the second storey especially but they DO NOT offer free wi-fi. So  I'll be both! Their dark chocolate bars are pretty cheap and pretty yummy. I think I'm going to make this a regular pit stop from now on. The guy at the counter's pretty nice and patient too... though I guess this is the trend in small towns like Champaign."  I just remembered that the last time I was pulled in there by my fiancee because she ""had to have something sweet"" I went to sit down in one of the big chairs to wait for her and there was melted chocolate all over it. Not cool."  no wi-fi.  Are coffee places even allowed to not have wireless anymore?" "Bittersweet review.. I loved Moonstruck!!!!  I really missed having a chocolate cafe around when I left Champaign.. I loved the dark chocolate circles resting on the pillow of whipped cream floating on a dark chocolate heaven of delicious creamy liquidy chocolatey goodness.  I also loved the times when I was able to indulge in an expensive bite of a chocolate truffle (especially loved that dark chocolate truffle shaped like a cute little dog).  I had discovered there was one in San Francisco  but I can't give it any stars any more because it's closed!  That seemed kind of sudden!  I wonder what happened / what is going to go in there instead.  Panera pleeeaaasssseeeee." What?????  Moonstruck is closed?????????  That was my favorite date place ever!  Their vanilla icecream sundaes with chocolate fudge are to die for... no joke!!  I will never find a place that even comes close to how amazing their sundaes are when I'm on my cute lil dates with my boyfriend.  I never want to go on another date again =(  your'e like that kid in high school I felt ambivalent about only to find out he's now in jail.  I'm sad for you I find the bakery to be the highlight regarding the food.  The pandulce was excellent - if a bit more fresh (than Ranch Market) given the way it's stored behind a glass case rather than self-service.  The conchas and pineapple empanadas were soft They have  a cool market with hard to find tools to make your own Mexican feast Also - the bakery is excellent! You can visit twice a week for a year and try something new each time. The stuffed churros are particularly delicious."  if you are downtown looking for authentic Mexican this is the place.  Of course it is super casual take out or seat yourself kind of place so don't  try to flatter your date here! But get there early  and check out the murals...they are classic." This place is real and it a phoenix landmark  I am thoroughly happy with the variety of flavors in the meat items.  The meat is always moist and flavorful."  and most of the items in the market/butcher shop scare the bejebus out of me. It is not anywhere near ""authentic mexican"" (if you see a burrito or a chimi in mexico  super colorful with different Mexican scenes muraled on to the walls."  excited about their lower prices on what they had.. found my tortillas along with freshly grilled green peppers  they have a huge charcoal grill setup in the parking lot on weekends. You can get cooked whole chickens and full racks of ribs for around 8 bucks. They also cook fresh green chiles. A great alternative on game days when you don't have time to setup the grill before the game starts. Just run down and pick something up fresh off their grill!" apCfJVnRyaw6oVUBKujpUQ  and the surroundings obviously arent their fault  be sure to check out the murals on the walls."  rice and beans had me FULL... so I will be back for you my little cookie.. yes... I will be back!!!" I ordered the Super Nachos and they were so good! I didn't want to stop eating them and literally gorged myself until I couldn't lift another chip into my mouth." I'll be back to try something different." If only it was open later..." Oh and also I've seen that Super Burrito and it would feed a small village ... seriously. Also  painfully.  I will return to tolteca with visitors to Phoenix craving something authentic." This place is a fun restaurant to take out-of-towners to get the full Mexican food experience.  A big  one reccommendation: get the ELOTE along with whatever you decide to get.  Its corn on a stick covered in mayo and queso- delicioso.  if you really want a treat  the Ranch Market is right down the street so I'd likely go there instead of La Tolteca next time but that is a fairly high standard."  Ritos (14th St/Roosevelt) or Los Charros (10th St/VanBuren) instead."  you can get the leaves here to make at home." I will give La Tolteca another chance..." Good if you got the craving for mexican food. Easy on the wallet too."  this place is a gigantic bakery with terrific sweets and cakes."  and it's unfortunate that I didn't find it until after I moved out of Phoenix.  I'll be sure to stop by every time I visit though Went for a quick lunch today and am so happy.  I have found a new spot to add to my best Mexican places in the valley.  I had the chilaquiles and WOW they were amazing.  So much flavor alone then I added the Habenero salsa and it was like a bomb going off spicing up the dish just right.  They also have the Pepsi in the bottle which I got for my beverage.  The rest of the menu looked amazing and they have $1 tacos for the value minded people.  Definitely check this place out you won't regret it.  but the prices are small.  Save room on the way out because their bakery is top notch!"  too - they have a great pastelera too" "I always find myself here before flights out of Sky Harbor. Just like walking into a mercado! Yummy stuff. Haven't tried everything on the menu  and really there is no reason not to like this place.  The bakery sells some absolutely great items.  It is your friendly Go during daylight hours...park in the very safe ""hooker patrolled"" parking lot...avert your eyes from the public urination (""ma'am...that's really not appropriate"":) and have a super burrito or a couple of tamales at La Tolteca...eat 'til you're happy:)"  I'm tempted to walk out with a (paid-for) molcajete. Instead I kinda want to buy the tortilla making stuff and try my hand at home made tortillas. Maybe I will next time I'm there :)" Why did it take me nearly 2 years of living downtown to finally make it here?  something is missing from my combination dinners. I have ordered a side of supposedly ""fresh"" tortilla chips  house made tortilla and filling! I always order green chile  and it's priced  sooo right.  I'll be back for sure next time I'm in Phoenix."  I'm an atmosphere buff.  There were so many cool things to check out in this multi-plex  consistent Mexican food!" This place is just genuine." I'd go back if I just needed something quick...." Every person reading this needs to do themselves a favor and endure the trip to Central Phoenix for this place. If you love Mexican food (especially chilaquiles) My only complaint was that my carne asada burrito was more tortilla and beans then meat." I also really like the market they have. A really great place to have in the neighborhood." If you haven't been you gotta check this place out."  the ""super burrito"" remains its main attraction.  So whether you are looking for a new taste or an authentic one I really liked the chips." Any place that can provide me tamales on a whim is A Ok! to me!! Great menu for breakfast. Authentic Mexican dishes and lots of choices. Also a market so you can buy things to go. Their food is fresh and yummy! Can't beat that! Prices are really cheap too! So long Filiberto's!!  there are many excellent pastries to try and the salsa bar has more variety than you can find at the more common walk up Mexican eateries. As for all the comments on the parking lot being shady AWESOME!  Feels like you are walking into Mexico. The food is fantastic. Don't be scared away by what part of town it's in- it adds to the experience! Be sure to get a pastry to go Gracias & Happy Eating" The food is fantastic. I haven't had any disappointments for the 7 years I've been eating there. You can get some real authentic food here. If there are Mexicans in a Mexican food restaurant  their meat with red and green chili tostadas were sublime. The meager hot dog does not stand a chance when you have a choice. Although the apple empanadas were more popular I am going to have to urge for adventure. The pineapple empanadas knocked it out of the park and were a nice doughy light contrast to many of the heavy greasy versions I have tried elsewhere.  If they can do this well catering  and shredded cheese. If you order the fish dinner it comes with the head on. Very tasty. Meats you won't find anywhere else So that's that. I really don't think I'll be back. I have no desire to explore the bakery case and there's way too many small taquerias around to take any more chances with this high-volume I will for sure be back and I know anytime my Mom visits this is a must eat place for her."  and a roasted pepper - on a sesame bun.  Worth ever literal penny you will pay for them."  or even some arroz con leche (rice pudding) at the panaderia (bakery). Even if you (like me) ordered too much and don't have any room left for sweets Had lunch here yesterday and have to say that they have great carne asada burritos.  Fresh Food and a huge portion.  Definitely the best burrito I have had in Phx.  The only downside is the neighborhood--probably not the best place to be at night.  Reminds me of Taquerias in the mission district of San Francisco--yummy  etc etc.. The only let down has been the Fish taco.. it's just kinda dull.. but why eat that when there are the OMFG FALL OVER SO GOOD shrimp tacos. Also the environment is unique  but the seating area is rather large. Sometimes the service gets a bit backed up "Service is fairly decent. Don't expect to hear ""can I help you here"" but a ""what do you need"" look. The food is a little above average. Serving size is large  it is just simple and delicious. I have been back for the huevos rancheros and love the runny eggs and beans and fresh tortillas  and next time I'll actually eat there." "Hands down the best flour tortillas I have ever had. I had a carne asada burrito and I couldn't tell you what the meat tasted like because all I can remember is that tortilla. It was soft  self-proclaimed food eater extraordinaire could not fathom eating one of those). The prices are ridiculously cheap  and will be trying something different.  Their menu is pretty extensive with several traditional dishes (including menudo  pastries looked delicious and the overall vibe of the place was cool. But our burritos were not great. Moved to Phoenix 6 years ago and have yet to find anything close to a Bay Area burrito. What is so hard about having the whole thing heated through?? Still searching." Make sure to try the habanero salsa and chilaquiles. I insist! The chicken ones are the best in my opinion. It's probably enough for two people to share as a meal (or if you're a glutton like me you can eat the whole thing by yourself and be miserable). Also had the bacon breakfast torta today--amazing! Kept stealing bites from my dining partner in crime. have yet to be disappointed by anything here but the chilaquiles are definitely what I come for."  and you get that smell with you in your clothes. I went over a week ago with some coworkers as an ""appreciation "" meal Good selection of food but I think you have to make it your own if not you get a pretty basic plate such as shredded meat of your choice with green or red sauce. I go with the grilled carne asada burrito with jalapenos which are fresh and cooked as well. Even the vegetarian burrito with fajita veggies is delish. To make it even better they have a habenero salsa that is awesome! But BEWARE you will come out and smell like you been standing in front of the bbq grill pretty much from the smoke of their inside grill. Also try their sweet breads! Peace. "La Tolteca is Restaurant/Bakery/Market and sells the best authentic Mexican food I've ever had in the states.  The atmosphere is fast paced/to-go style and there isn't a thing on the menu that isn't to die for!  No need to get dressed up It's almost enough to make me wish I lived downtown." Theres also a Mexican grocer in the back to check out with all the real goods to take home and cook."  as is the green tomatillo/avocado sauce.  The meats / fish are tender and marinates are tasty.  The portions are to huge (if there is one item to complain about).  Awesome bakery too...especially the tres' leche cake." Amazing!  Order the super nachos to go!! "6/22/12 Me and my Friend went in for lunch we got there at 12:59pm and 25 mins. Later we got our order.  The staff including the one's in charge gave no face contact to avoid having to answer the question how much longer from the crowd that gathered waiting for their food.  No one offered a sorry for the wait anything but then it also looked like the staff didn't speak English... With that being said I was for sure thought that the food would be top notch  Mexican food wonderland! I had the Torta Cubana (basically everthing in teh entire world plus an egg) that was the best I've ever had  which this restaurant has failed at (signage). It was nothing too special. Tortilla's were good! But that's not enough to bring me back."  just order at the counter and wait for your magic number to be called.  There are so many tempting things around you to eat while you are waiting which just makes you feel like you are waiting forever.  They serve beer here so that's good to know.  If you are looking for a restaurant experience then go somewhere else.  The burritos are HUGE and the plates all come with rice and beans (this is important to me LOL) the salsas are all very good.  I will be eating here again!" apCfJVnRyaw6oVUBKujpUQ "Had a much better visit then 1 year prior.  My Order was ToGo.  The A la carte Taco's were generous on the meat and flavor.  Especialy the Tripa and Pastor.  The Carne asada was my least favorite.   The Chile Rellano was very nice.  The  Bakery Items that I enjoyed were the Bread Pudding This place has great fresh cooked and made mexican food.  Out of all the mexican places in Arizona (which are alot but awful) I will go back here They shared a giggle.  They were speaking in that half-assed Spanish that has a little English mixed in. Suffice it to say I was offended and promptly cancelled the order. I have not returned since then"  terrible. It was all really inedible as was the Menudo that my girlfriend ordered. Disgusting. Also people are in there at 10am drinking large beers "If you want true Mexican food at a very reasonable price  el pastor gorditas and chicken chimichangas are some of my favorites. The prices are also very affordable!"  received a drum stick and half a chicken back.  Not a drum and a thigh like any other chicken place on the planet."  it was a delicious cut of breaded beef with melted cheese and loads of iceberg lettuce. My mother ordered the shrimp fajitas and they were scrumptious. I would go there again any day and probably would be there regularly if I lived in the area." Really awesome mexican food! I got the super burrito for my first time here and it was excellent! I will return! :D You owe it to your taste buds to stop here." You'll also walk through the Mexican bakery on the way in and out. Lots of displays of authentic Mexican baked goods."  and tortillas special on Thursdays and the Pork Carnitas special every Friday for under $12 which feeds a family of 6. Not only is it delicious but very inexpensive. They also have the best Salsa bar in town." Not good. Sorry. I can get pass the decor if the food was good. Keep going. Big warehouse style with table and chairs at the end. Some good reviews???? Must be the workers.  No Flavor unless you add the sauce (a lot)! The server was very kind. So close to Mexico we thought it would be a no brainer.  there is an area that is more like a small grocery store; we did not explore it."  or to have some more delicious cabeza."  order your meal and go by some dirt cheap pastries while you wait."  cerveza friendly atmosphere. Feels like Hermosillo. Get some pastries to go."  i think they cater too.  They have a panderia along with fresh tortillas to go!" "Now that they have a delivery service I love them even more! Your great food delivered downtown Phoenix via BikeForceUS couriers is as ""green"" as it gets! RideOn!!! Love you guys :)"  this is a great option for solid Mexican food and really delicious pastries!"  which is a good thing. This place has definite high points and low points. La Tolteca has very good cheese and beef tamales....the cheese tamales are very spicy and the beef is well seasoned and delicious and they both only cost 2$ each. They also have a really good salsa bar with delicious salsa verde. There are other things that are less awesome such as the carnita sopes  and fixed the problem quickly and with a smile. Overall I love coming here. Great Mexican food in the heart of Phoenix." "Tried this place out of the blue looking for a new lunch spot and I was impressed. They have a huge selection of food with some fantastic smells when you walk in. Everything is charcoal grilled and tastes pretty authentic when compared to most of the other mexican places I've been to around the valley. Great value for what you pay  and another says they are looking for a baker. No idea how old the signs are." FYI- show up w/ an appetite Bc portions are big."  etc. They have a really good bakery here also. They do all their grilling over wood and the food has that great flavor. I sometimes get chicken and ribs to go from here and it is always really good. This place has been in Phoenix a very long time I'll be back to La Tolteca. Five stars no hesitation." Good authentic Mexican food and panaderia. The price of the platters was slightly higher ($7-10  a plate) than I expected but the flavor and quality reflected that.  we were told the menu has changed even though the changes are not noted on the posted menu and they weren't happy that we didn't like the changes.  After all these years of going there - not again!!!!!" I love you La Tolteca. Thank you for making my life so much nicer and saving me crom mediocre food!!" "This was a sadness pile on a failure plate.   I have had worse but never in a place so widely considered a treasure by the Yelping community.  From recent reviews it looks like this place is a shell of its former glory and that's sad Just a note this place smells from some kind of fire grilling so you will also smell that way when you leave."  not slathered in sauce. Ceviche Tostada is one of a kind and excellent. Carne Asada good but not as excellent as the rest. Pastries super yummy and the tortillas (to bring home) are house made and fresh. Oh yeah "This place is outstanding.  Not in a real good neighborhood but who cares.  The menu is great.  We even get the meat alacarte to go with homemade toritillas and bring home for another dinner.  The price is inexpensive.  Everything taste great. I am from San Diego apCfJVnRyaw6oVUBKujpUQ  the meat was not Milanesa and they put about two cups of iceberg lettuce" This is my go to spot when I need a lot of salsa and don't have the time or patience to make my own. And I generally feel quite like the proud genius for my idea  and good atmosphere. I love the food here and the prices. Amazing place to eat during breakfast Foods great!! Try the burrito al pastor with green enchilada sauce!!! Atmosphere is OK but its what you would expect from traditional Mexican food place. Would defiantly go back and beans were good.. but the rest.. well.. in the trash" but told them to cook the steak in there grill(they use real charcoal!!!) the girls told me that it's going to take 20mins extra.. I said that was fine.. sure enough.. the carne asada tasted waaaay better!!! wow!!!!! still needs to  improvement.."  quality is good and prices are low. Every time I go I fail to order the 1/2 chicken off the grill and regret it... maybe I'll get smart one of these days."  11 (and counting) of our 23 are now sick from food poisoning."  2014) PLEASE CALL: Paola at (602) 506-7171 to report your experience. We do not want anyone else to become ill. 11 people from our party have already become very sick. Thank you." I've been here a few times and each time has been good. This is not high class dining - it is down home Mexican cooking. They use some mixture of gas and charcoal - as you step inside you can see some smoky haze. The prices are low and the food is good.  since it pulled a disappearing act. I miss this place. I used to go there for a periodic lunch. It's so authentic and tasty!" Thank you La Tolteca for a wonderful dining experience. The anticipation and excitement leading up to the meal was a prelude to the roller coaster of a ride presented afterwards. I give you 5 stars because no where else can you get so much fun and excitement for $5.99." "Will never go here again. Carne Asada had no flavor  the portions are generous and prices are modest. It really doesn't get any better than this. Try it I just had a fish taco and carne burrito. Started with the fish taco and that was awesome. Next onto the big guy which didn't disappoint either. Great taste and flavor.  it's great any time of day.  You could try to save room for one of the pastries in the glass case located in the market portion of the restaurant (just behind the counter where you order as the market and restaurant seem to bleed together)  and chilaquiles and a michelada are the perfect hangover cure.  Just nene to have more consistent hours and quicker service at the register.  Usually quick  of course. No flavor on either - I guess they really rely on their salsa bar. The carnitas bordered on inedible due to the very hard crust on the meat. Might try this again someday just to try to see how it got so many 5-star reviews I have been coming to this place for as long as I can remember. I like having the torta cubana here. I wish they still had the ice cream tho... I love it that the restaurant smells like delicious smoked meats. I had the chilaquiles with carnitas and it was very tasty and a lot of food. The meat was very flavorful and a mixture of crispy and juicy. The salsas from the salsa bar are very good too. The atmosphere is very vivid and friends have said it looks like something right out of Rocky Point. "We are from out of town and was staying at a local hotel. Our family loves hole in the walls. On our way out of town we saw this place and decided to stop in. I love the smell of the authentic Mexican establishment. We were behind 6 fireman that were ordering their lunch. Watching their food be prepared was a treat. But not as much as our treat when we ate our food. We had the shrimp salad This is ok but won't return"  long live La Tolteca! :-("  some decorations and balloons. The staff is friendly and helpful. Even though this store is bright fuchsia it's still hard to miss so keep your eyes peeled when driving by."  many in bulk. The staff is always friendly and helpful. I come here and I stock up on my favorite snacks I totally dislike this candy store to begaig with i went to this place 5 minutes before they close and the open sign wasn on.  They said its close come back tomorrow at 9am I went next day at 9am but it was still close never open waited there for 30 minutes and  I went to another candy store the name is Mayra's the lady was very helpful and nice!!!!!!! and thanks for letting me express my self......  disrespectfull and unhelpfull. The tables were dirty and breaking apart the chairs were filthy. I agree with the previous comment that the pinatas are nice and sturdy but thats about it."  Mexican Sun Hats or Non FDA Approved Drugs this is your place. I have found myself spending a good 30 minutes perusing stuff that any middle aged Irishman needs. I have pleased many family and friends with Pico Rico Birthday Plates!!" ypj60fU8wsiOkMjxayBgGg "DO NOT BUY from here! I preordered a piata a month prior the occasion and PAID for it. I called to check on my order "This is my spot for carne asada when I want to make my boyfriends week and prepare taco stand on the bbq.  I called up a friend one Saturday when the craving hit Wonderful spot for Carne asada! I dont speak much spanish but this place was very helpful in helping me plan a big taco dinner.  Muy authentico! Trata de ser siempre bien claro con lo Que vas a pedir ya son varias veces Que me ponen mas carne de la Que pido yo entiendo Que quieran vender mas pero esa no es la mejor manera!!!  one type of sausage. They say they have grass fed meats I don't know how one can write a review without buying one thing and trying it."  which I was looking most forward t. It was very poor compared to other Omaha products. Had to throw part of steak away "I love this place the steaks are the bomb. Got to look for the deals inside your mailbox unbeatable prices but it was just from an old coupon. I said thank you and that I appreciated that. I made a comment that there probably should be dates on coupons to avoid future issues. Fred mumbled something and when asked to repeat it  just three short miles north on Central.  You just can't beat a breakfast of a lovely hot Chai latte and a bagel and cream cheese...all for about $5.  LIke I said  when they do outside BBQ lunches. Great side dishes and great sandwiches all around. I just wish there was more than one Thursday per week."  they should provide a blood donor center at the entrance to give cash on the spot for shoppers plasma. I HATE huge markets. Fry's too big. Safeway just right. AJ's just right and then some. The produce section is perfection. Not mounds and mounds of produce you know is wrinkling and rotting more than Bea Arthur in season 6 of the Golden Girls. Cute little baskets hold just enough fruit and veggies to select from and not too much where you know it's all riddled with germs and spiddle. The meats and cheeses? Oh  I have always loved AJ's selection. Now I love them even more after discovering my new favorite Italian meritage. Cheers!" My favorite grocer... Each location has something a little different.  FLW and Thompson Peak has great sushi! and their bakery is heavenly.  flowers all under one roof -- plus Castle Boutique is just one block over.  Score!"  and press your nose up on the bakery's glass display case showcasing it's decident sweet goods and dont' shoplift any cheese! Talk shop with the butchers and be inspired by all the products in the store. Even chat up an employee or two  speciality store. pricey  cheesy and so NEW YORK style.  I usually get myself a pizza and a Henry Weinhardts bottled Root Beer and I'm set.  Throw away that Domino's number and give AJ's a call!"  unlike other stores this size such as Trader Joes which drives me crazy. I really liked the choice of veggies since there is nothing better than a good salad or side dish. The meat counter has a great selection of meats and fish along with a few products put together for you and just cook. If I could not find somethng they often would order it for me and that was wonderful. Good cheese selection too is great. One thnig I did not usually enjoy was the pastry  they're just full of overpriced products that are priced for the sake of being overpriced.  And adding molded wooden facades to every corner of the store doesn't help much either."  this is the place to buy flowers for you honey.  I grew up next to one of the most well known florists in Phoenix (who has appeared on radio shows and in magazines) and when she can't help me because she is to busy This place is like a Whole Foods mixed with Trader Joe's.  They have such a wonderful variety of fresh items and local items! I luv to buy their local salsa's there!! If you are in the area...pick up a bottle with the two bumble bees on the front (can't remember wat the name is) but it is yummy stuff!!!  when the store was called Euromarket. Talk about nostalgia -- you could grab a Bianco pizza and eat outside with only a ten minute wait!"  parties...etc. (HINT HINT: Buy me flowers!!!) I also like to buy a fresh single stem or two and whip up a simple yet funky piece for the nightstand or dinner table. It just looks so fresh and chic and smells nice." Mng1FUcW-xRSdsDkowQm2Q  you'd still have to be the Prince of Dubai to be able to afford a lamb chop and a jar of imported chutney (or whatever people who cook put in their food)." I would highly recommend AJ's to anyone who seeks a high quality product and wants the resource of knowledgeable grocers.  AJ's truly is the purveyor of fine foods!"  I may lack the knowledge of of really really great meatloaf... and AJ's is just ""OK""... so if you have a favorite meatloaf place I didn't think I would find a replacement for Huckleberries Natural Market in Spokane. Well A few cautions - some out-of-date items still on the shelves (two weeks ago it was eggs) and one barista/bakery worker who has been there for years who just can't get an order done. They also seem to be closing earlier."  but do expect to find really delicious and appealing products in every isle!  Also "It's expensive. It's smaller than most AJ's. But guess what? There's not many places like this in central Phoenix. It's hard to get quality cuts of meat  but not too rich. Creamy and buttery and oh so good. I needed to get Nico's uncle a birthday cake on Monday and just HAD to get us a champagne cake. I sent have of the leftovers home with Johnny and I single handedly finished the rest over two days. Maybe they make single portion sizes? Oh why lie  just a great experience!" A great alternative to the plethora of ghetto grocery stores in central Phoenix."  you get what you pay for. The remainder of that star comes off because the patrons are completely insufferable. I practically have to elbow bitches out of the way to get my number at the bakery. This ain't Last Chance The same exact stuff you get at safeway for more $.  I will shop at Sprouts.  Hey AJ... GFYS."  but it's so fun to shop there. It reminds me a little family run places when I lived in Cali. The produce section is so fresh looking. When you first walk in you're hit with gorgeous flowers  or unless you think one of the sommeliers is hot. 2 stars for the awesome beer selection." $4.89 for my salad and I'm a full happy camper.  Minus one star for having too big for me chicken chunks." "Very nice grocery store indeed. Everything is well organized and not messy at all. The fruits were definately of decent quality PS there are 5-6 rows of specialty barbecue sauces "Poped into this AJ's last night after going to Gallo for dinner. We got here 5 minutes after they closed Coworker is an Organic NUT so he asked if I wanted anything back for lunch. A Turkey Sandwich no mayo I say. Not 10 min later he calls and rattles of 15 diff types sides @ $4.59 a pound that can come with the sandwich. WOW. While the food is fresh and yuppish....I would rather not pay these prices. Reminds me of WHOLE FOODS IN CA. smh...wont be back. P.S. - You must try their pretzel bread!!!  OMG!!!"  replaced with some line of stevia sweetened soda.  Now I can't just ride the lightrail to get it...I have to get in my car and go to a bevmo or total wine.  So sad...."  the staff are even better than the products they serve. If you are broke or on a diet All in all the I've had better catered food for Thanksgiving at Chicken Express when I visited my cousin in Texas. AJ's Fine Foods did not deliver the quality that I was expecting. We could have made something better ourselves. I will say however that AJ's does have a large assortment of beer."  they have free samples at the bakery so I usually take a bite or two of that and consider it my dessert!" The fish was good but as I ate it I couldn't help but wonder if it was any better than what I could have gotten somewhere else." Mng1FUcW-xRSdsDkowQm2Q  but I wish they would add kale greens and liquid amino in their salad bar like Whole Foods."  with your choice of lemon or orange slices.  The only problem?  Frequently long lines.  But super great and friendly service.  Don't forget to pick up a brownie or tiramisu.  Oh yeah Expensive.  The deli needs a lot of work.  Their pastas and deserts are way too overpriced for the quality. Chocolate mousse tasted like whipped cream with hershey's syrup blended in. Overcooked cold large prawns were so bad I had to return the item. "This is a great store and has been there for as long as i can remember.  Yet it still always looks clean and fresh.  The selection of products is off the Hook as they say.   (They) the young generation.   They absolutely have everything that you could imagine.       Of course there is a drawback!!!   The Price  loves it.  I've heard ""this is the best cake I've ever eaten"" from everyone that tastes it.  We only found this by accident.  We needed a cake and didn't want to pay upwards of $30.00.  We saw on AJs website that they reduce the cost of one cake each month from $25 to $20.  This cake happened to be the one that was on sale The day I picked them  up a very nice girl in the floral dept. helped me out. The flowers were amazing! I will for sure be going back here for floral needs!" "Alright seriously if you rate AJ's less than 5 than you're a buffoon.  Seriously think about this for a minute.  AJ's offers top quality products and specialty items that you can't find at your typical supermarket.  IE. Langoustines.  Is the store pricey? Yes  the more i fall in love with this store. i love cooking and this is the only place where i can get those ""weird"" ingredients."  only charity never sends me home with full bags of gourmet groceries after I write them a check."  the young man remained gracious and kind and never said and unkind word or even gave an unkind glance while this woman was attempting to belittle and humiliate him in front of customers. She is lucky that I was too shocked by her behavior to say something at the time  despite some of the bad press here." The bakery here is amazing.  We order cakes here regularly for business and they are beautiful and delicious.  It's also nice to see a place that still values great customer service.  if I drank coffee this looks like a place I would want to sit out front and have a cup on a regular basis."  they ALWAYS over charge me!  As if their prices weren't high enough to begin with!"  most of the time meaning they could not identify a tri-tip or flat meat cut if their life depended on it. AJs has a good selection of a wide variety of international foods. My main reason for this trip was DARK or BLACK Sesame oil. Check!" "Great custom bakery! We ordered a chocolate cake for a big birthday cake Meat and chicken is high a quality-customer service gets three stars though-unfriendly staff at times-with high prices they charge excellent customer service should be an expectation.  without telling you they will first...so that sucked but otherwise this place is decent."  especially the butcher. Need a special cut of beef? No problem!  Just tell them what you need and they're happy to help."  most things were also very expensive and so I was proud of myself for leaving the store without spending a ton of money. I will be back though Super disappointed with my treatment at the AJ's. Will stay away from here from now on and I would definitely NOT recommend anyone else to shop here. A number of employees could care less about you  and to pick up those few items you need at the grocery store." Really happy with how the meal I got from this place turned out. I got a banana chip muffin (low fat) and a large coffee (raw sugar had to be requested) and not much could be said about anything wrong with the experience. This was a five star slammer. I loved everything about it and the next time I'm in Phoenix (I live in Los Angeles and work in the entertainment industry) I will definitely be coming back. Thanks A.J. My favorite at any location. They make there own Sushi. A lot of the Delhi food is hand made. Only the best.  I only shop at AJ's for a few particular items.  Out of the produce The store was practically dead the whole time I was wandering around. The staff outnumbered the patrons BY FAR. How do these places stay in business? You won't get more money from me AJ's!"  they're a little over priced and you could get the same price anywhere else you know? But overall a cute atmosphere without lines..ever!"  now that Wal-Mart carries Nathan's Famous pickles and I won't be able to buy my bath products here anymore I love love love the customer service.. I was sorry to see the Aj's go in my neighborhood.. but its worth the drive! Not sure if it's this location or they just had a bad day "Friendly knowledgeable staff and great fresh food. Sometimes the value of certain things isn't there and wish they used more organic or quality ingredients when preparing foods and what they carried at the salad bar. The tomatoes are the worst I'll stop by over and over again for their coffee.  I'm not much of a Starbucks girl :)" The seafood and prime beef here can't be beat. If you watch for the sales when they have 50% off prime steaks and their awesome seafood events you can get some great deals on top grade meat. They also have some really great produce and I actually come here more often for fruit and veggies.  I've gotta say the most disgusting unsanitary bathrooms I've ever seen. Oh not to mention in the bistro they clean stuff off with dirty over used wash wrags. I'm surprised the health dept hasn't violated this dump yet. I hope they get shut down. Matter of fact I hope all Bashas loses all their stores! The bakery and other depts are forced to use old squeaky fallen apart equipment   AJ'S has an incredible wine selection and just about any exotic ingredient you need to find outside a normal grocery store.  It's fun to peruse the shelves Insider Secret: Check their website for events like Floral Happy Hour (50% off) Fridays at 4pm." From time to time they run 50% off on steaks. And their Kobe ground meat/burgers is to die for." The staff is always nice and friendly as well. I am glad AJ's is part of my neighborhood."  (I've always been dealt with  courteously and professionally) Her response was ""we have to follow the rules"".  Eddie is turning over in his grave."  who was absolutely amazing!!! He was so nice and helpful! Everything came out exactly the way to imagined. The taste was great and everyone loved them! Thanks AJ's for making delicious cupcakes and a 3 tiered cake!!! We would definitely use you again!" Twice in a row the person cutting my prosciutto has pressed it together into a ball of meat. Basically ruined. It's one of 3 items I bought and I treated its bag like a carton of eggs. This is not the location to splurge on pricy cuts. Lame. The store is going to get an expansion and remodel soon to compliment the remodeled Uptown Plaza too!" My favorite go to for lunch.  Their salad bar beats any AJs salad bar out there.  Always clean and friendly. Really bad experience today. I ordered this chocolate coated strawberries 45 count and I end up getting this 32 tiny strawberries and 13 bigger strawberries costing me $ 2.49 each. They never displayed the strawberries upon delivery and I feel cheated and frustrated.  you expect that the staff and management are ensuring that the food being sold is fresh and marked correctly. For such a small store Just a warning if you eat here and have allergies. they hire idiots who lack important knowledge that could KILL someone. Thanks for your concern AJs!!" "I stopped at AJ's twice this week for lunch. The first time I had a fantastic salad at their salad bar. The second time I ordered the AJ's Club. It's suppose to be a club sandwich "Not enough healthy selections "I like to stop by here for coffee and desserts. I've had the tiramisu and lava cake and both are really good. As far as grocery shopping goes Don't forget to bring your attitude when you shop. Seems the staff is trained to be uppity snots. Rude is what this place is. Never had customer service like this. The deli people and the man serving the pizza were down right assholes. In a world full of people thinking they are better than others this place exudes rudeness. Keep your over priced crap and your fake ass employees! So impressed with their beer selection! I don't see a lot of markets selling beer singles so this was like...beer heaven. Would definitely recommend! Here's the funny part. I went to take it back and told the manager about it and how it could've been a serious health hazard. I happen to know because I went to culinary school. I was really nice about it. Also hoping they would take care of me somehow in this situation. If anything the manager looked a little annoyed but gave me my money back. The frustrating part is I had to go find dinner somewhere else and all that was given to me was my money back. I still payed for the shrimp we bought. All $4.50 wasn't even discounted. I rarely do this. I just didn't want anyone else to get sick It's a great place for fresh food and specialty or unique items like spices or local BBQ sauce but don't plan on crossing all the items off your regular grocery list here."  everything done on time and absolutely perfect. The pistachio cake he recommended was TO DIE FOR! Definitely will return!" The bacon was good but the scrambled eggs were terrible!  They were watery and barely edible.  They tasted like powdered eggs and water were mixed in with regular eggs.  I would not eat the scrambled eggs in any form.  service is bad.  9 people waiting for service at the bakery but only a single employee serving. 4 walked away and gave up.  While waiting  I went to the deli counter and nobody was there. I could here 2 employees talking in the back room off the counter but neither was paying attention to the clientele.  After a 5 minute wait an employee serving hot meals barked to the staff that they had clients waiting.  If 5 people are in line at the cash they should open a second check out.  Lastly  and I would consider giving the create your own box of chocolate card as a present  they have to be amped up on sugar. What else is their to nibble on? Great service. Great candy. Great location. But where was the See's Candy professional to slap that 14th piece of candy out of my hand last night as I slipped into my my milk chocolate coma on my 600 thread count sheets  they have to be if you ever watched some people pick out a box of candy. I would be slapping them up against the wall. It is a nice open store with an abundance of product all of which I have eaten much too much over the years. I love the chocolate but I crave the peanut brittle it has to be taken away from me in order not to eat until I puke."  this I have always known. But the last time I was there they asked after I said we did not have the discount if I was a veteran. Wow discounts count whodathunk  this place is awesome because right when you walk in they have free samples! The store was very clean and the people who work here are exceptionally nice. I wanted to buy a Bordeaux bar (for my mom - its her fave). The girl behind the candy counter gave me a few Bordeaux samples since they were all sold out of the prepackaged ones. They offer city employees Keep up the fantastic work and the product you have there!" I love that they ALWAYS give you free chocolate and have amazing customer service all around. It is so much fun to go and hand pick a few treats for me and the roomies. The quality and uniqueness of their offerings make it definitely worth the trip. If you love chocolate then you should be asking yourself why you haven't stopped in before now. I am eating a pumpkin pie truffle right now that is rockin' my world Traveling back through my childhood by writing about these exceptional chocolates has made me realize something: these are some of the best truffles I've ever had Their peanut butter patties are the only chocolate peanut butter treat that fill my intense longing for my favorite girl scout cookies Lots of parking outside as well." Prices are great. We got 4 truffles for less than $3. In terms of quality  gotta keep the sweets on close watch ;) id return for more chocolates"  older lady at this location and much better reviews.  Purchased a 2 pound box of turtles.  She will love them. Which makes the drive totally worth it." Make sure to check if your employer is on their list to receive discounts I walked into See's for the first time since my childhood yesterday and was immediately greeted with a warm smile and shortly after another girl rushed over to me and handed me a sample chocolate with a smile. I told the lady I was looking for an anniversary gift and she showed and explained to me everything they had and helped me find the perfect gift and wrapped it so beautifully for me. I picked up some lollipops I remember loving so much when I was little and when ringing up at the register the lady who was helping me made sure I was happy with how she wrapped my gift and sent me off with more samples. such a wonderful experience and I'm so grateful for the wonderful lady's help making such a beautiful present. I can't wait to come back and pick up my favorite candies on a  regular basis from now on! thank you so much to all the wonderful ladies at See's! Thumbs up for great customer service in a world where it become more and more evasive." "Always an Incredible Pound of Chocolates and Candy ($17.85 Per Pound at this  Location.)  My favorites include:  Milk Chocolate's -  Peanut Butter Pattie You can't always believe what you read on the Internet.It says that the store on Camelback and Central is permanently closed.NOT.I CALLED AND THEY ARE OPEN.WE ARE ON OUR WAY.  not Swedish. They were Umlaut-laden names so I got confused."  quiet place. It's always nice to dine-in and enjoy the quiet atmosphere and feel like you're not in the big city for a short time. It may be hard to spot the store in that little strip mall  and all agreed you can get a similar sandwich at grocery stores and preferred even the likes of Sack's to this place. There is just nothing inventive about the sandwiches or anything that stands out here other then the friendly Mom and Pop ownership and sweet vintage sign." UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew  the best service around and just being in there you can feel the love and tradition of a family owned and operated business." As I was eating I had a yen for a Celery Soda to go with this classic sandwich but I've only been able to get them at Chompie's in the valley.  There are loads of interesting European cookies to get packages of as dessert so grab a couple of friends when you go but carpool as the lot is smallish.  I guess they stopped giving pickles with sandwiches  especially because they carry Lutefisk."  you can get out of their unscathed for a mere ten bucks. it's community seating inside so be prepared to go cozy." PS in the summer time you can get a fresh squeezed 32 ounce lemonade for a dollar. It is FANTASTIC.  And the iced tea is delicious and always fresh." I'm getting hungry just thinking about the place!"  so you can start sorting things in your head.  The first time I went in I ordered whatever struck my fancy first  I have to stop in for lunch...or breakfast (tasty breakfast egg sandwiches). Cheese 'N Stuff is a real treat and never disappoints."  but the sandwiches make up for all of that."  and the atmosphere was really cool. Just wondering what the difference is between pickles and cucumbers in brine. (50 cents  a gazillion choices of sandwiches and the like (I suggest looking at their web page and narrowing down your choice before going in)  Reasonable prices Easily one of the best sandwich shops around. Family owned and operated for the last 60 years. A great selection of subs and sides and even a few imported goodies. If you like sandwiches you owe it to yourself to check it out.  they run out of Yoo-Hoo's half the time." Dam I wish I would have known this place was here sooner. Really good sandwiches. They use Boars Head meat which I am a huge fan of. They have so many different sandwiches it took me a while to figure out what I wanted. The menu is kinda all over the place. There is a menu board but its old and fadeed but they have white papers with all the sandwiches hung up all over the wall. The staff  are very friendly and I'm sure this place has many regulars. Inside its a tight squeeze with limited seating. The macaroni salad is great as is the potatoe salad. I love the sicilian sub. The italian dressing on it is so really good and I think thats why I like this sub so much. My other fav is the club on wheat. Oh yeah I think Ill go there agin today. Sanwhiches range from $5.95-6.95.  an excellent location on Central & Camelback (near Dutch Bros!) I can't wait to bring the hubby back for him to try." The lack of atmosphere doesn't bother me; my one gripe with this place is how early they close.  There have been many times I haven't gotten moving early enough and haven't been able to get there before they close NOTE: Parking is sparse. Park across the street near the Applebees." Don't think elegant dining if you plan to eat here.  The inside is just some tables with tablecloths and very limited seating (almost picnic table style)." Brie/ Boar's Head Turkey/ Lettuce/ Tomato on Sourdough Bread." I lived in the neighborhood for a good year before trying this place. Shame on me! This is mom and pop at it's finest. Great portions of high quality meat and yummy breads. Price is such a good deal for what you get and it's always super fast service. My man and I usually split one sandwich and side and are happy full when done. I love the selection of Boar's Head meats as well as I can't find them at the Fry's down the street.  is that they have more stuff than cheese. I was really hoping for more cheese. A more accurate name would be Stuff 'n Cheese. Please Definately worth a try if you like deli sandwiches on the go." "Felt like I was home in NJ/NY at a deli The food meh and made with what seemed like bagged bread. You can look at my photos to see what I got. I think they speak for themselves." Cheese and stuff might be the.cutest little sandwich place on the planet. I love the Blazin Chicken!  Sandwich's are always fresh and tasty!  everyone.  We always ordered Beer Wurst Sandwitches with their famous Cheese Spread.  Try A dough boy  when I saw this place with a big banner that read ""delicatessen"" I was immediately pissed that I didn't know it was there and bought a sandwich at AJ's  which is their ""most popular"" sandwich and I know why. It was excellent and I highly recommend the restaurant." I've been going to this place for over 25 years and it is still a WONDERFUL (family-owned) place to get a sandwich!!! UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew This is my favorite deli in the valley.  Whenever I am in central Phoenix I work my schedule around making sure that I get to eat here.  They remember my name and ask about how my family is doing even when it's been months since my last visit.  The fact that you can see pictures of generations of family working behind the counter in one place really should mean something when trying to figure out why you should eat here instead of subway or some other massive chain.  I always get the new yorker.  This is the place everyone craves in their community for lunch and it exists! I can't wait to come back and try the Turkonberry or the Wild Turkey sandwiches. Both sound amazing!" UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew  do it.  Hard to go wrong here and I've tried all of the sandwiches.  Very good value.   Call ahead or prepare for a wait.  Tight on seating.  I prefer it during off hours to avoid the masses.  Skip the national chains and try this place if you're not yet hooked." "You can drive by this place forever and not know they have the best sandwiches in Phoenix!!  All of the ingredients are super fresh.  Biting in the bread is like biting into a little heaven cloud.  So soft and delicious it's almost not fair that other places have to compete.  I'm not a big fan of deli sides (potato salad  nice bread with Boar's head Buffaloed chicken.  Yes I can't rave enough about this place! Try it "Change your name. I went to cheese 'n stuff to buy cheese and the choices were laughable. It's not even a cheese shop. If your interested in purchasing cheese go to Duck & Decanter *Quick service too.  Got in "Shame on me for not having known about this wonderful little gem.  We tried to have lunch on a Monday and the place was packed.  Too bad we were in a hurry or we would have stayed.  So on friday I stopped in later in the afternoon.  The place was quiet and the young gal behind the counter was sweet and helpful.  I ordered a sandwich and german potato salad to go and am very pleased.  The sandwich was a good size  but the price for that would have bumped well into a $$ rating."  and friendly people. I work around the corner. . I will definitely be back." Really into this spot. Reminds me of a classic NYC deli. Sandwiches are tasty and the space is cozy.  The service is really friendly.. I recommend the tall lean Texan. "I have driven by this place for close to 10 years and have never stopped in...but wanted to.  A few weeks ago I came by and ordered a turkey sandwich to go.  The staff is so friendly  I'm putting it on my regular rotation."  and miss east coast deli's "Y-U-M! I can't wait to go back to this little gem. Try the ""Tyler"" it was delicious. They have so many menu options  dining area a little tight but who cares. Portions are right on for the quality you get. This isn't a subway   but menu is hard to read. ..a bunch of pages posted on the wall.  I like that is family owned the Sicilian Sub is fantastic Subs are tasty but small and expensive! Potato salad didn't  taste yammi  for me! Place by itself tiny! Cheese n' Stuff is one of the best businesses in the Valley.  They deserve your patronage." "Not the easiest place to find and very small - best as a takeout sandwich shop - but THE best sandwiches. Reminds me of a Jewish deli in New York "Hands down best sandwich shop in Phoenix! The sweetest family owned business; been around for over 60 years Amazing sandwiches! Stan and his family rock. The menu is not traditional and that is what make this place unique and better! I always get the Tyler but I've  had every sandwich and they all are delicious. Been coming here for 12 years. The place is an old deli and the feeling is very homey!! Give them a try! It's worth it. A Phoenix original!! This place reminds me of the east coast mom and pop delis I grew up with. It has a huge selection of sandwiches and subs so there's definitely something for everybody. I'll go out of my way for a sandwich here. Definitely gonna be my regular spot for a quick delicious sandwich."  cheese and toppings combinations in the entire city of Phoenix. Over 1 million sandwiches served. Friendliest family owned staff and the patrons were just as amazing. The only place I will go for a sandwich now. Whatever sandwich you can imagine... they have it. Must visit." This place makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside- what's better than an old school family owned and operated deli that serves up high quality sandwiches at great prices. I have been coming here for years and will continue to do so for years to come! "The best deli in central phx! Stan and his daughter run the place and are making sandwiches everyday! They use boars head meat and cheese so you know it's going to be great! Try the Tyler or the doughboy I have been enjoying Cheese 'n Stuff for 45 years.  Every sandwich is just delicious.  the cole slaw is incredible.  The bread selection and rolls are fresh every time.  I very good selection of Cold drinks.  Christmas cookies are lucky if they last a week at my house. They make great sandwiches  customize.  The prices are reasonable  and staff friendly  Golden Rule and Stinkweed's parking lot) or prepare to fight for a spot in front of it."  unique grocery items and awesome people! Stan and Crystal are great and they have our order memorized. The Bizmark on Rye no cheese (stupid lactose intolerance) is amazing. Try to eat it at least once a week. my wife has been eating the #5 since she was a little girl!" Stopping in after Sweet Salvage with my husband and two friends we were both surprised and pleased with the wide selection of sandwiches and the excellent service. What a great way to cap off a day of shopping! "I lived on the East Coast (Rhode Island) for about 20 years and this place reminds me of the very best mom and pop deli's that seemed to be on every other corner. Wonderful good solid sandwiches and sides. What you see is what you get. Great quality "Forget your chains! Cheese and Stuff is the real deal! They've got the best sandwiches in town and Stan is a master craftsman! The Lebanon bologna sandwich is to die for  that's how much I love the stuff!  I stopped by Cheese 'n Stuff to find some nice wedges for a cheese plate.  The father daughter duo working the counter were seasoned pro's at working long line that forms around lunchtime.  I also ordered a sandwich for lunch and it was packed with meat and cheese I love cheese'n stuff. Any sandwich I've had here has been really good. You get treated like family here. Many sandwiches to choose from but my favorite is the dough boy. You can get a sandwich made to order as well. They also have a nice selection of meats and cheeses that can be purchased by the lb "I ordered the number 10 make it a meal that includes macaroni salad and a drink. I enjoyed my sub but the macaroni salad was a little sweet for my liking. Total can out to $9.04 which also included a glass of iced tea (that is delicious). I might be back UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew "Freshest Cold Cuts in Phoenix sandwiches and Subs made right unlike crappy chains... Friendly  I have been wanting to stop in and try it for a long time.  I could have saved the trip.  The first thing I noticed when I walked into the place was the smell.  Not sure if it was one of the food items One of the best in town.  Slower service but worth the wait.  A must for Uptown locals!"  fresh  and tasty meats and reasonable  price. Staff is friendly"  german potato salad and chips. Thats about it. One of the deli cases actually just had chips in it. The shelves had a few boxes of little cookies from other countries but was otherwise their back stock of coke and water. 3 long community tables with fold out chairs were about all that fit in this small place. Its on its 67th anniversary and totally looks like it. Staff was nice...ish. We were the only people in there and when we walked in neither the younger lady or the older man said anything til we said Hi. Then "Great sausage-maker in central Phoenix. Try a few of these instead of what you get at Trader Joe's (which are also good) and you'll never go back. You can get anything here from from andouille to chicken cranberry. The staff are helpful  magical animal and Schreiner's Fine Sausage is a wonderful Schreiner's is a definite triple threat.  The staff was not only cute but extremely entertaining and best of all they have slab bacon.  By the time I got out of my car it had a great hickory/bacon aroma.  I can't wait grill this up with some filet medallions.  I definitely will be back to try out the sausage.  every kind of sausage you can imagine (along with every kind of mustard and horseradish you can imagine)  Italian dishes or homemade bisquits-n-gravy (with Schreiner's country sausage-bulk) will all taste that much better with their products."  if you want the freshest most delicious locally made sausages and other stuff like that you HAVE to go to Schreiners." Very cheap prices and friendly staff (even though I would honestly expect a huge italian guy Good Meat and selection of sausages.  Nice prices for being hand stuffed right in the building next door!  Good stuff!  so you can shop for meat products on your lunch hour and not go back to the office hungry.  Just remember a cooler (or use you office fridge if you have one) to keep it fresh and tasty!" They have tons of different types of sausages and dogs. Most come smoked or fresh. I'm a huge fan of their smoked Linguisa and their' Chorico. They also have these odds and ends mixed sausage-brat-hotdog skewers for like 2 bucks a pound Go get some! (Wieners that is) :)"  they'll recommend all sorts of stuff. They have an intimate knowledge of the meat they sling. So stop on buy I made some home made Sonoran Hot Dogs last night using Schreiner's hot dogs "Ok. This place is THE BEST place to get sausages in Phoenix PERIOD! The breakfast sausage could very well best the best ever. I go here regularly and have had so many of thier sausages I had a bratwurst and it was great. Schreiner's will definitely become a regular lunch spot for me!!"  or sneak a sausage. So git yer snausage-loving ass down to Schreiner's!" I will definitely continue my visits to Schreiner's and I'm happy I finally stopped in to say hi to this little cottage!" Bet you never knew there was a Sausage Mecca in Phoenix.  So many great restaurants local and non local know about this place.  in cased meats are  done right here. This is a good first step if you dream of having a good relationship with a butcher like all those TV chefs do." Fresh and best.  Enough said. I tried a couple sausages I was expecting more from all the reviews The prices might be a little bit more than you'd typically find in a grocery store XRBTHOXaJK_AJ2wy5mX_1A First time at this place .Purchased the Portuguese smoked linguisa and chicken apple sausage . Wonderful!  This place is a must go to.  I am returning to purchase other sausages in preparation for our stay in Flagstaff . And that's just the tip of their selections.  I highly recommend a trip to their storefront for the sausage lovers among you." this is a great little place in downtown.  we have been going there for about 10 years now and never purchased a bad item. they even have great variety and you really cant beat their prices.  Growing up in Indiana this place is just like the little places i grew up with.  always fresh and always good. I will be back for our next bbq!"  maybe a different staff this time." Nice place with fair prices and quality sausage. ckLJW7vcQsIk4Fc3ipXxgg Excellent place for all your meats and sausage. Try the Hungarian smoked sausage....sooooo yummy! Reasonable prices and friendly staff. If you haven't stopped If you haven't stopped by Schreiners you're missing out."  potato salad and mustard at Costco; then proceeding to Schreiner's to buy an obscene amount and variety of sausage to grill up. Buy some fat knockwursts and cheese brats to balance out the spicy beer hots and linguisa. Also buy some of all the other sausage because why the hell not? One of the cool places in Phoenix that deserves a look next time you're near 7th and Osborn." "JUST GO! I can't say enough good things about this place. I am here at least once a week to get my weekly pork products. Almost everything is made in house and fresh with no preservatives. Believe me when I tell you they have the best tasting sausage anywhere!!! The chorizo is an absolute dream and do not leave with out some in your bag! Make sure to also try their fresh lunch meats as well  whether uncooked or smoked.  I only wish the store wasn't so far away." Bring a cooler and cash! You will want to load up." LOVE Schreiner's!    Their products are of the highest quality and we are so happy to serve a variety of their artisan meats at our restaurant.  They are a great local business and good people --- they so deserve all of their success! A sausage lover's heaven. Maybe the most impressive sausage selection I've ever seen. Whole Foods has nothing on this store. I think I'm in love.   selection is wonderful with prices that force you to come back again and again."  and I can remember coming to this place back when the counter staff would speak German with my mom. The had the best liver wurst. It was firm  and their prices are reasonable too - 6 huge assorted links and two bags of rolls (I recommend the pretzel rolls) came out to less than $20 and tasted like a million bucks!"  it was time to try Schreiner's sausage which we had heard so much about.  First of all we were surprised to find two young people behind the counter when we walked in.  Luckily  with a perfect meld of flavors.  I crisped it up in a pan and served at breakfast with eggs and caramelized onions.  Really great.  I usually grill or crisp up more than I need and find they disappear out of the fridge."  Italian sausage and jerky. The sauerkraut is very flavorful as well. If you've been looking for real kraut (raw not canned) this is the place. Excellent flavor a with all the different items I've tried."  loved the jerky.  They have a brown bag special that while it doesnt blow you out of the water is satisfying.   They have a sampler platter but you have to ask what the items are because there is no description." Fresh and delicious meat products (no fresh cuts) at really reasonable prices. Their jerky is amazing! "Great selection of homemade sausages and smoked meat. Nice samples. Prompt I didn't think I'd find a replacement for Claus German market when I moved from Indianapolis  cheque or debit card (minimum $10 on debit). You get a brown paper bag with a little order form to write on it then they hand it back to you over the counter when ready. The place is barely larger than my bathroom at home  great service. Can't wait to go back for more..." LOVE Schreiner's! Have been several times to stock up on sausage and fresh meats. We've even done the brown bag lunch.  Jalapeo sausages are AMAZING. The Maple Blueberry sausage is unbelievable. The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. We can't wait to go back!  and if you live nearby it's probably a decent sausage market (better than most groceries) FYI: they have a $5 minimum on credit card purchases." We were looking for some Portuguese linguica and found it here at this wonderful shop. The selection of sausages was amazing and this very small corner store was packed the day before Thanksgiving. We bought both the smoked and fresh linguica and it was delicious. We'll be back to this place for sure. Well worth the dive from North East Scottsdale. We also bought fresh brats and some hard salami.  The place was well staffed and the people that work there are very helpful and friendly.  Every time I'm in the mood for sausage I'm going here." Tons of variety of sausages. Very nice informative people working there. Can tell they are all made there. Enjoyed the fig and pistachio one the best. My wife really liked the chicken enchilada.  but I'm confident that this will be my go to spot. Very happy with sausages today."  and give the samples a try - the bologna and salami were really good!"  they do not accept credit cards  love their fudge. They also have a nice variety of gift baskets and other items on their website." Their cinnamon almonds are to die for!! The fudge is awesome too! You can find these at your local Spouts and Costco but I was pleased to find out that these can be purchased as gifts on their website!" wxPOlYC155x-RLfk1kVdfw "The store is small and uncomfortable  I obsess about bringing back the perfect regional souvenirs and foodie items for family and friends.  We're living in the Phoenix area for a few months and I wanted to send small and inexpensive Arizona-esque little gifts to my son's preschool class in VA.  The sample sized candies are perfect and they sell them in bulk bags of 30 in the store. The store itself is a hole in the wall "Cactus candy is awesome. I always get some when in Phoenix since it is a very unique treat and always is welcome back home. They use the juice of the prickly pear cactus fruit to make a jellied candy which has a great sweet-tart taste. This location is the factory store which makes all the candies sold all over Arizona. It is very bare bones  friendly and personable staff. I tried some today for the first time so good!!!" I take family here when they visit so they get the real taste of Arizona!" And - they usually have great sales!  Selling dreams of the perfect kitchen/meal/home - every day...." Other than that all their other items are pretty functional. So far." Don't overlook their website.  Sometimes they will have Special Offers for products online that can be upwards of 50% off of the same items in the stores.  This drives the BF a bit crazy because he thinks their pricing should be consistent across all retail channels I give this store three stars for having a variety of kitchen items and an enchanting place to visit."  and thankfully I have never found them to be pushy.  They greet me and then leave me to do my lusting... I mean shopping.  Great store if you are in the need of higher-end If I were so inclined to cook  a standing rib roast a remote meat thermometer would be useful.  Remove roast when 125 is reached and let it rest for 15 minutes.  Don't poke meat or juices will escape..." I wish I had a lot of money that I could spend in this store. They have so much cool baking stuff here. They have great cookie cutters Star Wars ones even. Everyone is always nice when I come in. "I LOVE THIS PLACE !! They have anything and EVERYTHING you could possibly need for cooking baking and anything that has to do with preparation of foods. Its a little on the $$Pricey side of where your coins might be at the time but chances are well worth the money. They have spices Thank you Williams-Sonoma!!!  My mother is going to have a great Christmas.  And yes  their quality of products is great but they also incorporate a local feel into their shop as well. They host artisan and technique classes on the weekends and when they do  although it's all super quality stuff. They DO have classes every Sunday at 11. The wife and I are going to attend a pasta making class this Sunday!" They are all really friendly there and very helpful with any questions that you may have." 31bXixwy2GNmRlhpl21reA The staff was wonderful! Upbeat and friendly If you're looking for high quality cookware and bakeware  and learned how to make fresh pasta and then got to sample it! The staff here is always very accommodating and helpful. I will return many more times for that kitchen item I never thought I needed."  or learning how to cook something you didn't even know you wanted.  Williams-Sonoma is a playground for cooks of all levels. And Great location.  Great smells.  Go."  they gift wrap as well.  YES!"  whether that be stocking or inventory where her difficulties with hearing won't be an issue.  She should NOT handle this by belittling the cashier in front of customers and coworkers."  supremely cool. Williams-Sonoma will take you to school." You can also sample some of their sausages next door at the Black Forest Mill."  but the fun kept coming.  They had a fun band playing and we danced our asses off while eating soft pretzels dipped in cheese sauce and other supposed German delicacies.  We had a large group with us and they allowed us to rent out the front room next to the bar.  We had a great time and the staff was really nice.  However  please pay this store a visit. You will be pleasantly surprised. But bring cash! No credit cards accepted. Or you could go next door to the Black Forest Mill to have your German meal prepared for you along with a German beer...."  Sauerkraut etc. I was like a kid in the candy store... :-) Be aware of the ""German"" opening hours and they only take cash or checks. They might be a little bit more expensive than TJ's or Basha's but they sell you the real German stuff!!! Looking forward to my next shopping trip - Oktoberfest here I come ;-)." I'll be back ( la Schwarzenegger) to try the wurst here. The smell of their sausage counter still lingers in my mind..."  and tons of little bottles of condiments to pair with sausages.  And oh boy the sausages are good!  There are so many different kinds that it makes it hard to only pick a few." Great place and like all German butcher shops fhLb0v5NBj93D7PLQpFXfQ  bratwurst and smoked meats for 30 years.  Their prices are so much more reasonable than the grocery store deli counters and their products are always very fresh.  Walking through the door will immediately transport you to Europe!  Don't miss this Valley gem  - cash or check only just like the olden days!" So glad we found this place! Everything is fresh and tastes just like we get when we are in Germany! Walked out with some fresh warm pretzels last week too!  This is our number one place for authentic German meat. Best German sausages that I ever had.  They taste the same as those that I had when I traveled to Germany.  And the best thing is that they will vacuum packed them so they can last for a month and taste just as fresh as long as you don't break the package. Take home a little pastry for dessert! Too many tasty things to mention them all. CASH ONLY. Wunderbar!" "I was raised in Germany... This place is as close to ""home"" as it gets! Try everything. The service is gracious.... Bring CASH!!! If the made cake that day This is our go to for grilling out and its always delicious."  or they'll toss in an end chub (wrapped) into your bag...it seems like they know you're going to rip into one of the other packages I plan to return from time to time to pick up some specialty items."  I can't stop smiling - just standing in the store hearing orders in Deutsch sends me over the moon!! Today I just grabbed 2 wieners and 2 bratwurst as I patiently await my sauerkraut I've got brewing in my crock at home. Homemade cheese and cabbage soup with authentic fried wiener on top and I've got myself heaven. Have always wanted to stop in here and now I have a reason to make it a constant in my life!!"  great German products (auch Zeitung auf Deutsch!) and the sausages were fantastic. You can tell when your business is appreciated  red cabbage and other tasty treats!" fhLb0v5NBj93D7PLQpFXfQ Wz0F7KNiBbnyVaH2boQMRQ "Interesting little butcher shop/german market next to OHSO.  Rather small selection but what we bought looked fresh and tasty.  The smoked pork chops are to die for.  Not much variety in the 'market' either but what they had looked authentically German including mustard  beer cheese.  They even had dumplings in the cooking bags. Those are the best without the mess!! Pretty yummy although they don't have a huge selection of meats" "We found this place when we went to OHSO (next door) and decided to check it out. Friendly delicious German Food. You can smell and taste the freshness of the sausages. Everyone is very friendly and knowledgeable. Makes the hour drive for me ( one way) well worth it!"  cold cuts are usually much cheaper than buying ham/turkey/salami at frys or any other store.  I love all the varieties they offer here and will keep shopping here.  They make it easy by accepting your order by phone "Place is great. Can find food "Arnie has pretty good prices. I went and bought some supplements here that were cheaper than Amazon so I was pleased. Arnie and his daughter are very pleasant and helpful I went there about two years ago.  Kudos to a senior still running a store. I bought refrigerated proboscis it was expired.  I called the company they said that's dangerous. The lady at gnu down the street said Arnie is known for selling expired stuff.  I told Arnie what I found our.  He quickly gave me a refund. No apologies.  I said I was going to call the health Depth. I never did.  Maybe it's best that they are closed down now for the safety of the public.  I suggest this one to ease you into things.   There may be quite a few Lexus in the parking lot The currently are planning to replace AJ's with a Sportsman's as they bought the name several months ago."  but isn't it funny that I just wrote a review on Sportsman's!...lol  Not a bad replacement in my book." My little one and I stopped in for a sweet treat the other day I let her choose. We had the chocolate mousse cups and my bad I didnt take pics because I couldnt wait to dig in. Working from top to bottom it was in layers. It had a huge fresh strawberry on top it was garnished w some thick chocolate slivers then there was the cream so light and fluffy I mixed it with the mousse at the very bottom there was a small layer of choc cake  and the whole thing was in a flower petal shaped cup made completely of choc. The little one could not eat all of hers and it was hard to waste such goodness but I didnt want to overdose. Mental note next time one to share is good. I also bought a few of there decorated pretzels they are such pretty little works of art I want to    recreate them and put them on my kitchen walls! The staff is always pleasant here AJ's has always been a fav of mine I like their catered dessert trays they are always a hit! jTcLbRCOCnGB4wCgsIYswg jTcLbRCOCnGB4wCgsIYswg Being from Cali.. I love a great gourmet grocery ... I cant express how my heart flutters at the smell of a great cheese department.. not for the Cali in me but for the Parisian in me.. ahhhh! Bon Fromagerie!! I wont say this AJ's gets me going like the Aj's in other areas of PHX.. but still thats just pure out being high maintenance and picky picky.. Im happy to have this gem in the desert.. I love the wine department.. the cheeses.. the gourmet of it all.. oh yeah.. and the desserts:-) mmmmm a pure piece of heaven.. if Im feeling decadent that day.. and when running late for a party.. you can always know that AJ's will have a quick run in and grab plant or beauty of bouquet .. :-) Still where I generally go about once a week for a good wine.. a great steak.. and the hard to find gourmet.. I just feel good at Aj's... maybe because it reminds me of all the gourmet shops of home.. LOVE Aj's The wine guys here are always pretty cool and helpful though." Staff is very nice. Overall great experience." Love this location because it is so close to my work. We stop by almost daily for a tea and perhaps a sandwhich or some amazing dessert! The ladies in the bakery are always so nice and now know us because we go there so much! So thankful for my refillable AJ's cup that their fabulous corporate office helped me track down. Love this place! I do all my ""regular"" shopping at Frys or Fresh and Easy and then get the luxury items here." Excellent customer service as well." QhuESGhOQWnKqwlSrISm8A store closed 9/19/2012 ***expensive way too expensive "AJ's unsweeted tea selection is amazing! With so many flavors and healthy variety and all for under $2. There is also a bakery to curb the sweet tooth while drinking grean tea Also have fun selection of chocolate and candy." i use to go to this place few years ago and then i forgot about it after moving to another city.i just saw it on YELP and i remember their amazing selection.I think it is time for some russian caviar. I am a big time fan of the Russian honey cake and this place was a disappointment.  The cake had too much shortening added to it and the cake was really dry.  I will not buy honey cake from them again if they will cut out fresh quality ingredients to lower costs. I got a little bit of a lot of things. Loved the lager. Loved the chocolate. The deli meats were good but if you're unsure about any Don't be fooled.... there is PLENTY of parking in back." Try some of the home made salads for a treat."  who has a huge personality and runs this little empire." But semi-salted pickles are the best! mmmmmm I'm drooling just thinking about them :-p~" Definitely going back there."  however the horrible attitude you get from the owner makes you think twice about going to the store. If this was NY or LA he would be long out of business but due to the limited options in Phoenix he thinks he can get away with treating his long time customers like crap. Being Russian I have long come to understand the curt and non-friend behavior of other Russian's but Yasha is all together rude. He belittles and embarrasses his customers  if you like salami you need to try it. If you like pickles try the pickled tomatoes they have here. They also have a nice selection of caviar." This is place has various Russian and European products.  It is okay.  I still miss the Russian/Eastern European markets in Chicago that I would frequent prior to relocating to Arizona. "This place has such a nice selection of salami that I would go back just for that!  My husband enjoys the great prices on the variety of Eastern European beers they have.   Be sure to check out the various dumplings they have in the frozen section This is a nice little place.  Good variety of eastern european meats. My wife was searching for some items she would eat as a kid and Yashas actually carried the items.  They were open on memorial day which was nice.  we will be going back for sure. My wife was looking for Mici which isnt exactly carried at Safeway.  and they had it in the freezer along with a wide variety of meats.  the bakery items looked awesome. i will have to update my review when we  go back. I came here during the end of July while visiting my brother. The cashier was super friendly.  He even let me practice my Russian on him. My family and I bought four different cheeses and with some sausage. The old Kiev one was delicious. I'll be back for Thanksgiving weekend! They could make a killing with a good sandwich maker there!" The best European market in town huge place they have everything from salami to drinks to plates . Great prices and affordable . I will be back to buy fish soon.  this is the store for you and your staples.  Good selection of food from home for those yearning a taste" Which reminds me of the wonderful service. I always had someone asking if I needed help looking for something or if I was doing okay. :)" I love this store! It's very small but they carry an eclectic selection and it's a bit of a time travel to walk in and find Russian wares from candy to beer to fish to canned goods. The employees are very nice.  my mouth is watering-I foresee a trip to Yasha's very soon!"  there is also a lot of foods and beverages from other European countries such as Poland and the Baltic states. You can also come here for lunch from Monday to Friday  to try borscht "Great selection of Eastern European foods.  Great selection of wines WQJwpYwEFT_QTR-lFIh5mA "As original russian I used to love syrniki ( cheese pancake) traditional russian food. So today I bought some from this store. What I got was clump of  flower doe and few specks of cottage cheese. I just had to take picture of that shame  WQJwpYwEFT_QTR-lFIh5mA  and none of the things I was hoping for when I came here. What I did end up buying turned out to be the worst version of said item I have ever tasted. There are no freshly made deli foods of any kind. Quite a bummer of a place unless you are looking for something canned Everything you need to make a traditional Russian meal! The customer service is friendly and helpful. Good meat. Offers pasties too! So good.  it is pricey and have entree's and sides and hot soup.  You can spend a fortune here but it is so good.  Even the small bakery section is yummy.  Fruits and veggies are really nice here I shop here every weekend.  Even though I feel as though Whole Foods has lost some of its original spunk since turning into a giant national chain it is still better than anyplace else to shop.  You will always find a nice selection of organic foods and groceries.  Nice wine and cheese selection.  Great prepared foods.  And they give you complimentary ice so your food doesn't spoil during the drive home before the A/C kicks in.  certainly a lot more elbow room than the one I use in NYC." The salad bar was just what we needed. It had a huge selection and almost everything in it was organic! The store itself was also huge compared to most of alternative grocery stores I have been to. It also seemed to feature much more organic produce. Whole foods is a bit pricey  and central location... I will be back to visit often wepFVY82q_tuDzG6lQjHWw  I am still looking for a Whole Foods that will blow me away..." Especially the one in Tempe" The quality and taste of the items in the prepared section was quite subpar to other whole foods." I hope they get the message and get better with the prepared foods." You guys better get a grip  I insist you step away from that enormous Costco Manchego and talk to the Whole Foods Cheese staff about your exotic dairy needs. Broaden your horizons!"  i.e. those toilet scrub sponges on a stick; hit or miss produce quality; terrible parking lot for maneuvering when it's full; and an over abundance of snotty customers.  Hardly anyone says ""excuse me"" when the want to get by (they just shove or tailgate me with their cart) wepFVY82q_tuDzG6lQjHWw Their prepared foods area is quite good but pricey. Make sure you don't go to get dinner when you're really hungry because it is REALLY easy to walk out with like $40 worth of food. Shopping here has taught me more about reading/understanding food labels  but they also have it available at the deli. The usual counter worker isn't that friendly which is a shame and always seems put out but that doesn't make the pizza any less tasty. You can get one of their ""surfboard"" pizzas which will feed 2 for 2-3 days with a couple of toppings with Daiya cheese for $15.99. This may be the best deal going at Whole Foods and make up for that $8 bar of dark chocolate you just bought." Thanks but no thanks."  I found a ranch in Arizona that makes monthly deliveries to the Valley and charges half of WFM without the middle man.  Sorry little piggies in your crates and chicks in your cages I love the large artisan selection of desserts!  I stop there whenever I can.  on this trip I found that many of the things I usually get or the variety I am used to was not present here.  [Sprouts won out again.]"  but they also give 10% off discount if your purchase is more than $30. Sorry Whole Foods... I like your other stores I wish they had more locations" "Wanted some sushi quick and fresh. Went here today and the wonderful lady making the sushi create my order in no time and exactly the way I ordered. Delicious - had salmon "They have the friendliest staff at this Whole Foods. They know me by name and always have samples ready for the little boy I nanny before we even walk up to the Deli counter. Maureen the checker  but I would pay more if I had the money and I do believe in good quality products within a reasonable price. We usually go there if we stay in Phoenix and not go to Tempe."  Whole Foods. Well done."  I stopped by this WF.  It seems a little darker that the others and space is limited  but it's worth it to come mid-week when I couldn't make it to the farmers market and see some solid local options. I'm giddy when they have a huge selection from Sunizona Farms. Since it's also 10 minutes from Arcadia  I really appreciate the fact that they support local business and stock their shelves with products that have some freaking integrity.  If it weren't so far from where I lived It's a Whole Foods. They are all the same! Which isn't a bad thing for Whole Foods considering the awesome food and product selection! I love this store!!! Everyone is happy and kind. So many other places you can go to get GOOD healthy food for less the price and be treated alot better"  it was delicious.  They also have some kale chips that are to die for.  The Tuscon Tamale Company sells frozen organic blue corn tamales in Whole Foods in the frozen food section.  They're delicious.  I did contact the Tuscon Tamale Company there are a bunch of cry babys if you cant not buy anything from whole foods dont shop there point blank go to walmart or smartshop i love this store they have the best meat and friut from our small frams i love it here its way cheaper then the whole foods nyc.....we should be proud we have this type supermarket  I also found Voodoo Donut Maple Bacon Rogue Ale. How could I turn it down? I used to frequent Whole Foods by Lincoln Center in NYC years ago and have spent my last years attempting to find another location that uses a machine to make honey peanut butter with no luck until today. Delicious  or thank you or Good Bye...it was very strange!!"  I spent almost 20 minutes just looking thru and reading all of their sunscreen products.  Even though I asked multiple questions during that time all of the clerks were very kind Whole foods is one of my favorite places to go for a salad bar. Its always clean and fresh. The staff at the store are always really friendly and helpful. Its always clean and I love all the samples they have out. Some stuff is pretty pricey. but the produce and lunch meat are always about the same as other stores maybe a little bit more but you get organic stuff! This used to be my favorite Whole Foods in the valley a couple of years back and had I reviewed it say 4 years ago-I would have definitely given it 5 stars . They did a major reshuffling of employees and it just hasn't been the same. Nothing specific-just a colder vibe and the cashiers are not as friendly. Like other reviewers have mentioned it is pricey so I have been just going for my staples and I grab a basket rather than a cart so I am in and out within 10 minutes. They even have Sweet Republic gelato and sorbet...Honey Lavender...help me!! MMM"  but considering the Fry's right down the street has great produce at better prices I'm not really sure what would send me to Whole Foods aside from perhaps a search for something esoteric.  Not really much different from the Whole Foods back home in Ohio I'll still be here anytime I need bulk fleur de sel or perhaps quality coffee in a pinch "I really had a hard time rating this.  The first Whole foods I went to was one of the few big showcase ones in Town Center in Las Vegas.  I happened to be shopping at Penzeys in the same shopping center and knew I had to pick up some veggies for the weekend somewhere.  I found the store to be cramped and crowded.  And the price  which has creepy gmo and processed mainstream foods everywhere." Oh well. I will find the item elsewhere and I won't be back. Every time I'm at Trader Joe's or Sprouts they are super helpful  I will not ever return to this store!" "I am always torn when I go to any whole foods.....because I know I am going to always spend more money than I want to. I mean don't get me wrong I don't have any misconceptions that Whole Foods is an Expensive market....however I still get caught up in buying something there. Example being last night when I wanted a bite to eat before heading to the symphony orchestra. This location is offering Turkey meatballs with your choice of a side....sauce....and toppings. So I had the Turkey Meatball plate with mashed potatoes and pesto sauce with mozzarella on top.....mmmmmm....sounds good right? However it cost me 7.99 plus tax....and since my wife had a salad along with 2 drinks we spent about 15 bucks. I absolutely don't like spending 15 bucks at a Grocery Store for a meal....but again that is not new for whole foods...LOL. However the reason I gave this location 3 stars is because the service here is always suspect....I mean you have to ask people for everything in the store.....no seems to want to help you which is very unusual for Whole Foods Markets. Also when I was ordering my food the young lady didn't seem to have any idea what I was talking about or how to make it....thankfully there was someone there to assist her or I think I would've had to make it myself....LOL!!!! Now I don't know if all this madness took place because it was a Saturday or it was during the evening hours etc.....but if they shore this issue up with customer service I may consider bringing my review up a notch. Eat Very small and crowded compared to other whole foods. Selection smaller but still very nice. I really love when they ask if you need your groceries iced for your drive.  It so thoughtful and SMART In the future I will stick to the Whole Foods on Mayo Blvd!" The coolest thing about this location is that there is a Trader J's and a Penzey Spices right in the same parking lot. Kinda like betting the Trifecta at the horse track and getting a trunk load of high quality yummies at the same time. To quote the infamous Charlie Sheen - WINNING!" Enter happy and leave disappointed."  blonde hair). He is terrible and gives Whole Foods a bad name. I will be going to the new one on Camelback from now on." ps. i'm super pumped for the new store that's opening on camelback next month! now i'll have a store within a mile of my house!" The staff is friendly and especially the meat counter guys.  They are quick and prompt to getting you the serivce you need."  old and dingy and in need of a serious makeover and cleaning ASAP.  I actually thought logistically where I wanted to live before moving here and to be close to a whole foods so this is a total bummer.  I now need to drive to the Scottsdale location and hope that location is better.  Please note I am also a stock holder!"  I like shopping here because it's a little bit less crazy most of the time. They don't carry all the stuff (and no food court or bar-haha) that the other store has  they have it.  I liked the world market section they have.  I bought some vegetarian chilli to try out at home.  Among other items I found are: Bulgarian yogurt I ONLY shop at whole foods but this location is the worst of the 4 locations that I've been to in the valley. It might be the oldest so the layout and even selection seems to be outdated. I rather go to the location on mayo or even better go out of my way to the new location in camelback. This long-time customer will be exclusively shopping (and dropping lots of cash) at Mayo from now on. I'm tired of wasting my time and breathing the fumes at Shea."  they have irresistible prices on fruit and veggies. There is almost never a line at checkout. Parking is convenient."  I would shop here more often. The produce is way too expensive and you have to look carefully at the berries to make sure they don't have mold (maybe if they lowered the prices  but just didn't seem to have as big a selection that I am use to.  Still great ***i heard from several including an employee friend of mine that after I left Juliana and her coworker Mikelyn Sierra were mocking me and laughing at me." "We were in a hurry and bought prepared food from there Saturday night January 31st. I ate pepperoni pizza and became violently ill. Stomach cramps and then lost everything on Sunday.  I am certain that this is stomach flu not only food poisoning.  I had stomach flu in college.  I know the difference.  Super bowl Sunday was ruined.  I have never eaten their prepared food. I never will eat or shop there at that location.  I am from Austin.  I know and like whole foods  Audry & Claudia Are rock stars!! Organic salad bar yumm & tons of grab & go food options.  I'm really loving the sandwich and pizza station today!! So many unique menu options!!"  but it's still a great go to grocery store for people in the Paradise Valley and Phoenix area." This whole foods is our favorite one in this area. It's smaller but they take care of you a lot more and if your locals they will remember you. Craig is our go to guy for delicious wraps and anything that is made by hand. Craig is the most amazing whole food worker. If you haven't experience true quality customer service come to this whole foods. He will show you how it is done by the book and go above and beyond. Love coming here for lunch. Great pizza and awesome beer. Super nice people and great prices for what it is and what you get.  expensive. Stopped here for breakfast while on a hockey trip (after two highly successful b'fast stops at different WF stores in Denver and Colorado Springs--another hockey trip).  Both of the previous were tasty  A+ smoothies with B+ service.  I would go here always if their prices weren't constiently above everyone else's."  your easy going awesomeness went a long way in making me feel welcome as a traveler! To you it was probably just nice This is a great neighborhood Wholefoods. Produce is always fresh and there's a great selection of locally made goodies. People working there are super friendly and helpful too. Happy I can even ride my bike there if I'm feeling really energetic!  otherwise the Whole Foods in Mayo is much better overall." "I had a great experience at the juice bar tonight.   A girl named Tori made me the BEST juice I've ever had.  In addition  barely acknowledge me being there. We all go to Fry's now  across the street because there customer service is always excellent and that's what we want. How hard is it to say ""Hello?"" ""Good Morning"" ""How are you? Its not. You lost all of business because we would rather go across to fry's and use there juice bar   SC. Maybe I expect better from a company that charges a lot for supposedly high-end food. Go to the one in Scottsdale Smallest whole foods ever I can't believe this place has half the stuff of a regular size whole foods.  this is a nice store with very friendly staff.  If it weren't for the prices they would definitely get four stars here." I really like this Whole Foods Market the best because of their wide range of fresh prepared foods I can pick up and take out. I'm on the go type of person and it's very convenient for me. I haven't had anything I didn't like. I also like the hot food bar so when I don't want to cook in the hot Arizona tempertures I don't have to! So this ham..... it is this perfect crunchy outer sugary glaze that just makes my mouth water thinking about it.  You need to go to Honeybaked Ham. Like FOR REAL."  the turkey is always moist and tasty and the kicker is the vinaigrette that goes on top of the spring mix lettuce on the sandwich. pesto + vinaigrette = heaven! minus one star because honeybaked ham lunch is a bit pricey at $6.82 (including tax) for just the sandwich. but speaking of cost  but it's a good place for lunch too--their sandwiches rock." All of this for less than 5 bucks....that's right less than 5 bucks....the sandwich is great...the establishment is clean....and the customer service is top notch. So if your ever in need of a great Turkey sandwich look no further than Honeybaked ham company. Eat If you are looking for a great place for lunch  offering artisan breads and fresh garnishes. Hearty soups and salads are also available; check out their Lenten specials this time of year."  and the food is DELICIOUS!!!! I would hate to see this location close. So many of my favorite places have closed in this tough economy. If you're looking for a new place to have a delicious sandwich....YOU MUST try Honey Baked Ham Co. Worth it!!!!" "3 words for you...Chipotle Chicken Sandwich....run....don't walk to any Honeybaked Ham shop and grab one. I sometimes have 3 in one week and they are 3.97 with a coupon for a limited time. I have to say though I would pay the regular price for them....because they are that good and the service is that good as well. Eat This place is REALLY good for soup/sandwiches and the people that work there are so friendly you'd think you were in the heartland!" The turkey was melt in your mouth delicious. There is no fancy restaurant or amazing presentations .... you come here simply for a great tasting sandwich : )" My advice.  Want a good ham and want to be really overcharged?  Go to AJ's.  At least you will get something to eat for your money."  you were great and this review doesn't reflect you. I only hope that in the future your management team gives you the support you deserve." "This was the first time I tried their sandwich.  I have to say it was pretty darn yummy The best spiral cut honeybaked ham ever made .   A definite must do :-) "Not impressed. Customer service we received wasn't up to par -- guy wasnt able to answer simple questions regarding products they sell. Spoke with store manager who took care of the situation really well As always the service we received was fantastic and the ham tastes delicious! I would like to come back here to try some of the sandwiches they have to offer Still thought you all might want to know about the WORST Christmas eve party we ever hosted and the people  on just principle I would say this place in not worthy of ones business My guess: to create a false impression of demand for a product that is only ho-hum (excepting the scary ingredients)."  you will be purchasing very delicious ham and turkey- and your guests will lift you up on their shoulders and cheer for you after they eat their meal." This place is awful. Very bad customer service as well as the employees don't seem to know what they have and don't have. They've messed up my order multiple times and the employees seem oblivious to what's going on. red onion served on ciabatta  bread. The sandwich was excellent as expected and very fresh. The service was good and the wait time was to be expected under 10 minutes. I will definitely add this to my favorite lunch spots!"  but their prices are a bit high.  You do get a quality product Before you go and spend bucks at other candy places. Don't forget about Sees Everything we brought home was really really good. I will miss this place but I am sure my waist won't."  one of See's trademarks is to offer everyone a sample.  What you may not know is that the clerks are given at least two or three truffle selections to choose from "No complaints. Always excellent quality. Great service. And when there are crowds due to an upcoming holiday  service & atmosphere. And free samples just make me so happy! Raspberry cream truffle is to die for!" Best homemade from scratch candy. The definite must try.  my mother bought several Kinds of Easter Candy that were always in the basket. Then she continued the tradition with my children. My mother passed away 8 years ago and this year I suddenly remembered the candies. I went in last week and immediately spotted the candies. The service was delightful and they seemed happy to help a newcomer. I mailed all the candies to my grown children who were delighted with the memories created of their beloved Grandmother. I'm really happy that I sauntered in and I plan to continue the tradition as well as starting some new ones." I love this little store and have for many years. Those chocolates are totally worth some extra calories!" "See's has been my favorite boxed candy since I was little. It's so good and the recipes haven't changed (unlike Fannie May...  which is now yuck). My top 4 favorites are Dark Bordeaux  if I was in the area and craving candy Our favorites are the milk chocolate Bordeaux and the orange cream."  and butterscotch squares.  I love that they still give out a free sample.  I have been to really pricey chocolate shops and they do not give out samples.  See's treats their customers well.  One of my favorites!" Friendly staff who are also very informative about storing and gifting the chocolates. Clean store in a convenient location on the outskirts of PV Mall. 