YMEtEsUDQKOYJOcE5Fx3gQ I can't wait to go back!" Can't stop thinking about that Jewish Pizza..." Plays well with a Tazza latte around the corner! The quiche was divine and the the biscuits were what I imagine my mom would have made had she actually made biscuits. Two words: YUM-OH! Cannot wait to return to the Steel City so I can partake in some of the desserts.  and the cake was the hit the talk of the party.  I will have to take 2 cakes to the next party.  Everyone stated that it was the best cake they had ever had.  My daughter craves that cake on Tuesday "This place has probably some of the best pastries I've ever encountered.  The treats are consistently great to amazing to even mouth watering.  The bakery is this quaint little place that is really cute with nice baking decorations and everything.  The staff is really friendly and always helpful with making the hard selection.  The cupcakes are these cream-stuffed pieces of heaven The line can be long but the staff is very efficient-- I've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes. I can't say enough wonderful things about this place!"  to-die-for German choc cake and a really good sugar free cake with berries ( you'd never guess it was sugar free)The only thing that I thought was ""meh"" was the macaroons- tried blood orange and pistachio- have had much better right here in Pittsburgh from the French bakery in Millvale. I consider myself and expert in macaroons  it's worth arriving at 9:30 to experience the novelty and cool experience of this strange Bring cash! $10 minimum for credit debit cards." I'll be back. If they can serve such yummy treats moments before they close I can only imagine how amazing they must be first thing in the morning." Just go early :)  They open at 10 on Saturdays.  And bring cash...it's easier that way." There is a small seating area with tables and a water dispenser for diners." YMEtEsUDQKOYJOcE5Fx3gQ "I'm a creature of habit--I've been getting a savory and sweet item each time I'm around the neighborhood. White lily cake is divine! Quiches always tasty. Macarons are alittle too sweet. I wish the cake slices weren't $4 pop. Otherwise  our friends told my boyfriend and I to go here and get a ham sandwich. A ham sandwich? We thought. Yes a ham sandwich. My bf grabbed two to go while I waited in the car and we started eating and driving  and I went in after early dinner. It was completely unplanned but we were attracted to the quaint storefront. We purchased a crispy elephant ear-like dessert sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar. It was glorious. I bought a piece of apple-walnut-cinnamon sugar cake with cream cheese frosting. It was delicious an moist. We also purchased freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. They were absolutely rich and scrumptious. The woman who was there an greeted us seemed like she might be the owner. She was sweet and very helpful. Great disposition. This is probably my favorite small bakery in Pittsburgh. Delightful."  maybe they're trying to really nail that French bakery vibe :)  No matter  1 seats 2 people). On a quieter morning you should be able to find a seat. They serve coffee as well (nothing to write home about)  which I find to be a little annoying. Regardless- it's worth it. It's such a hidden gem and going there and experiencing their sweets is a real treat." I have never been disappointed.  This is the kind of place that SHOULD exist.  It has that home made taste with a professional look.  Everything tastes fresh and delicious.  I have not had one bad thing from there yet." "This is the best little bakery in Pittsburgh!  My favorites include: key lime cake  lilac cake (which is basically the best white cake you'll ever have)  you should absolutely treat yourself to the delicious baked goods at Food Glorious Food."  and a brownie.  Everything was delicious!  The service was exceptional. There was a line out the door as we were leaving at about 11:30am. We will certainly go back as we are fussy about our baked goods and this place meets our standards."  bought the first time because I liked the name.  Now my family expects me to bring it to all family functions!  It is beautiful to look at and delicious to taste!" I've been to Europe and experienced the patisseries in Paris and they're as good as confectionary sweets dessert food gets but  but the atmosphere and quality at Food Glorious Food is something more than panache  and they take credit card. I came here in the early afternoon on a Saturday so they may have sold out of some items."  one of the best pieces of cake I've had. Definitely tops the list of wedding cakes. The icing is nice and light Tom and Brad are the BEST! My entire family LOVES this place and Tom and Brad (and you will too!) "This place.  I can't say good enough things about it.  Dangerously delicious treats and super nice staff.  I do wish they had markers on their items so people wouldn't spend 10 minutes asking what each individual product is Absolutely love this place! It's only a few blocks away from where I live and we love walking over and grabbing a little something. My favorite is the buttermilk biscuits. Soooo yummy. The cinnamon rolls are great too. Not a huge fan of the chocolate chip cookie only because they use a mix of semi sweet and milk chocolate chips. (I personally hate milk chocolate). But other than that I love this place! I highly recommend trying it out!  they appear to accept credit!  Not sure if there was a minimum."  I'd rank Food Glorious Food within the upper quartile of PGH bakeries.  Unfortunately ""Why should we be fated to brood on ... beautiful I can't wait to go back!"  but even then there was a lot to see and the instructor upstairs was quite comfortable working in front of the public.  I'd go back  and also do a small class where I was able to make an ornament. The staff is always friendly and fun  and they offer lots of learning opportunities if you want to make your own glass art or functional glass pieces. Plus  but were severely let down by the make-it take-it section of the evening (the part we were most excited for!).  It really started to bug us  so there's lots to see and learn."  you can watch whatever is going on. I think that is pretty cool! They also have classes where you can blow glass or make beads or whatever you want... I can't wait to pick up my piece and come back for another class!"  I can't wait to pick mine up!  (It takes a few days.)  I definitely recommend this as something different to do with friends or on a date! My one friend did a glass blowing event there & said that this was much more HANDS ON than the glass blowing was."  must say that some of the prices for events are too high for most people to be able to afford going to the center very often. Maybe if they offered a Groupon or something like that. But  and (2) you have to wait three days to pick up your item so that it can cool properly. Obviously I look forward to going back here for another event or just to look around!"  so we are incredibly lucky to have one here. The equipment is maintained by a professional crew and the classes are taught by highly skilled and professional artists. This is definitely the best place you could think about having your first interaction with molten glass.. or if you're a professional artist moving to Pittsburgh.. well  muscular athletic men often dancing shirtless. I'm just saying. Sue me." Perhaps my next visit will be to see the Charlotte Ballet itself!" Great performance! Not quite the same as seeing it every year growing up in NYC but pretty darn good! Amazing scenery (I wanted to eat all the candy in the second act) and quite a big cast of players dancers! They must have raided all the local dance schools for the ""cream of the crop"". So great to have something like this in Charlotte! Belk Theater was a perfect venue for them. Even though it was a very family oriented event  not the best performance but a holiday tradition acceptable."  make sure you call and make an appointment. This is my go-to nonprofit to donate my precious O negative. Save three lives Now I donate whole blood. The staff is always friendly and there is never too long of a wait. Parking and easy and the facility is very clean. And since you can only donate whole blood every 8 weeks or so Courteous staff and volunteers. Safe and efficient. In and out quickly. Very clean. "My wife and I donate blood and platelets every 6 weeks.  This is where we go and the people that work here are friendly  painless  donation process.  I love the ARC and this is my absolute favorite place to donat" I always feel better after donating. I feel like it's cleansing."  friendly and professional operation.  You will leave each time with a slightly damp THE best swimming classes you will find in CLT. Martha Sue and her staff are AMAZING and you will truly feel like part of a family. Couldn't love it more. I only have positive things to say about Charlotte Swim Academy!  My son has gone from being afraid of swimming to being able to swim underwater.  The one on one experience with the instructor made a huge difference.  All in all it's been a great experience and I highly recommend using them.  my daughter progressed by leaps and bounds. I will never take my children anywhere but CSA. The instructors are knowledgeable and great with children. I could have saved hundreds if only I had come here first. But I am glad to have found them now." "We love CSA! The staff's goal seems to be to foster the love of swimming in everyone! The staff is well-trained  and I disagree. I came here on my own free will and was not pressured to start. I passed my A+ and Network+ with their help and have been working on my CCNA.  A lot of people here have told me this place has helped them too. I remember when I first showed up and got right to work. They provided me all the tools that I needed to get moving. If you want to speak to someone there Location is good and they have plenty of parking.  I attended in the peak of summer heat in Arizona and was cool and comfy all day." "This is a great place if you're looking to enhance skills in Microsoft Office  September 2014 am still fighting the VA over supposed over payments and tuition and fees. Apparently between July 2012 and October 2012 the VA over paid me $2 In the end only the student can dedicate themselves to have confidence to take PMI's certification exam.  The school can make you think you are ready but the test is a real wake up call.  Be sure to study multiple sources and take every practice exam you can find online for free.  Take this class of you don't have the discipline to study on your own.  I passed PMP exam on first try but didn't feel like the school prepared me enough." "I enrolled my 2 year old son and 4 year old daughter into Hubbard. They've completed 2 swim lessons each and the results are dramatic. They have made huge strives in their water skills. Plus The teacher was really nice and great with little ones. They have several locations across the valley and are faily priced at $70/week."  but also teaches my husband and me how to take what he learns and apply it at home in the tub or even in the pool. The staff makes it fun with games and songs and the parents learn the right words to prepare babies to hold their breath when going under water. I think swim lessons are a must for kids here in AZ since almost everyone has a pool. And it's so great to see their progress!"  I would recommend this place.  It is not perfect but it is the best swim school we have been to." When i had my daughter we went to hubbard before she turned 6 months old for free!  For the under 6 month crowd it's purely water acclimation - you won't be getting any amazing techniques Watching all the older kids that have been going there for years reinforces the strong bond that the staff have with the kids. The kids all love going there and they love the instructors. It's a fun and safe environment!" I came here after a bad experience at a previous school (Gold Medal Swim School). My attitude about swim schools has totally changed. This place is great! Thank you!!  especially because kids this young are pretty fickle and some classes they just don't want to cooperate.  Several of the other parents in the older (paid) classes highly recommend the school and their child's progress.  Maybe I'm just being frugal because I've been assured by other parents that the classes are a good value for the money."  and flexibility in scheduling makes it the premier Valley swim school." Thank you Hubbard for being so GREAT!"  but after a short time my little one was floating on her back and pulling herself out of the pool unassisted. These skills are priceless and make the slight lack of organization at the school and over crowded lobby completely tolerable."  and locker room space is WOEFULLY inadequate.  It's a bit of a nightmare getting two kids showered and dressed after lessons.  My kids are always cold  my 5 year old is a much better swimmer than I am Some of the kids in class were already putting their heads under the water... pretty impressive!  I look forward to seeing baby's progress in the pool in the weeks an dmonths to come.  Water safety is so important in Arizona  but Hubbard Swim has made this a stress-free process.  Even switching swim class days/times has been a positive experience What a great place! The little girl I watch has went from being afraid to get her eyes wet to swimmimg on her own in no time! The instructors are so great. They went at her pace until she was ready.  5 stars. They deserve it." The environment is positive and buzzing with excitement."  baby splash class at 3 months old. The free class is available to babies 6 months & under is great for getting your child acclimated to & comfortable in the swimming pool. Our daughter is now almost 20 months old & just moved into the Lil Snappers Advanced class. She can climb out of the pool on her own "Highly recommend Hubbard Swim School on 32nd St.  Otto is the best instructor.  My daughter has been going since she was 7 months (now 2 yrs old) and she loves the water.  Every month she gets better and she loves putting on her swim suit to go to class. We now have her baby brother on the wait list and will start him soon. If you are looking for swim classes for your child  are all professional and friendly. The place is clean and has a great snack bar and play area besides. We decided to start coming here year round Excited to go back next week!" My two boys have grown up with Hubbard being a weekly part of their life for 5 years. They have had great instructors who have helped build them into great swimmers and great athletes. Our family loves Hubbard swim! We have a baby and toddler in classes. It's not survival style but our kids have learned to enjoy the water and can go under without being scared.  loves her teacher and is getting stronger." "This is a good swim school but it seems like it takes forever for the kids to learn how to swim. Teachers were nice but it was too slow. We pulled my 2 year old out because she was trying to climb the pool fence and I didn't feel like she was learning basic survival skills fast enough. They charge $72 monthly so it doesn't benefit them to push kids through the program quickly. I know kids who have been in it for 4 years I booked the entire month and they are very flexible with their schedule here." AWESOME. We had a great experience. My kids loved it here. Due to geographic concerns i swithed to Aqua tots and it was a horrible experience. Lesson learned. we will  make the extra drive and are back at Hubbard.  Hubbard is a worthwhile investment - not just for swim lessons but also as a fun thing to look forward to every week!" Victoria is already going underwater at 8 months old. We look forward to every class every week!!!"  and I'd love it if my daughter could start learning the actual fundamentals of swimming (at least for safety) I'm so entirely impressed with this school. The staff and office is so helpful and friendly. They accommodate for schedules and busy brainless parent mistakes. The instructors have all be great and perfectly gracious on my son. We love swimming and playing here! The play area is a bonus!  attentive and helpful. Mutual friends recommended this place so my 8 year old could learn how to swim. But she is learning so much more. Worth every penny. They have a play area for the kids. A snack bar where they make a great cup of coffee My son loves this place he has really liked all of his instructors.  He has been coming here since he was 1 and he is now 4 and we couldnt be more satisfied with the progress he is achieving.  We don't have a pool and with just 1 lesson a week he is learning so fast.  They have it down to a science here. Great place - clean and wonderful instructors. Website to reschedule swim lessons isn't so user friendly and sometimes the front desk is hard to get ahold of - otherwise I highly recommend! I should also add that the lessons from 8 weeks to 6 months are free!  No excuse for not going!"  and already knows how to swim on her own at age 3!  Very friendly staff from the front desk to the instructors.  I had a great experience with management as well after a schedule mix up."   we stayed in the Thunderbird location for the sole purpose of her instructor that she adored (Cass).  We made the agreement to move her to the Phoenix location when she would move up to next level and have to have a different instructor.  Let's fast forward to when she finally graduated to next level (no longer swimming with my husband or I and will only be swimming with aid of her instructor).  We knew the transition would be difficult and we certainly anticipated a great amount of crying (and boy were we right).  The staff at the North Phoenix location made the experience a million times easier not just for our daughter but for us as well.  The manager came over to speak to us about the process and ease us as she was wailing loud enough that you can probably hear her two stores down (she be but little but she is fierce).  We informed the manager we had anticipated her reaction but felt badly for her classmates as we did not want to short them from their class.  As we said this to manager we see another staff instructor walk over to her class to assist with other students so she and the teacher (Angelica I recommend them 100% and will DEFINITELY be back again!" "The place itself is a bit old school but the people working inside were super helpful and amazing to talk too. I am not normally a person who likes to chat it up with the people working but they sure made me feel comfortable. I went on a Tuesday night and I was there for three hours getting a haircut Bottom line....I wouldn't go back there if they were offering FREE services!!" VERY DISAPPOINTED & WILL NEVER EVER GO TO THIS PLACE."  to the previous people that say they didn't learn anything; I feel sorry for them.  If you take initiative to learn and get the most out of it; you will. I highly recommend this school & look forward to going to school everyday!"  need to learn a bit about customer service. We are your clients and help you teach your students. Get off your high horse. I won't be back." Learn a little customer service and teach your students. Isn't that what they are paying for and maybe get rid of the dead weight that gives your salon a bad name. If it were not for one or two teachers you would have a better rating" 