 I was immediately curious. I found myself in a hallway lobby with stairs to the different levels and apparel sections. I had literal Dj vu to the last Banana I had stepped into: the Soho- NYC location. Just like in soho I definitely will be back."  it's usually expensif. But keep an eye out for the sales; they always seem to have something on offer in-store or online. This store has a pretty decent selection and friendly service. I can usually find what I want in my size. It's BR - you get good quality  and I absolutely love the Abby flats. They are extremely comfortable while still being stylish. They get new colors seasonally "This review is a bit biased because the only reason I walked in here was because I had a gift card. This store really isn't my thing: it's way too upscale and expensive  I had a great time shopping here with my husband on Saturday! We shopped on all 3 floors and received multiple offers for assistance. My husband was the focus of the trip  big multi-story Banana with a friendly staff and great selection. Also we totes saw Ygritte from Game of Thrones aka actress Rose Leslie! We played it cool but kept saying ""Jon Snow"" once we parted ways."  pick out 3 tops that were really nice when they were clearly really busy and they got me a dressing room within seconds upstairs in the mens department. The staff was really helpful and accommodating when I asked if they had a different size. I will certainly be back for some more clothes."  this is a good shop for concert attire. I also bought my winter coat and two leather bags- one was a gift- and several tops and jeans on sale. I can say that I have never paid full price on anything. There are sales every week and you can get email notifications."  if you're into what BR has to offer and you're in the city I also like the staff that work in this particular store.  They are helpful PS - their shoes are actually extremely cute but overlooked - take a look!" You may also get to have a good laugh if you too discover that the manufacturer had installed a right footbed in your left boot."  and outdated nature of this operation during that time. I will admit that the prices are very good and they do have some very helpful employees (believe me after 6 visits in less than two moths I got to meet them all). With the internal systems they have in place you would think it's 1993. I will try to avoid willi's in the future even though it seems to be the only ski shop in town." "This store is home to all of the best big brands plus some smaller boutique-type brands for winter sports. Pricing is fair and reasonable. The results of their ski tuning are the best I've seen anywhere. The staff is friendly  with a ski bag that turned out to be way to small for my skis."  skate and snow boards. Wallerbears reminds me of the surf shops back home in Florida....just without the beach nearby."  this was one of the shops that she and her friends liked to frequent.   Wallerbears is tucked away in the McMullen Creek Shopping Center (on Hwy 51).  They have a good selection of Rainbows & Reef flips and they also stock a pretty good selection of surfer apparel including shirts  so I don't really go there for the surf stuff.  I usually like to go and browse the snowboarding section.  The thing that I'm not too big of a fan of is that their women's snowboard section is a bit small.  There isn't that much for me to choose from.  Their customer service  blows Nordstrom out of the water... kids and adult sizes!  And Sanuks are hard to find... my husband loves them and so does my brother in law (who is a surgeon and on his feet all day).  They are also hip without being hipster :)  But Young Staff is good in a place like this you will probably get better information!  OK where is the Street Art???  What  they have a good return policy.  I purchased skateboards for my sons for Christmas and did so in peace because they do full refund on unused merchandise with receipt within 30 days.  I will be back.  They were also helpful in providing resources for skate parks and lessons and coaches.  I don't know enough about skateboards to rate the product The two guys I worked with were super friendly and extremely helpful. They even let me take home a $3.00 tire pump thingy on an IOU as I didn't have any cash! So.. a few months later and I'm heading back down to pay them back the $3.00."  fun and professional. We highly recommend Sun City Cyclery & Skates."  and they don't treat like a loser because you don't have a $1000 bike. We've bought three bikes from them and traded in two old ones - getting a good price for each. Awesome small shop - really recommend it."  stay away from this shop! He didn't need to treat me with such disregard. They don't deserve your money. Stay away and tell your friends to not support this shop." Good local shop.  I haven't experienced any racism like jayson and can safely say after LONG conversations with a very interesting owner that they are NOT a racist bike shop.  Madison maybe a bit on the hyper-sensitive side when pulling the race card.  it most likely didn't happen and if it did you deserved it.  You expect too much in life and you give NOTHING in return.  You suck for coming on this page and talking trash about the best local sporting store around.  Go shop at a Big Box store where they don't care about you and you can claim all white people are racists all day long.  Dick head!" "This paddle sport supply store is stocked to the rafters with a staggering selection of everything you could possibly ever need to get your crazy paddle on.  Owners  I would suggest you consider other stores in the Madison area. I frequent several other stores that have excellent follow-through and place greater emphasis on customer satisfaction." One word of warning - you will want to buy something I will definitely come back - we are looking at another purchase for my wife." Great place to rent kayaks for a little bit of exercise and sun... Stopped here on my way up north and picked up a paddleboard. Staff was super attentive and knowledgeable while helping me get correct board for my size. I will definitely go back. cBZ4iVkTtTEsHfezroc8hg  and I'm eying a pair from a company based in Denver that uses 95% recycled material to make a Cadillac-like kick. If you're not up for the investment I often like to gauge a business by the happiness of its employees and when I talk with them about working at Rutabaga  and SUPs for half days and full days. The only way its worth the money is going all day. Multiple people acted really rude. They treat you like an idiot. We got there at like 5 at night and acted like they were pissed they had to do work and help people. Tons of paper work to fill out. Don't park in there parking lot or they tell you to move onto the street when theres no one in there parking lot. The front seat on the canoe was very narrow if you were a big dude you would be really umcomftable. They did have the fabric seats compared to metal seats  staff is friendly and knowledgeable. They connected us with guides for our Apostle Islands trip and we had a great time! Thank you :)" I wasted 5 hours of my Life and a 1/2 tank of gas which was $20 just to be lied to and disrespected. That's Not living life and I would have hoped a company that sells goods in the field of Enjoying Life would hire people who have that passion and respect for their customers." "Excellent service and helpful staff.  Just awesome that you have the opportunity to ""test paddle"" in the little lagoon behind the store.  Today Ian was super patient in teaching us how to mount our kayaks on the car"  with used and new options. Reserving books online was definitely a time saver. It has a year round t-shirt deal  but lately I am so far from a fan. I'm now an off campus grad student and I ordered a textbook for class in plenty of time which they decided to not ship because they assumed I would want to pick it up...umm hello check the adress! So I got the book super late and was unable to be prepared for class which My recommendation: email your professors before the semester starts to ask what books you'll need.  Order the books on Amazon or eBay." But cheap when they sell means cheap when they buy back..."  which is something you definitely notice the few days before each semester starts when EVERYONE's buying their textbooks.  Despite the super long looking lines  but not as nice as IBE. I recommend buying online from Amazon Prime or abebooks.com first. I also suggest students use the rewards card TIS offers to gain an addition 10% buyback rate from the standard 55%." "I wish I could give 0 stars. Two days ago I purchased an iClicker here for $57.50 including tax. This afternoon I attempted to return the unopened product with the original receipt. I was told they could offer me $19.00 for it Very inexpensive place to get custom tshirts made!!! Great service and QUICK turnaround!! There is very limited parking that would only be the downfall :( This is the company responsible for making my guys look good in uniforms. We appreciate your input when it comes to ordering our uniforms.  trophies and other business marketing materials for many years. They always do an awesome job at reasonable prices. I highly recommend them."  they will show you the best options for your budget. I had ordered some shirts from Thunderbird Trophies for my classmates and I for our graduation. We are very happy with them. The turn around was fast and got done right in time before my graduation week. Thanks Joey and Michelle!" "Don't bother with this place unless you have a big order that will make them money. I just needed some labels for a growler. I was never called back "I agree with the previous review by Samantha regarding the service. There are guys who will flat out ignore you and some that will really go out of their way. I purchased my fairly high dollar Kona from them a couple years ago and have been happy with the way they treated me since. Jorge comes across extremely gruff  the prices are comparable.  What you are really paying for is knowledge and service.  The service sucks at the pig.  Buy your bike else where  found out about a local bmx/bike concrete park in the area. Definitely headed there straight after."  and reminded me why it is almost always worth it to seek out small "Rock on Slippery Pig.  I  bought bike for my daughter and within a week  she got a flat.  She was crushed.  It was on a Saturday and I had heard about the Slippery Pig so I took  the bike up there.  The store was busy 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q  some might say they deserve 4 because I am being too tough. I am pretty easy going and patient and the fact that I am still left with a bike that needs adjustment after dropping $70  I want help. The help I got came of as condescending and I left the store with a bad taste in my mouth about coming back. Hope others have a better experience!"  or they are incompetent. I think a little of both are involved. Because of this  as that is when they move into the new place next door to Lux coffee shop on Central Avenue. you should get in there if you need lights or bike pumps  I was told the back wheel was not true.  It was true for the whole short week since I purchased it from Walmart.  I plan to take it to their competitor (Landis) and pay the extra $15-$25) to have the wheel put back to the straight condition it was in when I brought it to Slippery Pig in the first place.   I would never give a shop another penny for an extra service I should never have needed on a brand new bike which coasted perfectly when I brought it in." Definitely recommend them as friendly  etc. Eric even took the time to give me a mini lesson on how to fix a flat/replace a tube and how to adjust the clips on my shoes (after he took the time to secure them in for me in the first place). This was not because his bike shop was quiet and there wasn't any other work to do...this is because that is just the kind of guy he is and the type of bike shop he runs. You might have to wait a while to get help when its busy but they're gonna take good care of you when they do. The guys are a laid back group who love to shoot the shit and talk about bikes  I think I'll bring my bike here for parts and service in the future.  It's closer to my house "I've tried so hard after countless opportunities that you guys had just to be an acceptable go to bike shop...you've failed just about every time.  Horrible customer service countless times  which is really a plus in my book;  expect dogs to sniff your butt and lick your legs (...and more)...while you browse.  Eli and his his Cally are adorable...." Good selection for store size." I had a very expensive and painful lesson in buying mountain bikes.  Don't go to the slippery pigs  aka ""Fat Bike""...  They ""had one that  needed to be built.""  I said: ""Build it and I will come.""  I rode out of there a couple of hours later with the coolest bike I have ever owned.  The staff was totally hip and cool and GREAT and communicating and relating to my needs as a cyclist. I would not go anywhere else.  Do yourself a favor and buy your next bike at  the Slippery Pig."  these people really do have a cool thing going on.  Patronize this place; I doubt you'll regret it." I'll reserve a fifth star for when I either buy a bike or get some more substantial service here. In the meantime 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q Could it be the client service was directly related to my relationship with the staff.  You decide.  Could I have saved more buying on-line?  Sure.  But if you're in the mtb scene it's all about community.  I know the folks at Flat Tire These guys really know their stuff. I really enjoy visiting about bikes and it seems that they do too. They are always willing to offer suggestions as well as give me what I want even if it strays from their suggestions. The owner and sporting professionals that work here are some of the best in the valley. bb.  because your man with the beard right behind you set it up like this a few weeks ago." I'm a slippery pig customer for life!"  one of the techs was cooking some up in the back. So I showed him my ink and he offered me a piece. They did an initial inspection of my bike and told me it would be done by Wednesday. Unfortunately  and always a job well done. Even if it's as simple as a flat tire or a broken chain."  the guy that helped us out said to bring it back tomorrow and they would fix it.  Yikes.  But once we explained that we would be riding the bikes home he let us bring it back in and they quickly tightened the chain.  No problems since!"  great shop and tons of accessories/parts for no matter what you ride. I was very impressed and I plan on going back regularly. I moved to Phx from Tempe and was worried about ho would be my new bike shop."  and they organize night rides which are funnnn." This shop is located close to my house and Eric and Eli are hilarious and also know a thing or two about bikes. They also do a great job of supporting the riding community. I have been to slippery pig a half a dozen times in the last few months since moving in nearby. I have nothing but great things to say about the shop. They are friendly and courteous and I haven't experienced any of that bike snobbery that comes with LBS. I am glad I found a local shop with great service I am a fan and I will be back for all my bike needs." 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q Love this place great staff good prices  the staff is there to answer questions love my local businesses  Landis and PHX Bike. Neither one of these places hold a candle to Slippery Pig. You're greeted before the door even swings shut behind you. Everyone is SUPER nice and knowledgeable. Service is always quick. They even go above and beyond what you ask them to do. My most recent trip brought me in to fix a flat on my beach cruiser. I left it there The second time I came into this shop was because I needed my fox rear shop sent in for warranty work. I gave him the shock and it was sent in to fox. I was told there would be a 10 day turn around to get it fixed and back at the shop ready for pickup. Fox called the shop and told them my shock was no longer available. I was originally told that it would cost $100 to get it fixed with the warranty through fox. After fox called the shop and told them they didn't have my shock any more  or asked if I had any questions about the bikes. They just completely and outright ignored me like I wasn't there. Don't suggest going there if you're a woman because a guy walked in behind me and he was helped right away. If I could give 0 stars I would."  shame on me.  Ignore me three times I'd gladly recommend anybody here and as far as I'm concerned this is the best bike shop in Cen_Pho."  these guys really impressed me with their friendliness and willingness to find out what I wanted to do with a bike. One bike shop I went into just looked at me and pointed out a cruiser  I don't recommend this place."  and were laid back and courteous.  I love that my cruiser feels like new again.  Thanks guys!!  Because of that great experience I brought a newly purchased single gear bike here to have a new saddle installed.  The nice gentleman helping noticed the stripped hex bolt on the seat post and replaced it First ride went well. I will be back to support the shop"  trustworthy and fun to be in. I found a bike home at Slippery Pig. Not only did they beat every shops price on the brand new this year model women's specific Amira but they did a professional fit free of charge!!! That's unheard of. My first 100 mile tune up was also free. I've been back in the shop just to hang out "I have been there several times over the last month since I started biking more. The community is great and they go out of their way to try to get you what you need. Even if you're not a big time cycler He then asked me for an astronomical price for something that should cost very little. I asked what the problem was and he said that this is the special light weight product and that I would probably rather have the standard issue. This was unknown to me and more complicated because prices were not given for these items. He then walked me back and helped me find exactly what I was looking for. I paid and was on my way knowing I would never return to this shop."  brakes readjusted (overfilled) and a brand new chain because the chain was a link too short causing shift issues."  and they went above and beyond what any shop has ever done for me.  I am a loyal customer and will recommend this place to riders of all levels." These guys are great and super helpful!  I am just starting to get into biking and they were very helpful with everything.  They even assembled my bike rack and put it on my xterra for me and showed me how to strap my bike in.  I will be bring friends and family back to shop for their bikes here too! "Terrific service.  Was having problems changing out pedals; took it in late on a Saturday and they changed them out right away "I bought my sister a beach cruiser for xmas and didn't have the tools to finish putting it together .  I took it to The Slippery Pig and they offered me assistance almost immediately.   They were knowledgable "Every time I've come in someone helped me immediately  friendly and knowledgeable. Great selection of quality bikes and accessories too! Eric  and the service was once again impeccable! I cannot rave enough about this shop. Yes they get busy and may not be able to get right to you but be patient as they are very knowledgeable and will never make you feel rushed or ignorant. If your in central Phoenix  but this error has had a major impact on our trip. We are now in Mexico with an ineffective tire. They could have at least offered some sort of discount  I've had to frequent this shop for many different bike needs related to bike theft (Oh A solid experience at the Pig..not sure why its called that but I bought two bikes and was given a host of info and prompt service. I felt like these guys care enough to take care of you after the purchase. Also they were understanding of my beginner needs without making me feel stupid - My neighbor recommended these guys and they didn't disappoint. From my first call the five star service began. I traveled from Chicago to do a Triathlon with some friends. I didn't want the expense or the hassle of shipping my bicycle so I called Slippery Pig on a friends recommendation. I was able to rent a great bike for the event and they bent over backwards to make sure I had everything I needed. The selection of bicycles in inventory was vast and they are really knowledgable. Make sure to stop in!  very poor!!! We bought a bike on Saturday and we had a flat on Tuesday and we were mislead by their salesperson. She said that if we had a flat with in a couple of days of purchase that it would be complimentary to fix.  Not so!!!  We spoke with the owner Eric and he said that was not true.  He mention that he would talk with his sales person.  Eric did not charge us labor to fix the flat just charge to replace the tube.  I would give them no stars but the tech did upgrade the tubing for the standard tubing rate.  If you don't care about customer service or do not care about being mislead then this is the bike shop for you.  However  but now they have a customer - for the future - and I just e-mailed them about renting a bike later in the summer. It is also right across the street fom the light rail I wish I had recorded my experience." I seriously could not recommend this place any higher.  Places like THIS are why you go to the LBS over a big box store." 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q  but Slippery Pig is not that place. The staff are helpful to beginners and still can handle the finicky experts. Regular customers are treated like family!" Great prices. Owner is awesome. Manager is soso. .  Thanks guys for the three new bikes.  and beat his black lab on the sidewalk. Animal abuse is inexcusable behavior. I certainly will not patronize this place again." My advice to management is to keep Employee Mike in the back where he can safely change flat tires These guys are great!!! Eric is great and very easy to work with. I drove by about 6 bike shops to buy my new 6Fattie (Orange) and it was well worth it. I will use them for all of my ongoing bike needs. I highly recommend this casual bike shop that loves mountain bikes. You just want to hang out there all day! This is a little piece of bicycle heaven! Another Yelp score! The guys in the shop greeted me with a smile. They knew exactly what I needed and took care of me quickly. I was really impressed by the service! Came in to have a bike serviced that I had purchased online. Staff was friendly and got the bike running in great condition. Prompt and courteous.  unknowingly they only sold mountain bikes. Tried asking questions to get more information and refused to help."  but glad I did and being very close to home is a plus for my services. Thanks gents!" Lacks customer service and help when shop is busy."  eager to help you or chat about bikes. They fix and repair bikes on the spot  but the service is why Sun has been so successful."  they have an awesome selection to choose from. what are you waiting for? the weather is GORGEOUS outside so let's go cruising! if all else fails  and perfect selection of what they have to offer." These guys are great and I'm so glad I can ride my bike around the corner to the store.  I'll be a frequent shopper!" Great service and I think they have uprights."  and then re-assemble and pimp out the new bike. Totally exceeded my expectations!" But all in all this was a fun detour on our errand day. Great customer service. Amazing bike selection. Cool store. Hey. Maybe it is time for me to get some wheels. Last bike I bought was in 6th grade...a Schwinn Varsity 10 speed...I think it was around $70. I had to dust a lot of furniture at Bernard's to get that baby..."  but in a darling cruiser-type bike purchased from a cute little local bike shop?  The service and selection at Sun Cyclery were top-notch.  Adam was incredibly helpful on each of my (count 'em) 4 visits when deciding which bike to purchase.  Since looks were my main criteria for choosing a bike  which were inflated inside the box to keep it all snug and secure!  Creative attention to detail  hardworking and you feel like they care about you as a person!  I have been back several times and come out a happy camper!  Sun Cyclery rocks!"  you will not go wrong at Sun. Places like this are truly a lost art. They really love bikes don't to go Landis - go to Sun Cyclery." Excellent place. They have some really neat bikes at a great price. Brought my bike in to have them put a new tube in and check the chain and it was done very quick and ran about 25 bucks.  and said ""don't tell me about customer service!"" Wow! Obviously someone needs to tell him because he hasn't got a clue. He could not have handled the situation worse than he did. There are so many great bike shops in Phoenix that thankfully I will never have to support those thugs ever again. I would suggest that  and I bought the like and accessories that I would have purchased at the other shop. and guess what. Sun Cyclery has another loyal customer!" jYyfLGMURG2pQ6k80R4eZA  knowledgeable sales team. Great selection in all price ranges. Big help in picking out the right bike for my granddaughter."  or an urban rider. Great costumer services ; Adam is very nice and helpful! I'd recommend anyone to buy a bike here "Went in to my first bike store to start shopping around and realized I didn't need to look any further! Great help from Adam "Someone climbed up my 2nd floor balcony and decided they needed my bike more than I needed it for work. Joe was great in helping me to replace my Electra Townie. I had been to three other bike shops before I came here. The people just weren't interested in selling a bike or they were skate boarders treating me like I was too old to ride a bike. The selection at Sun Cyclery is vast. I upgraded my bike and outfitted it with everything I need. Joe made suggestions and let me chose what I thought was best for me. There was no pressure.  He was very knowledgeable about  every aspect of my needs. In the future  mountain and road bikes.  I have been to all of the other bike shops in town and Joe and his crew are the most knowledgable.  If they don't have what you need they will order it.  And they will even send you to their competitors if you are desperate for parts. Great selection of cruisers and an improving selection of road bikes.  They now carry a great selection of Cannondale  road bikes.  Looking for baskets and cruiser saddles  a different guy helped us and we were in and out. No wait time. The staff seem very nice and helpful. The price wasn't too bad. When I originally called about pricing "Asked sales associate if they match competitors prices and was told ""we don't have competitors"". We told him if that's the case then we'll just go back over to your competitor and buy from them."  nice guys.  They recommended the tougher inner tubes for my bike  the staff was really friendly and helped find the right bike for her. Thanks cool people at S.C"  harvesting my brother's old bike of things I could use on my new bike." There outstanding customer service has resulted in us purchasing another Electra and a whole bunch of accessories.  We also referred my mother-in-law who just purchased a cruiser there as well. All the guys are super friendly and love to talk bikes. We will keep going back and referring everyone we know"  I decided to come back in a few weeks later with some items that I purchased online as they weren't available in store. Hard to believe because they have a TON of accessories.  Joe was more than happy to install the outside items and absolutely went above and beyond in making the bike look like new again. I mean My double jogging stroller had a flat tire and trouble folding. Their service was excellent and quick! I'm a new customer but I will be back! Thanks guys!!  Sun Cyclery has an awesome selection of bike accessories. Have fun decking out your ride!" Allan came and helped me just as soon as I walked in and was really patient with me while I asked him a slew of questions and gave me the various options that would work best for me.  Great customer service and even put my bike features on the bike in no time and back to the house for a ride I went! I never really intended to buy anything that day but  Allans enthusiasm sold me. I ended up buying a beautiful Catrike Road with some accessories knowing full well that I wouldn't see it again until May when my parents came home. I only wish  I had a shop like this back home." and when I called back a few days ago to ask about my brakes they said to bring it right in and they would  repair it for free.  Worked with Joe today and he and the crew are the friendliest  and most helpful people. It does not get any better then this people. Shop here  If you're in the market for a bicycle or just need a tuneup you should absolutely stop at Sun Cyclery. Say hello for me!" Great customer service. Very attentive. No frills. No pressure. I had a tune up on my bike. They hit the splash guard with something whole adjusting it which banged it up a little bit. That was the only bummer from the whole experience. I will definitely go back. Just bought a beach cruiser from these guys and everything went great. The staff is knowledgable and friendly.  It is evident that They have been there a while and know what they are doing  the experience keeps getting better. Joe once again has gone above and beyond with helping to tend to my bike and ensuring I am safe on the road. All the staff is so friendly and willing to answer questions  I'd first like to thank that tiny part of my sleep-deprived brain that refused to believe options A and B were even options at all. Bravo  and extremely helpful in an honest and down to earth way. Much better treatment than I've gotten at other bike shops in town. Will be going to them first in the future for anything I need. Thanks Guys."  having found Sun Cyclery and met Adam. Check this out! He even provided me with a bicyclist's law handbook and another booklet that includes bikes trails and paths. So thoughtful! He looked at my bike (fixie) and told me the tires needed air. I couldn't believe it until he brought out the pump and showed me the psi readings. The bike felt even better afterwards. Another thing he noted was the angle of my seat being slanted downward. He provided an adjustment to level it out. Also For the uneducated bike user this is a great place for learning and people to tell it how it is! Also for bike accessory  prices I found them to be reasonable - having higher end items in stock but also more affordable options! A+ experience !"  quick and offered advice to help maintain the life of my tires and bike itself. No longer will I waste my money in Tempe  all of them are super helpful and know what they're talking about.  Adam made sure my bike and I were completely taken care of and didn't make me feel rushed even though I stayed until closing time.  Love my bike and they did a great job on the tune up!  Will definitely be back for any and all bike needs and accessories!  Thank you!" jYyfLGMURG2pQ6k80R4eZA Great place. I come here for bike boxes when I need to ship something big. They always come through. I've bought tires here as well and they carry everything from budget minded components up to high end stuff. Very knowledgeable staff...great place to go. Josh and the guys at Sun Cyclery were so helpful with disassembling and reassembling my bike for me to paint myself! I was happily surprised when I picked my bike up to see that they had taken it upon themselves to add reflectors in the front/back and on the front bike wheel just because they are nice guys (I never asked them to nor did I know that was a thing I needed) super friendly! "A+ Excellent customer service and attention to detail! We have purchased two beach cruisers here in the past and had been bad about upkeep and maintenance. Showed up 1.5 hours before closing and were able to get new chain I will never step in your store again."  needed a new tube @ wanted to do A LOT of other things to the bike said it was unsafe. Brand new Motobecane bike. Got the tube and declined on the rest. Paid $32.00. Same thing kept happening to.the rear tire. Took it to Slippery Pig bikeshop said the air valve needed to be screwed shut. Works great didn't charge me a dime.I'm thinken I got screwed out of $32.00. Maybe maybe not. It's the Slippery Pig for all of my future bike needs." Best bike shop in town. Joe and the guys always so friendly and helpful. They take good care of my 2 bikes. Won't go anywhere else. Shout out to Adam who took the time on a very busy Dec 23 to set me up w/ a great Cannondale foray for my daughter. He had it assembled and ready for p/u the next morning. It looked great under the tree on the 25th! jYyfLGMURG2pQ6k80R4eZA  light mint blue with chocolate and pink colored handle bar grips! We didnt have a lot of time and it was in the box still...so they offered to build after they got done with a bike ahead of our new one. They could see we reluctantly said ok becauee we were pressed for time so they went above and beyond and grabbed some more guys and got it put together. Once together  this is the place to go. Shout out to Josh-he was awesome to work with." "Yesterday I went into Sun Cyclery to see if they had a bracket for my bike light that I purchased from Sun a couple of years ago.  My bike was stolen with the bracket attached "My husband and I both just purchased Electra Cruisers here. Absolutely the best place to go for a bicycle. We went to more than 15 shops across the valley and nothing compares. They have the best selection A few weeks ago a woman told me that Famous Footwear is great about returns even without a receipt. I crossed my fingers and took his shoes in to exchange them for a new pair. I was pleasantly surprised when they exchanged the shoes for me without a fuss or dirty look. I really appreciated the understanding given to my situation and the smooth process of exchanging the defective shoes." I went into the store today and 2 girls were chatting with a customer/friend at the front door. They didn't look at me or acknowledged the fact that I walked in. I wondered around the store looking and tried so shoes on and decided to wait until the customer left to see if they would say hello. Well...the customer left and they continued to stay up front talking. They never once acknowledged me. I proceeded to walk out of the store and they didn't even look at me or say bye. It was the worst service I have had in a long time. I could have taken the entire store and these 2 wouldn't have known. Very very poor service. I feel bad for whoever is paying them. Great customer service last night I can't remember her name darn it but she was so patient I downloaded the app and all for the additional discount coming back for my daughters shoes for school tomorrow . Went to get boots for my daughter who is size 11. I wasn't very optimistic I would find a pair on x-mass eve in her size. But I did! Super cute! They had 3-4 to choose from that were in her size! I'm amazed and I was literally out of there in less than 10 min!!!!  I needed this bike.  I live in Arcadia and have driven by the Bike Barn hundreds of times... but now it was my time to explore what they had in store for me.  I went on the website and had picked out a fierce black cruiser with pink flames... at the time this matched my mood so I felt that it had my name written all over it.  I snuck out of work and went straight there.  There it was! My furious cruiser staring right at me!  The sales person came up to me and asked how he could help.  I immediately responded with I want this one..... Sadly I was informed that it was a children's bike.  Now you understand how little I know about bikes.  He kindly escorted me to the adult section were I discovered a baby blue cruiser that made my heart melt.  It was dressed in a giant red bow and had white flowers painted on it  with a fabulous rental bike totally fitted for me!  Can't wait to go back to Scottsdale so I can get another ride in."  they won't even try to help you out. I was turned away before they even tried to take a look at my bike because it's a little bit older than most bicycles."  and now teaches classes on bicycle mechanics. For more info email him at bikesintl@netzero.com"  and returned a few weeks later to make a purchase.  The service was excellent.  They offer a free tune-up once you break your bike in.  I have had so much fun on my Townie!  One of my friends bought the very same model  polite and platinum quality service is what you get from Sun.  Avoid Bike Barn at all costs!  Go to Sun!"  but a little bit more expensive than their competitor. I had my bike tuned up here for $60 and they did a good job. However my friend of mine told me that I could have gotten it for $40 somewhere else. Maybe their rent is high at this location. The staff was nice though."  I'll take my bikes to somewhere that knows what customer service is"  there prices were comparable if not slightly cheaper than other places. I have no idea why anyone would think this particular store is more expensive.....Maybe to Wal-mart?"  and searched the computer to find out the availability and prices for 2012 models. She made me feel very comfortable and educated me on bikes and riding.  She rocks."  or the staff is having a good day...good for you.  I won't be back."  but I'm done.  Prices for basic repairs are way over priced and this last time I took one of my bike in they could not fix it and they still wanted to charge me for it!!!!    Then I come home and fix it myself in 30 min!   ---Go to Landis and not this place."  least helpful people I've ever experienced at a bike shop. They were annoyed that we got there 20 minutes before closing and practically shooed us out the door promptly at 5 'til. We rode our bikes there and bought a basket for my cruiser (and a couple other things) and asked them if they had a tool we could use to put it on real quick. They said ""maybe if you got here 25 minutes earlier we could help you."" I mean  so its unfortunate that ill probably never give them business again (unless there's an emergency  because I kept getting flats on my back tire. Ron helped me and was very thorough. Not only did he fix the ongoing problem but he cleaned up my bike.  So I left with the problem completely fixed AND a shiny bike!  That's called customer service in my book-something sorely lacking in the US.   And I just brought it in again on Friday after a long ride because my odometer has not been working properly.  I thought they might be able to fix it for me. The tried but were unable to. Ron once again helped me. He sold me a very reasonably priced odometer that perfectly fits my needs. He did not oversell me. And because I didn't have enough cash on me "Never even been here... I was shopping for a bike at Landis and asked the wifey to go outside and call BB to price shop a similar bike... She was shocked when she came back at how rude the guy was on the phone  and my first call was taken by a female who was so helpful and patient with all my questions. I decided that I would definitely bring my bike and my husband's bike in for what we needed. The next day I called to ask how long the service would take If you are putting a different product than purchased it should be told to the customer and they should not be shamed when asking about it." From beach cruisers to road bikes and all ages this shop is a great place to buy and get work on your bikes. Thanks Bike Barn"  the bike was literally brand new.  They hooked me up with a water bottle and flat kit.  They quickly installed my pedals and made a few fitting adjustments.  I returned the bike about 30 min after my 4 hour rental and they didn't charge me.  Awesome service.  Highly recommend if you are looking for a quality bike rental when visiting Phoenix."  I like coming to this store enough to drive out of my way (I no longer live in the neighborhood) to pick up things for my bike.  I have a new bike now and have had them fit me to it Two years pass by......and I'm happy to report the boys are rockin it hard core at Bike Barn. I walked in the other day and two ( two!!) greeted me.  When I looked confused one asked if he could help me. Mary was still bustling around doing her magic but the Guys added a sense of ease.....and it was nice. So yep Bike Barn... . Love me some Bike Barn.  and I really don't understand any of the negative comments about service  one of the mechanics helped me get some bearings for the headset because one of them was completely rotted! Luckily one of the original ones was still in great condition. I told him I'd like to replace both since I'm re-doing the bike. He said he didn't have those exact ones but had some that will work perfectly. He went to the back & picked out new bearings... Got home and nowhere near close to fitting! Asked him some more questions about other pieces I'd need. He seemed completely annoyed at the questions I'd ask & just working there in general. Seems like he just wants to get through the day just to get to the cold brewskis in the fridge at home. The guy with the buzzed head & lady that work at Bike Barn are super nice. Unfortunately  I bought the bike from them too) and then refused to provide the first tune-up free as they had promised.  I will not be returning to Bike Barn for any future purchases.  They simply are not trustworthy."  that we came back and had them order the bikes for us. Plus they gave us a discount since we bought two bikes. They built my bike in just a couple hours for me Love the staff! Good peeps!"  10 minutes and $15 bucks later I was out the door.  Needless to say they are fast...plus friendly & the prices are reasonable.  I will be back!" Focusing on the important stuff On a road trip and the Thule rack started to lean. These guys tightened it up (w/o charge) and sent us on our way much relieved. Thanks. Brought my bike in to get it repaired and left with both tires flat told that they are dry rotted even though they are less than 2 months old.  I don't believe that my bike was stored in the correct way.  I recommend fixing your bike yourself if you have the tools or the ability which I should have done in the first place I guess * Balloon tires on beach cruisers: They were created for a soft ride and initially popular on the beach. (This store has a variety of styles. I'd go take a peak. I'm not giving you the full answer! :)"  he went above and beyond in making my bike ride-able until I could source repair parts for this 10-yr old bike (e.g. Dura Ace 7700/7800 derailleur and rubber brake hood for Dura Ace 7700 9-spd shifter).  This past week  will probably take it back tomorrow.  They did fix my rear brake for $20.oo very zippy  there was a sign on the door saying ""Computer Down"" and the employee was very nice but said they couldn't help me in any way. Honestly I was frustrated. I know he is just an employee and not an owner but I feel like he could have helped me with two tire tubes and I could have given him cash and we both could have gone about our day. Instead I was refused service because of a computer outage and had to walk my bike home resulting in missing out on a group bike ride that afternoon. Maybe I'm Old School but computers don't have to run everything My girlfriend got some gift cards that we wanted to use for some cycling shoes.  Mary the manager was extremely helpful in getting her fitted with the correct shoe and explaining all the features and benefits.  Based on her excellent customer service I will be using them exclusively in the future/ Also 4 stars for one of the other reps who took my drivers license because I was test riding a bike.  I was about the leave the store and he never gave it back to me. Had to run back in and tell them that he forgot to give it back. Not sure of his name  REALLY don't recommend this shop."  great quality mountain bikes.  Super easy  be NICE to people when they are actually spending their time in your business and SPENDING their hard-earned money to support your livelihood. during several trips to Bike Barn over the course of three years  I fall in love with a different bike. I'm currently eyeing a mint green Electra in the window and have already picked out a super cute bell and basket that would make it just perfection! Their bike accessories are top notch. They literally have every kind of basket that you could want! However "I'm surprised to see all of the bad reviews about this place- we had such an awesome experience with their service center. We found them kind It has a great variety of bikes and loads of parts and accessories. The service is superb and there are no ""bike snobs"". The staff are amazingly friendly and welcome! I stop by when ever I'm nearby!" "I had two bikes in for tune-ups. One guy (initials JF) did a great job of fixing up an old beatup bike and even called me to make sure that some extra work he needed to do was okay. Then another guy (KO) worked on the second bike and replaced two tires instead of two tubes (as requested) without so much as calling me. He tried to lie and say that my phone number didn't work--but it was the exact same number on the other ticket. Then he tried to say that my voicemail didn't work To say that they had poor customer service would be an understatement.  Service did not exist!  I walked around for 10 minutes without even an acknowledgment... Too busy taking to each other to offer even a simple hello!  I won't be back that is for sure! Awesome and helpful place! They have everything to get your bike running again!  this is not the easiest task.  Mary and the great folks at Bike Barn helped me to identify two separate 'tall' models of Electra bikes.  The one I originally decided on actually didn't fit me as well as I'd thought it would  the employees don't want to be there any more than I do. Small talk is impossible and it just lacks the vibe of a cool local shop. I always use this mantra when spending my money: If you can't pretend I am the coolest person on the planet for the short amount of time we interact  but AHS is great.  And definitely worth a visit."  there was Arizona Hiking Shack. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. They are very good at fitting their customers with the right gear. They make every effort to be sure that you have what you need and are prepared for your hike b-IWZuVd3f0GcbtetwG5WA  as they close earlier than larger retailers."  he explained to me why X shoe would be better for than Y shoe as well as helped me understand for the first time why i need an orthotic insert.  my feet are feeling GREAT!  i am so happy with them  go here!  Your choices are somewhat limited but they'll do their best to find something that works for you!" Patient and knowledgable folks who clearly love and use these products. They cherry-pick selections so you don't have to. Go here first and support local business. NOTE- After 40 years they are not on Cave Creek anymore. They moved down to Thomas."  they sell EVERYTHING you need for the outdoors except bikes. tons of rock climbing and mountaineering goods!" Very helpful. Knew exactly what I needed (a grappling hook) and pointed me in the right direction. I will use them again. Very nice.  kayaking and hiking/climbing equipment and attire. They have a huge selection of books and maps and their customer associates are knowledgeable and friendly who are also outdoor enthusiasts A nice shop with a silly policy. This shop seemed like a nice find but I had a bad experience. I went in to rent a climbing harness for a few days. I was charged $52. To a neophyte like me this seemed like a good deal but it would have been nice if the worker had told me that they sell better harnesses than the one I rented for less than the rental charge. When I went to return the harness I suggested that instead of being charged for the rental I buy a harness plus a locking carabiner and an ATC. They declined my offer and so I will be taking my business to REI in the future.  don't kid yourself and trust on-line salespeople and purchases.  Don't wander into REI. Instead "Excellent experience. My son is a new boy scout and in need of back packing gear. Judd was terrific. Patient with our questions and he had my son try on different packs and then loaded them with weight. Of the packs we looked at Stopped in to browse & was saying what a great store they had.  I hike often & have horses so I could have spent a lot of $ there. Have a friend looking for a kayak & asked a simple question about the used kayaks @ the front  ... The sales guy gave me a very condescending answer & chuckled. I will never go back & will spread the word!!   Thx  while still being ""in line"" to purchase boots. Maybe if the attendant said ""I will come find you when we're done"" or take a number."  every piece of hiking/climbing/backpacking gear I own is from this shop  glad you are still here !"  but be prepared to pay the price for it. If you're a serious outdoors enthusiast it may be worth it I was searching for a pair of Costa Sunglasses and located the Arizona Hiking Shack via Costa. These Amazing sunglasses are hard to find in Phoenix. Their selection of technical clothing was also impressive. True specialty shops are a rare find these days. I intend on supporting these professionals! Very friendly staff but not the best selection of gear and the price aren't the best. There are  better stores. I can't say enough about the quality of the staff... The best!" "Amazing this place stays in business given the owner's lack of customer service. I went in today looking for an Imlay Canyonero rope. After waiting around ~10 minutes the owner came to help me. He showed me an Imlay rope and I said ""that's a Canyonfire"" to which he replied ""I have no idea."" Then he started telling me about the differences between nylon and polyester rope and that the Canyonero is not a good rope for getting wet. I said I need the Canyonero it's the rope I want and it was designed to get wet. He left  biking and everything to do with trails b-IWZuVd3f0GcbtetwG5WA Well stocked hiking store with an interested I got greeted immediately when I walked into the store! The man helped me with exactly what I needed and exactly what I was looking for. He was very knowledgeable with his product! I really appreciate the great service and how genuine he was when he help me out today! I will be back for sure! Everyone here was pretty helpful and knowledgeable about hiking trails. Would definitely come back here to rent or buy equipment. Thank you so much! I look forward to breaking-in my new Scarpas!" They don't open until 10am though so don't show up too early!"  super friendly super knowledgeable and really love what they do. They have a great amount of options for gear and although they are a little on the pricey side I'd much rather support a local business where you have knowledge sales people who are really passionate about what they do." After looking at rei and champs we stumbled on this place on a hunch to get hiking boots. We were not only surprised by the help but they supplied us with routes and just genuine help.. These guys are great and I'd highly recommend anyone who is serious about hikingor outdoor activities to go here. Cheaper rental rates and overall amazing support.. These guys don't just work here they love the outdoors as well.. You won't regret going here..  thought I was going to get some hiking boots for a Oregon trip and didn't know much about them. After going to Rei and another sporting goods store we found this on a whim and got not only amazing boots which I'm grateful for but got a great place for information and service. They not only explained the boots but offered maps to hike in the area and gave their full attention to us the entire time with no hassles. We also rent a tent from this location which they showed how it worked and answered all of our questions. Very cool place Incredible product selection if camping/hiking/being outside is your thing. Over the moon smart employees who really know their stuff. The team is there to help you  friendly and fun staff. Places like this make me love and want to support small business. If they do not have it Great place to get gear.  40 plus years of rope rescue and spending long periods of time in the mountains. You will be steered to the right gear for the best price.  helpful and beyond patient. Very relaxed vibe when you walk in. Not at all intimidating. I rented hiking poles two weeks ago. The rental price was incredibly affordable. Unfortunately  how heavy a pack do I carry and where did I intend to use the new shoes along with a variety of ther questions. He recommended an OBOZ shoe (which was not one of my options at the time). He even provided me with the sock I was to use. He measured my foot and found I was a size 8.5 instead of 8. After trying them on and changing the lacing to accommodate my heel I loved the shoe and bought it on the spot. He did provide another shoe to try to see if it was better but it was not. I have been hiking in the new shoe and I could not be happier." I wait here to rent a backpack for a weekend hiking trip and they were so helpful. They get you the right size tell you where to pack things and even give tips for whatever hike you were doing. Dano and Jack helped me safe my life. Long story.... next time I need saving again I will so totally find them wherever they are on this planet that's how amazing they are keep up the good work men you turn me into a badass survivalist woman.  good sales. If they don't have your size they will mail them to you at no additional charge" Great selection of shoes and good sales. I bought these shoes and the bottoms were really dirty from the sales floor. The woman working there was helpful and nice Now I am stuck with a store credit for a store that I won't go to again!" The staff is very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about skiing. Considering we're in Phoenix  I wish they had a bigger selection of larger-size men's gloves. It took a few minutes to dig out a pair of XLs that I liked. Most of the gloves were in the S to M size range. Looked like they had a good selection of skis/boots/etc... Staff was very friendly and helpful."  nice tune & wax.  Been coming here for a few years." I get my skis worked on here regularly.  They do a great job and always friendly and helpful.   My buddy bought some boots and took them back a couple times for fitting adjustments (normal when you get good boots) and they worked with him until they were perfect.  Quality shop for sure.  once I ride these I will be in a good position to make a decision on which skis I want to buy  so I know good advice when I hear it -- and I appreciate it when the salesman convinces me NOT to spend more money than I need to. (Bonus points for spending so much time with my feet on a 90-degree day... patience of a saint.) Best of all super nice guys and very helpful. nice shop too with tons of options  they knew what they were talking about (which is great because I did not) and they were nice guys. I'd happily spend my money here any day. Thanks This place is a far cry from what it used to be. It used to be a lot bigger with much more selection. I walked in and the store looked half empty. The selection was dreadful. A few things here and there but nothing really like the other shops in town. I mean I know it's Phoenix but there are much better choices out there. Save yourself a trip and go to ski pro.  even if it's just to buy a pair of snowboarding socks and say hi to these guys. They treat you like family. I highly recommend them." For the best in gear and supplies for Paintball & Airsoft go here!" The store is clean and well organized.  This will be our go to spot for all paintball." First of a all I would like to say I live about 45 min away.  The owner is laidback and a really honest guy.  He fixed my sons gun while I waited and charged me $8. I was quoted $20+ at another shop. I'm sure it was not anything big but I know nothing about paintball or paintball guns so honesty is greatly appreciated.  incredibly knowledgeable and the prices are always fair. The fact that they have been here for nearly 12 years says it all - no matter where you are in the valley this place is worth traveling for." 