Dr. Lind and his Assistant made sure I understood my ""at-home"" post-surgical work to insure the best healing outcome!  The Receptionist was great too "I went to this practice after experiencing moderate to severe pain in my right ankle. When I made the appointment I told the person booking the appointment that it was related to my ankle (so they would hopefully assign me to a physician that was versed in that area).  When I went for my appointment "Went to this practice several times and saw Dr. Lind.  We were told that my son needed  an orthotic for planters fascia tis.  We purchased a lower priced orthotic to begin with. The first orthotic failed within a month so we returned and purchased a more expensive orthotic (more than $300) and told it had a 1 year warranty.  Unfortunately  and thorough.  The staff made me feel comfortable despite by broken foot.  The doctors and tech staff were willing and ready answer any questions I had.  They even gave me additional numbers to reach them at if I thought of any further questions.  I highly recommend Dr. Kaiser and Dr. Miller for all of your foot needs.  I was in Charlotte on vacation and needed immediate attention.  I was able to be scheduled quickly and get everything I needed." "Dr. Kaiser did a check up on my broken foot 5 weeks into recovery. Her instructions were very clear and concise.  Her nurse made me feel welcome and comfortable.  I will be sure to come back if I have any further needs- but with my new orthotics  but to give me about 30 min. to get home so that I could write it down.  Of course that part of the message didn't get through because he called me 10 min. later while I was drivng and could take down the name of the infection.  From what I could remember of the type of infection   I highly suggest you find another practice." My son was referred here from our family doctor. My son who is totally affraid of needles and the procedure did amazing. His ingrown and infected toenail was removed and no tears were shed.  In fact laughter and much joking around kept him very happy. Still very professional  even tho there was joking going on. I would recommend this office to anyone with a squeamish child! Dr. Molan is extremely friendly and professional. Takes all the edge out of going to the doctor. ...hope I won't need to go back :)" I have not visited other doctors at the clinic I've been to 3 other orthopedic surgeons over the years in the valley and none with as poorly managed office as this. Do yourself a favor and find a smaller office where you'll be treated like a person rather than a number." I think the address listed here on Yelp is wrong. It's actually SOUTH of Baseline." These physicians at TOCA are terrible. I hope you take my story as advice and do not see them. The time i wasted with them only caused my scoliosis These physicians at TOCA are terrible. I hope you take my story as advice and do not see them. The time i wasted with them only caused my scoliosis I HIGHLY recommend TOCA for your orthopedic concerns and specifically Dr. Cummings especially if you're a high level athlete. Don't mess around; go to the best."  and that's only because I had the nurse bring him back into the room to spend more time with me. Got the bill today...$399 for 10 minutes! Unbelievable! I'm in the wrong industry if a specialist can literally not even examine a patient and make hundreds. Shameful." If you can find another clinic." Too big for their own good. You will feel like a commodity and not a patient." Love Dr. Chhabra....location of this new Tempe building is good. PARKING SUCKS! Bring an extra 10 minutes or you may be late because you can't find a spot to park. I ended up having to park on the street behind their building and walk around to their front door. Wish I could give them no Stars "Did not get too far into the BS. Was on hold for more than 45 mins to make an appointment. Just want to remind you all that this is a ""For-Profit"" organization. Treat them like you would any business that serves you. They do NOT have any special product or service that warrants such crappy service."  Loni).   They were all knowledgeable and friendly.  Even the other ""patients"" were interesting.  I definitely didn't dread going there."  the staff and everyone involved with my experience continue to be nothing more than helpful on my road to recovery."  not the top notch service they provided at one time. Had me see a doctor (as mine was on vacation) who really couldn't give me any answers so I still had to make another appointment as well! Billed my old insurance (even though they had my new card) and sent me a bill for money I did not owe. Time to find a new orthopedic clinic. Good doctors but a mess." "I want everyone to know that Dr ballie treated me like a person he's kind and caring always listens about my concerns  he is the first doctor since my injury that has cared  they treat you like a commodity. Wish I had never called them." After reading the other reviews on here about the lack of thorough patient care and attentiveness- everything I experienced seems to be pretty typical at this office.  I strongly urge others to seek care elsewhere." Go to Dr Leber....he is what you would expect from pro. Az hand and wrist."  but I waited an hour and a half to see a doctor once I was in the patient room. This is unacceptable. What is the point of making an appointment. Also  he was a complete ASS!  He recommended that I come back in 1 month for a followup to check the healing process of my broken arm. The staff could not have been more RUDE and UNHELPFUL in making a follow up! I actually work for a large group of physicians myself in a large practice and I have never heard any staff treat patients like this! If we did we would be out of a job! Worst customer service ever! Do n yourself a favor and find a different group ! Needless to say oZdqBEQLwl85jEQKL6XMPQ  always explain what's going on.  Highly recommend him for any orthopedic problems.  Thank you dr Z...."  my daughter was sent to a pain clinic again saying she was too young for the surgery and rehab would be hard. Shots in the shoulder and neck did not relieve the pain. Then she was prescribed with pain meds. This went on another few years. She was crying in pain everyday and in the night too. I massaged her up to ten times a day and bought every pain topical solution I could find besides taking the pain meds. She cried and  ""begged"" me to cut off her arm several times. We finally went back to Lederman again. This time my daughter refused to take no for an answer...she wanted the surgery. Dr Lederman left the room and came back in saying ""I'm not the man for job. Myself or my staff is not accustomed to working with someone with a TBI."" Then he walked out. Like he did not already know her condition from day one. My daughter suffered terribly for these years of delaying the surgery then refusing to do it. He did refer us to another doctor who turned out to be a blessing with a very caring heart. Dr Dana Seltzer. The surgery WAS difficult and the rehab WAS difficult This group is going to have a rude awakening as provider assessments become more frequent. Time to get a clue on customer service! Next time....Mayo!" "Zoltan DOES NOT rock. Waited over an hour on 2 appointments. The first time I gave him the benefit of the doubt but the second time an hour went by and I got up and left with a knee I could not walk on.  I had to see him due to my great doctor leaving to go to Mayo which was farther for me to drive. I could have taken the drive and still saved myself the time I has to waste waiting for him. Save yourself the time and go somewhere else. I did have a great experience with their PT facility Heather was awesome  all I did was strengthen to no avail.  Bobby from Texas was the only hustler of that group in Tempe  his PA and the rest of the staff were very helpful. The knee replacement was a success and I wish I'd done it sooner."  and post surgery rehab follow-ups. Dr. Carter is an excellent orthopedic surgeon. I found him to be professional yet funny and witty at the same time. I've read other review about him and TOCA and can say that I didn't see one negative thing mentioned in those other reviews. Dr. Carter took the time to explain the procedure and the type of rehab follow-up that might be included depending on the severity of the injury and findings during surgery. First class all the way around and my knee feels great!"  I was back to 100% within six months of this huge procedure! He's a wonderful doctor and has great bedside manner. I would highly recommend him to anyone who has hip problems!" There are also 2 offices. One is on the NE corner of 56th Street and Bell and the other is on 7th Street  who immediately put my daughter at ease and explained her injury then did a set of xrays.  Dr. Gruber then came in and let us know the course of treatment. Orders were sent out then and there and the nurses were also fabulous!!!  I cannot say enough good things about this office and the way we were treated. Thank you Arizona Bone & Joint Specialists for restoring my faith in the medical profession!!" "I saw Dr Tindall for a knee issue that hasn't been resolved.  I usually sit for anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour each time  I met with PA (I believe her name was Kelly) and she took quite a while with me trying to understand symptoms and possible causes.  She relayed the info to Dr. Bruns saving me the trouble of repeating myself."  Dr. Schafer sent me to the best PT around-Aris.  And Dr. To went to school and studied with the same surgeons as my hand MD in Orange County 