 me and 3 other friends purchased a gift certificate which covered a round of golf and lunch for four.. cart fee extra as well as gratuity for any beverages purchased. The guy in the pro shop was less than pleased we rolled in there on a Sunday morning Great bar area open to all and very modern men's locker room with private bar and restaurant service there as well.  Overall wonderful club."  and greens were awesome. The club staff were very nice and make you feel welcomed. I am a pretty advocate golfer and I would recommend this course to anyone who wants a fun A hidden treasure! I visit Pine Country for lunch and I'm always satisfied. Delicious food with a great ambiance to relax and enjoy your time there! I ordered the Turkey Pita with French Fries and boy was it delicious!! The staff is always pleasant and very accommodating!!! I really enjoy myself and I can't wait to go back!!  which was lovely. Service was good and food was very nice (buffet)."  there are multiple dining options and the facilities are absolutely gorgeous. Beat county club value in Charlotte bar none."  indoor pool(swim lessons) and a cool outside water park in the summer.  Just remember to bring your towel as they eliminated towel service some time ago."  but it is functional (if people follow the one way signs).  At least the Y is off of a side street (not directly on WT Harris) and wells fargo.  All in walking distance of the YMCA.  The exercise room is larger then most ymca's you will visit unless you go downtown." Looking forward to making my early morning start to my day with a great sweat!" "This is our favorite Y so far. Location is convenient and the staffs are really helpful and kids friendly.  My kids are into soccer The best part about joining this particular YMCA is the helpfulness of the staff. They truly care and are always helpful. I wish I could take my swimming instructor with me back to the Bahamas. She would really be proud." Lousy over zealous life grds.  Won't even let you float on your back.  Lifeguards are power monger idiots here!  I was a 10 year lifeguard and they are not trained or professional. The facility itself is sufficient but it is not new or modern. I have heard some of the other branches of the YMCA are much nicer. This branch has everything that I need  there is a 24 hour Harris Teeter right there where nobody looks at you funny for being sweaty in gym clothes.  But "I joined this facility because it was conveniently close to my house. They have a decent amount of equipment to train on and weights are there like any other gym. Thumbs up on the indoor track. The basketball courts are available and there are fitness classes always going on. The only reason that I don't give this place 5 stars is the pool which usually only have two lanes available for laps unless classes or school swim teams are meeting then you are out of luck. I don't mind sharing lanes but it can get chaotic especially if you are a slow swimmer. However the hours of operation (5am-9pm) during the weekdays are good. In conclusion this place is good place to workout  I would suggest go there early in the morning or late in the evening but then if you are bringing along your little ones you run into problems with daycare after nursery is closed. They have a restaurant that offers supposedly healthier food but we never had any luck with the food there. The taste is okay and price is a little bit on the high end for the amount you get." I never belonged to another gym.  It's a solid place to work out.  You can get involved or stay solo and no one mind.  The staff is very nice.  just be prepared to part with your money  but they do have a group of tv's you can tune into while working out using your headset.  You can't go into the sauna unless you are wearing a swimsuit (not just a towel).  It's not the worst place I've ever seen; the environment just didn't really fit my expectations as a single  so it's easy to find a class & time that fit your schedule. Classes are only included with the most expensive membership They own the hockey place across the street (a new one coming up by the high school) and my understanding is that it will be razed and more parking added. I don't think the parking situation is terrible now  and have fun they have it all.  They have free weights  it's a must for me as I get bored on treadmills.  The Locker rooms and showers are nice.  The staff is always friendly.  For those with kids The TV reception is absolutely horrible. I have emailed Prairie athletic club a couple times in regards to the situation. Both the new and the older treadmills and elliptical's all have horrible reception. The brand new ellipticals still need to be leveled out so they do not rock. Plan on bringing your iPod with headphones because even the new ellipticals headphone connections do not work. I do have to say the lay out is less than ideal with machines kind of scattered and hidden in little corners. I know some of the other members say they enjoy this They finally got the new ellipticals working correctly but the FOX Channel has no audio. The new edition is nicely done.  but it is hard to be so upset about that when even the stuff that comes with the low membership level is hands down better than anything in the area."  a ton of exercise class offerings and the best part is their outdoor water park for families in the summer. The staff is very friendly here. They also have brand new weight equipment and locker rooms."  and it would seem to me that pushing the hardest gear possible contradicts that philosophy.  There are plenty of other classes to take if that is what you prefer." Love the gym.. BUT heres the dealio.. dont just sell me a membership.. I still dont know where everything is.. heres why.. The staff NEVER .. nope.. NOT EVAH.. gave me a tour.. I had to ask another fitness girl where the ladies locker room was!.. Some of the ellipticals need replacing.. But the gym is cool.. So.. theres at least a 3.. staff.. hmmmm.. (no comment!) Nice gym the workout area is clean. Although not sure if I would use the sauna or the pool. For the money and the casual workout you can't beat this value. The Saturday yoga class with Patricia is the bomb though!!!!!" "I visited this location for the first time last week. It's cramped because its ""under construction"". Go to the PV Mall location its much better." "This location is being completely remodeled and should be amazing when finished in late July.  If they added WiFi and filters on the water fountains Awesome gym..best la fitness i have been to...they really remodeled it nice with all new cardio machines in the old la fitness & added onto it with free weights and more by adding additional sq ft..it you came here before..u really need to check it out now..much much nicer.  Only wish they were open past 8 on saturdays and sundays..they close at 10 on fridays which isnt so bad..and 12 on the other days. "Nice new equipment. Not a bunch of arrogant Scottsdale punks like at the Hayden/Indian Bend location. And better music at this location than there. Plenty of equipment even when crowded. Members are cordial. Love it. Glad I don't need a trainer though Major Upgrade to this gym! Why can't the other locations be like this?"  pretty packed might have some wait times for your equipment of choice." Parking can be a little rough during the crowded hours Facility (excluding the ""teen dreams"") - 4-5 stars"  I'd be happy to take it to court and get my money back for the months of them billing me after I initially tried closing the account. Found out later  avoid it like the plague and do not waste your money here.  If you have no other alternatives just please avoid their child care services..."  pretty much most everyone else you are putting your own safety at risk  The GM prides himself on telling people if they don't like something they just have the option to go somewhere else.  Not to bag on everyone there  I purposely worked with the manager when purchasing my membership to avoid such instances."  but this location suffers from the same problem that all LA Fitnesses tend to suffer from; way too many people.  I workout in the afternoon.  Around 3:00.  The weight training area is always slammed.  I don't even want to image what this place looks like from 5:00 to 7:00."  lots of equipment and good choice of classes."  or find an elliptical machine. The prices are super reasonable and the equipment is in good working order. They also offer tons of classes from Zumba to yoga. If you're looking to join a gym "Sometimes I feel like I'm here more than I'm at home so it surprised me that I hadn't actually reviewed this place yet.  It's one of the bigger LA Fitness gyms I've been to so even when it's busiest I don't typically have to wait too long (if at all) for anything.  There's a huge cardio room when you first walk in and then the weight training is a separate area down a hallway.  Everything is kept pretty clean and if something is broken the staff is good about fixing it pretty quickly.  The staff at the front desk varies  only 3 lanes and hot water. After only a few lengths and I'm sweating.  This morning the chemicals were so strong that it burned to breathe and so I had to get out.  Then on to the locker room where  then this is your place.  As for me I really hope to find a gym that is not like this." But now I'm done and free of that headache of a gym." Customer service could be better.  I don't expect everyone to remember my name but a simple head nod acknowledging my existence would be nice." I tried to do zero Stars but it wouldn't let me." It is now July 14th and I still have not seen a penny back of the past three months I have been overcharged. My whole family and many of my friends attend this gym and I will be sure to tell them about this experience because clearly the staff here cares only about if they are getting their money and nothing else. As soon as my contract is up I will look into personal training somewhere else and so will everyone in my family."  and the trainers don't care much because LA Fitness doesn't pay the trainers what they are worth.  The parking lot can get really crowded The sales reps they call personal trainers are pushy and rude. I was told by corporate they are able to sell individual training courses but according to the folks here they can only do the one year training membership...stop lying to your customers!!" Apparently this location goes by it's own rules which is it's downfall. I'm more than happy to drive to a further location than to go to this pos gym." Staff could be nicer and a tad bit just a tad bit more welcoming and helpful! It's not as packed as it I'm the evening if you come early am. Just get your workout done. Ladies locker room I like! "What a great gym! I was with 24 hour for the longest time. Thank goodness I made the switch. It is so clean in here. It's also the biggest one around since it's so new. The staff is very friendly and not overly pushy about sales. Of course they're gonna try. That's their job. They offer great classes This is a pretty good fitness center. The hours are good and the facility is clean. Much of the exercise/weight equipment machines are older generation with some not very modern at all. This club is however one of the better than average fitness outfits in Phoneix. I do enjoy going here.  he smiles and says he's the manager. My husband says he needs to give us the number for whoever is in charge of him and he resists giving us any info to contact his boss. Finally he handed us a phone number and we filed an official complaint. Unfortunately we live near Anthem and there aren't any other locations close to us or we would have relocated." This location is fine. It has what I need for lifting  just to name a few) are outdated compared to the previous LA Fitness that I came from. There's a lot of classes from yoga to cycling that this gym offers so finding a class shouldn't be difficult. Most people playing on the basketball court seem to think that they're play for the NBA championship and most patrons don't wipe down the equipment/machines after they're done. There's the many typical gym stereotypes to you find at any gym  therefore it is always crowded but never had any issues with getting on the machines I needed to use. I have not had issues with the gym at all. No issues with getting onto the machines Back to the gym the spin class is the best. Try Nick class 5:30am mon-tue"  plus there needs to be more air flow in the weight area.  All the elliptical machines need to be updated. The tv's do not work all the time and the volume needs to be checked out."  until I can go to greener pastures."  who I assume was his boss pulled him over and yelled at him about his sales quota...in front of me! I was horrified that someone would direct their employees in such a manner especially I'm front of potential customers and on the floor!!! That broad needs a reality check!"  this location seems to be the best they have to offer aside from the foolish hours of operation!" Avoid this place like the plague... and also know that YELP does in fact work with companies you review if the company has some clout and complains about a specific review.  Yelp will modify I understand contracts. I understand cancellation  policies. Long story short they didn't receive my mailed cancelation notice ( they wouldn't let me cancel in office for some reason that day). That's my fault I should not rely on someone else to do their job. So I canceled at the moon valley location in person. Plus I cancelled my credit card but they have some agreement with capital one that allowed them to access my new account ??!!  so I continued to pay for kids club/daycare  while I was not a member. The club is overpriced unless you need a pool or want  to pay too much for one on one training. Try fitness1 at 7th street and union hills. I pay yearly and including daycare/group fitness it is around $15 a month.  The more you pay for the gym isn't going to get you more in shape. As always LA fitness guys won't let you cancel it with the usual manager not there story. The girl in the front desk(jan 2nd 8:10 pm duty girl) is so rude. "After they refunded my over charges I feel like I should update my review to reflect their follow through. My main problem was with the billing so as far as a gym it's good points are multiple locations "Tell everyone you know.......do not EVER join LA Fitness because they will not let you quit. We have been trying to quit for 3 weeks and it is not possible. They are a bunch of liars. First And if you have the chance to take Patricia's yoga class Avoid this Gym if you take your kids there. They are not Safe!!!" It is incredibly disheartening to learn that they care so little for their members after  a $2000 financial investment  of personal training."  it's a mile further from me than this one but the staff are more attentive to their customers." I'll NEVER come back."  cheat and steal to get you to sign a contract. They then lie about being able to end the contract and even lie about the fact that there actually is no contract! They did this to a disabled combat veteran and now refuse to even speak to us. We came in and said that we didn't want to sign a contract due to the individual's injuries involved but wanted to attempt a fitness regimen until unable to continue. We were told that we HAD to sign a contract and the only way to cancel it would be to contact corporate. We called multiple times to cancel the supposed contract and were told it was too difficult but after a year the contract would expire. The membership was used only a handful of times before the individual's injuries left them unable to continue. A year passed and the individual was still charged continuously. After communication with this location It is helpful for them to care your child." Yoga class at 5:45PM on Friday evenings is great!  Donatella is an awesome instructor.  You will leave feeling like you just had a great workout! So many other options for gyms or places to just do drop in classes for $5. Thinking of saying bye to this place. Get good class teachers and keep them and get your class equipment working." I explained to him that my wife and I are shopping for gyms and he suggested I get a membership or pay $15 to workout there for ONE day. My friend showed up and told them he had been a member for 2 years and that my wife and I were considering getting memberships. The trainer came to tell me that ""this is a business."" Awesome ""business"" move turning down someone that can potentially bring in two new memberships. I will NEVER be a member after I see how your treat potential customers...so petty. AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE. Thanks for making my gym selection easier."  and super-sets are out of the question. Unless you're a cardio bunny you'll be fine; treadmills and ellipticals are always open."  it's closest location to my work so that is why I go here. There are better cleaner LAs out there." "" I had a free pass at the front desk."" The General Manager asked to hear the message and to see texts they were sending me to buy a potential membership. The General Manager has no professionalism and is clearly not qualified in being a good manager. Stay away from here they use underhanded techniques to get people to become members." "My step/sculpt instructor told us this morning that we were making her sad because we didn't count down the reps loud enough. I thought it was her job to get us psyched up Idk about the other reviews but I like this club compared to the other fitness clubs. My son who is less than 3 years old looks forward to the child care center they offer for only $15 a month. Everyone there pretty much minds they're own business and that's what people should expect going into a gym. All-in-all I like club. I was for the not happy with that experience."  not all the treadmills work and they don't have built in fans I've been a member of this gym for years and no  matter how many times I asked they will not bring in enough 45 pound plates.  it's like going on an Easter egg hunt just to find a few plates to do a workout  for whatever reason it's not the easiest thing to get out of. Once I got passed that part Wasn't a problem the day before. I'm a new member and forgot my key fob. Girls up front are a joke."  just don't go Monday morning. The clubs usually open until midnight so that's awesome." It's not fancy and there's no pizza here but it's a great value if you just like to workout!"  but I have enjoyed my experience at this particular LA fitness. Staff are friendly and helpful with signing up. I did a personal training session with R.D. Who was excellent. He is highly motivating and encouraging  that does not help when the place becomes over run with peeps. Then none of the equipment is available and being there is completely unproductive. Underhanded sales techniques are also quite obnoxious. My membership is now expiring. I will be going elsewhere. There are multiple other options in this area."  overpriced and can definitely be packed to the point where parking is a hassle and waiting to use certain equipment when needed." Only downfall is that I wish there were better ways for us to clean the machines. I  sweat like a waterfall and I try to do my best to clean b4 and after but It never feels clean because the paper towel drys so quick." "I have been a member at this particular location for almost 10 years but I'm getting very irritated by their staff and I'm about to leave. The front desk girls are beyond rude. I hate dealing with them. Sales people and managers.....oh god  definitely will never recommend that Gym to family or friends 