UBGit0gO1uZADXu7jjqbyg  since we've had a grand ole time and good food in past visits." The 7 ounce house sirloin is the bomb! 'Nuff said.  see Nucc. He's great." I stop here when I want a change of pace and want to save a few dollars on a lunch." "Pretty good performance by the Applebee's in Robinson a few days ago. We ordered our food after 10pm four cheese mac and chees with honey pepper chicken is bomb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  but really tasty flavors and spices. We went for all-you-can-eat wings night but sadly I could barely finish my first dozen. Beer selection is much improved since  Turadg A.'s post; they have about 30 or so available to choose from."  Bar foods. The floor here is always super slippery.  It doesn't matter if I am wearing heels or sneakers.  I just don't get why the floor is like and ice skating rink." Highly highly recommended." The bar is nice in the summer when they open the garage doors.  It's a nice bar to get a beer with friends where you can grab a table to eat then hang out at the bar to watch the game.  But The beer was pricy - Tuesday night I had a maker's sour for the same price as a pint of beer..."  even for the northeast. I would not come here unless you want to watch a game that you cannot see at home." The food is hit or miss. I got the French onion soup last time. It was good. Nothing ground breaking Pretty good bar food.  It's conveniently located and a fun atmosphere.  lots of vegetarian options.  A vegetarian in our party was floored by the possibility of having every burger or chicken sandwich made without meat or meat products."  and the toppings were great!  I loovveeed the shredded chicken that didn't have a bunch of gross grease all over it."  make sure to get the sweet potato fries & tip your waitress! (Especially if her name is Meg)."  Buffalo Blues for all you can eat wings. There are a ton of sauces to pair with these wings. They bring them out 5 at a time so plan on ordering your next selection when your wings come out because they take quite a bit of time to come. I don't think I have ever eaten the other food here except for the wings because they are pretty good. The only downside to this place is that service is really really slow." I chose 4 stars because it is constantly an above par establishment.  5 stars would require something really enticing to set it aside in character from a slew of other sport bar venues.  I would like to observe the spring summer atmosphere inwhich I'm anticipating another review to be 4 stars."  and grilled cheese are all good. The regulars and servers are pretty nice people. We watched the Saint Steelers game here (with our Saints attire on!)  leaving a major part off an item and being told that the kitchen is out without any rectification will make me think twice before returning here again.  It is a shame because Buffalo Blues does have potential." Not particularly interested in returning for any reason."  and relaxed than the crowds I've experience in other sports bars in town. Most of my average experiences revolved around non-game times when you try to get a more traditional meal and realize that there are just better options in Shadyside for lunch and dinner."  pretty dry. How can you go wrong with a club but the thick cuts of turkey did not sit well with me and I didn't like it at all. Bad texture. The commercials and time with fun friends saved the experience but I wouldn't go back to eat. Just drinks and sports. I like the location. Easy to park. Close to shadyside. Madonna really was the show stopper this night and unless she performs here I most likely won't be back."  full of flavor and cooked perfectly. I recommend this burger! It also had salsa and guac on top with some cheddar cheese and my mouth is still watering for it. Tip? Get the sweet potato fries!"  is not the place that would sway me to go to watch a game there with my friends (I'll still say that some kind of playoff game of the Steelers-Ravens I watched at Big Jim's was one of the best sports-watching experiences of my life).  And This place is a wannabe sports bar that tries too hard to be high end. Just watch out for the vomiting college kids with trust funds...they're everywhere!!!!!"  until yesterday. I came in for a quick bite to eat and ordered the Hot Veggie sandwich. It was FANTASTIC - the best veggie sandwich I have had here in Pittsburgh. Other than that Writing this review makes me sad because it is a great place to drink beer and watch the game. The beer is reasonably priced but the food is just expensive for what it is. I essentially live across the street so I know I'll go back  usually went there for world cup and euro cup soccer games as well." Good fun place to watch games while drinking and eating chicken wings or sandwiches.They have a good selection of wings and decent beer. I try different kinds of wings  every time  I go in but so far spicy garlic has been my favorite. This is a typical sports bar. "Good place to watch a sports game.  Beer specials were good. Food is very overpriced though.  The wings are about the worst I've ever had... and I've had alot of wings growing up in Buffalo This place is open late if you need a bite to eat  and another 20 to get home. That's over an hour of our evening completely wasted which left us starving after a hard days work. I used to work as a server so I could understand if the place was busy and the staff was short handed The problem i have with the place is that Buffalo Bills fans congregate here and cheer on every mediocre play their football team makes I paid $16 for a beer and a sandwich that my friends had to wait for me to eat to leave.  I would say I won't go back  11 2. My friends and I sat at the pretty much empty bar for over 5 minutes with no service. The bartender walked by us a few times and didn't even acknowledge we were there. As we walked out Great beer selection and nice happy hour deals. I recommend the garlic parm wings. Good service too  I hate it because I believe the alcohol and food is overpriced.  The food wouldn't rub me the wrong way so much if I thought it was worth the price Upshot?  In the absence of a new sports bar opening up  equipped with doughebag bros that went to the same fraternity in college and the Jersey Shore bimbos who pine for them. The last time that I went there were two guys throwing up outside of the bar on the sidewalk. I fully admit this is a subjective review  she realized the keg for the beer my husband ordered was tapped. We were sitting at the booths right next to the bar but instead of the bartender just telling us so we could make another decision and get our drinks as soon as possible Lauren was a nice server even though the table in front of us put her through some bs-- they ate all of their food then complained to the server and asked for the manager complaining that what they got it wasn't what they ordered... no idea why they waited until every scrap of food was gone to complain but you know "Watched a bartender serve a guy a beer when he was visibly intoxicated. He was swaying in circles on the chair next to me. I told the manager about it and he told me ""that guy is just crazy  it could be delirium ( highly doubtful) or it could be pbr. But over 20 beers on tap pretty much all craft beers. Reasonably priced beer and food."  as far as I could discern this sports bar only had one waitress trying to cover over 30 customers. And this on a Saturday with the world cup games. I saw only one waitress and a bar man. The gal was valiantly trying to keep up. But the burger was great." If you need an ""All American"" food fix  my BF frequently orders one or the other and I always have my fair share of tastes. he raves about them so....If you looking for a nice place to watch a football or hockey game or just craving some good food I highly suggest it!"  and met my daughter there last night for Happy Hour specials as advertised on the web site.  First clue:  no Happy Hour promos mentioned in the bar except for the Yeungs and Wings (which was not what we were looking for).  We came close to leaving as my beer was off the draft list Wings are overpriced. And the quality of them are bad. They were tough and greasy. The staff are pleasant but then over all experience was too expensive for a sports bar. Not bad atmosphere little cramped in the booths in the bar area. Wings were really good actually and the Boozy Buffalo was yummy. "Can't believe this place only has 2.5 stars.. A 1-star should be absolutely disgusting and dirty which this place is not. Those who are rating this place a 1-star need to take out that stick up their asses and take their hate elsewhere. Every time I've been here "I love this place. I been going here for years. I loved the BBQ sauce when it was used at the old Hot Licks in Shadyside and later The Motor Square Gardens. I was happy when I found out Buffalo Blues used the same recipes. The service is okay This place is pretty good! My coworker and I come almost every Friday for half off drafts and wings. Service is decent and everything I've eaten here (except the Yinzer Fries...those are kind of gross) has been delicious. "Decided to grab a drink and a quick dinner with my ball n' chain at the bar.  I ordered the half n' half combo of soup and sandwich (grilled cheese and tomato soup).  The Husband had the grilled chicken sammie.  As soon as the kitchen dumped out my order the bartender immediately took issue with the portion size.  It was much appreciated.  He immediately went back and got me more food.  Regardless of how good the service "Went to wing night last night (06 10) and had the most kickass service at the bar. The wings were awesome  but the place is always dirty and hot as hell. I wouldn't recommend... head next door to Mad Mex or literally anywhere across the Highland Ave. bridge."  though very few will ever make it into the back room.  It's essentially a dead zone.  There's a fancy back bar that remains closed so that two bartenders can roost on top of each other like Master Blaster in Beyond Thunderdome and watch TV.  This kind of forces patrons to hover near the front.  So  slightly dingy neighborhood bar that is great for relaxing after work." Verdict: if you want a quick drink (and I mean ""drink  that any place that offers popcorn for $.25 is alright by me (better than having it sitting on the bar and you have no idea who has put their hands in there)."  but so what? It's got cheap beer and is an ok spot for a quiet pint. The front bar feels a bit grotty but the back is big and it's fine to hang out in. Nothing special but not terrible either."  this is your place. You will not receive angry stars from the regulars as you walk in and the bartenders are friendly.It's quite smoky though so be prepared to come out wreaking of nicotine." I think this kind of bar would be fun for a group so you could take advantage of the shuffle board and stuff like that."  etc.  She cannot get to this area and has a ramp that she would give to the owners so she can access this area.  They refuse to put in the ramp.  I thought all public businesses had to comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act as long as it does not create an undue hardship.  Tell me Saw Tim Cauley there one time. We played billiards and darts together then we picked a song out on the jukebox. It was fun "It's a typical dark and smokey dive bar. I don't say this in a negative way. It is what it is. Drinks are reasonably priced. There's a jukebox and darts. Fun crowd  friendly staff and nice patrons. Everyone seems to know each other but they aren't rude to newcomers. It's within walking distance from my house so I'll definitely be coming back!" Service was very good. Meal clocked in around $15 with tip which I think is 3 or 4 too high. Much more extensive menu than Denny's along with a bar if you happen to need a late night fill up."  and little attention to detail.   We recieved the wrong order due to the server's error.   No compensatory effort was made.   not even a free dessert after waiting an ""EXTRA"" 2 hours.   Bottomline  aided greatly by the happy hour appetizer discount.  I have no interest in going to Applebee's again because I can get better burgers "Consistent service @ the bar w Chuck pouring drafts and mixing up fruity delights. Decent food - don't expect great. Lots of under 500 calorie and Weight Watcher items. Several tv's to watch games. You'll find everyone from book-reading wives that didn't want to cook to laborers grabbing a cheap steak & a few cold ones to huge celebrations filling many tables. It's a great community asset for many.  The Ritz h3la53L9-OX_HlfeAySh0Q Nothing special. Precooked meals that taste microwaved.  one chain restaurant is just like the rest but I have had nothing but problems here. The staff appears to be constantly changing as does the managers which should tell you something. I've been there for lunch and dinner and continue to have issues. Here are just some of the problems that we have had: a co-worker had an entire glass of iced tea dropped on him and nothing was comped on his check; we have had to wait a very long time for our orders to be taken; I ordered the pick 2 and was told that the soup could not possibly come out first(even though I've done this before); they have argued with us over what the meal is supposed to come with to the point of us showing them a picture; and staff does not appear to be properly trained."  but the wait and the mistakes make it highly unlikely we will never return to this location."  I wasn't impressed. It took me 20 mins to find something (partly because I'm picky). But I ended up with the chicken broccoli alfredo  our server.   He informed us of the late night appetizers  Pittsburgh Rare. I asked for medium rare. He returns and I tell him that the chef needs to go back to culinary school and learn how to prepare a steak. The manager apologizes again and asks me if I want to take this pathetic piece of beef home with me! Not only is it rare but it's a cheap cut of strip steak that is loaded with connective gristle. I said no thanks. He comped my husband's meal and we left. I never hope for people to lose their jobs but the cook and the server really need some serious retraining! I will never go back to this Applebee's again."  we went at 11:30 on a Friday (they're open until 1am) and he didn't try and shuffle us out or anything  and sit on hold for 15+ minutes only to find out it was because they didn't have anyone manning the phone. The last time they didn't include an entree we'd ordered Came here for lunch with my cousin. The hostess Lay in our waitress Tia  (I believe that was her name) are very nice and accommodating to us. Before our food came out an emergency came in would have to leave. Tia had our food packed and ready to go within minutes. Thank you Boy do I miss Primate Bros.  I remember going there when the packing district was coming alive at 3 and 4 a.m.  We were coming back from a night of being out 'n about with friends (this was in high school college summers in the mid-70's).  We would order wild concoction in sandwiches with french fries IN them.  I liked the place so much I bought and wore proudly one of their T-shirts...but alas...left it with a native friend (she also liked it alot) in Koh Samui Thailand. Couple this with a 23 oz. beer for $2.50 and what more could you ask for. Actually only minus 1 2 star because of their chili The staff was very good. The food came quick. Best of all. It had no kick back later or the next day."  you have got to swing by here. Get the pastrami or roast beef and do not ask for the slaw or fries on the side. It's all on there for a purpose and it is a gloriously messy sandwich." A drooling place. Period." Wash it down with an Iron City." Hot Pastrami + cheese + tomatoes + onion + cole slaw + french fries on thick crusty bread = One TallBadAssGreasyMuthaFukinGood Sandwich... :D  but the kids are real. But why do they all have beards (beers)? It's Pittsburgh "Hey a sandwich with the fries and slaw inside served on a wax paper sheet and tasty (maybe a little bland  but I'm giving it back. I probably won't be back ever again." p.s. You can get it topped with a fried egg! I didn't see that on the menu until I was leaving! doh! next time!" Downside: It was packed during lunch and my buddies and I were crammed in. If you have a disability it will be hard to maneuver during peak times."  the Oakland location does have a pretty sweet deal for after 10pm  things took a turn for the worse when the famous sandwiches came out.  Two of us had the turkey and one had the colossal fish.  I thought the turkey was slimy and tasted weird.  The fries added almost no flavor to the sandwich  and even a mid-day snack.  I love the fact that this place is always jammed full of people.  Their food is well worth the wait and the effort it takes to tackle a table before someone else does.  The murals on the wall never get old its a great place to come after you've finished your shopping in the strip."  the Hot Sausage and Cheese sandwich I ordered was netiher hot nor spicy.  The fries were average but the coleslaw  in the sandwich was crunchy and delicious.  If the meat was more tasty The sandwiches here are massive.  Whatever you order winds up between two pieces of bread which seems both wrong and logical.  Regardless it is a mighty fine sandwich.  I wish I could get one right now... "This place is lengendary so naturally as a tourist - I had to go. I can sum it up in one word YUM!! Staff was friendly as we sat at the bar and watched the cook in action. I have never had a sandwich quite like that with a coleslaw like substance and fries on it  except I'll have to book more trips to Pittsburgh to eat here again! Definitely a good way to gear up for or finish a night of drinking. The cooks were hilarious and only added to the post debauchery atmosphere. The fries and slaw on the sandwich are something I will absolutely have again. Go. Do it. If you can." I'll be back if I'm ever in Pittsburgh again." "A Pittsburgh classic :) I can't say it's my favorite food Only visit the Strip District location for the full effect.  The other locations pale in comparison."  do not pronounce the ""t"" in Primanti.  It really irks native Pittsburghers.  It's pronounced ""Primanny.""  Unfortunately Now I just have to try all the locations and figure out which one is the best of the best."  the meat quantity is so small that it's a sidekick to the coleslaw and fries. I really liked the overall flavor. I just wished the meat  it's not too spicy.  He also ordered a beer from the tap served in the biggest beer glasses I've ever seen.  If you're visiting Pittsburgh  what a deal!). After I placed my order I waited by the bar and unfortunately it was when the death of Steve Mcnair started to air :-(. The bar quickly filled up after I placed my order. The sandwiches took a little while to prepare and not as quick as I've heard they are. I got my order and in my usual fashion I checked it. No chicken finger and fries....bummer. I go back to the cashier bartender cook and asked her for my order who asks the cook where it is and he shrugs like ""I dunno"" so  "The food was just OK. Soggy french fries on a greasy cheese steak pattie.  The service was awful  french fries and other condiments. this place is a staple in the area so i knew that i should visit the location. they have a special pburger sandwich which i guess is their most popular sandwich. they have cheap beer also. depending on what time you go here the surrounding area is either dead or filled with a lunchtime crowd. i suggest going during the day when there are more people around. at night time some shady people come out." Update.  Went to a different location.  Non-smoking location.  Got pastrami this time instead of the bland sausage.  Added a fried egg to the sandwich as well.  I forgot how huge this thing was.  I could only eat half.  I am now a fan of Primanti's.  both sandwiches were quite tasty and with the fries on top... yummy.  Would definitely come back here next time I'm coming through Pittsburgh I was truly shocked. That was the worst meat that I have seen since Junior High School. We would have been much better off at Burger King. Luckily we had a nice lunch at Salim's to wash the taste of this junk of our mouths." Please...never come here." My only complaint about this particular primanti bros in market square is the people that it generates. Anywhere from hookers to crackheads. I have been in there several times and atleast 4 or 5 times I watched someone get kicked out for doing something illegal. My advice is  any Primanti Brothers location will fill u up with one of the most unique sandwiches in the nation. Highly recommend the new Black Angus sandwich over the traditional ""No 2 Best Seller"" ... or go with Capicola and Egg. Both delicious!"  but I wish the primanti's goons would put a little bit more effort into their sandwiches. seriously guys -- take some pride in your work and make something good for once. and check the thermostat on your fryolator already!" "I am from Pittsburgh and this is just the burgh wrapped in wax paper.  It is always delish and something you need to do when you visit the town.  John Stewart "well you gotta give this place a star for its originality. coleslow and fries in your sandwich.. sound good? its actually pretty intresting. the coleslaw isn't creamy its a big vinegry One of the best places to eat in the Steel City. A real classic. Home of the stuffed sandwich often imitated but never duplicated.  I wish they had one in Chicago. I was in pittsburgh for a week and thinking like true pittsburghers we thought we'd come here for a late night snack and what a snack it was definately a tasty sandwich different from what i've had .  the place itself wasn't much it kind of looked like an old bar but that's ok anyway it was pretty cheap you should go I could go for a sandwich right now actually yum! DEFINITELY visit Primantis if you're in Pittsburgh!" I would give this place another shot if I'm ever in town again  I'd definitely try the cheesesteak or the Capicola sandwich. OOH or the ragin cajun chicken sandwich.. MMMM...." "Primanti Bros. is a traditional Pittsburgh meal.  It consists of a sandwich that is stacked high with fries and coleslaw  the sandwiches seemed to taste better there for some reason. i ordered the corned beef one and hubs ordered capicola (with egg).  i know people have eaten there and thought that the sandwiches were just ok (so i shouldn't hype it up). it's possible that my taste buds are just being biased and sentimental because it's a pittsburgh thing. but the fact that my husband who's not from pittsburgh loves it should definitely say a lot." I went here a couple of years ago and wasn't wowed by the sandwich. I think I was more taken back by the sweet slaw and french fries my sandwich than the bread or large portion of meat. Now that I'll be back in Pitt tomorrow I'm looking forward to trying another sandwich. I guess the sandwiches are pretty good now that I remember. If your in the Pittsburgh area you'd be a fool not to stop in at one of the Primanti Bros. locations and try one of there amazing sandwiches.  My favorite is either the Pastrami and cheese or the hot sausage sandwich but everything here is good. I live in boston and am used to paying twice as much for sandwiches which are no where near as good in quality and size." Maybe I ordered the wrong thing and maybe they were all just having a bad day... Who knows." "i was here for work and ordred the #2  The cheesesteak was nice and square and stuff.  Hmm not sure if that's a good thing?  The combination of coleslaw and fries plus that really nice thick spongy bread was pretty good.  I would actually say this would be more like a 4 star sandwich but I have a deep seeded hatred for the Steelers so yeah whatever.  I'd like to see a sandwich superbowl  and friendly staff I give this place 3 stars  who naturally failed to beat a mediocre Pirates squad.  But the food was good i love coming to pittsburgh solely for these sandwiches.  get a different one each time but they are to die for.  my new favorite is the capicola and egg.  i mean anything with fries and coleslaw on it can't be beat.  easily the best cole slaw i've ever had as well.  not overly friendly and didn't seem to be too happy to be there. We ordered our sandwiches - I got the Rajun Cajun because I had a Philly Cheesesteak the day before and was trying to cut back on red meat. I kind of regretted it as the chicken was a bit dry. My coworkers had ordered  the pastrami and steak and made me wish I had. Not that the sandwich wasn't good - but red juicy meat would have been so much better.  The sandwich was massive - I got a huge piece of chicken breast with a crapload of coleslaw and fries on top.  My coworker did complain that he got very little pastrami meat on his.  Overall  only with reduced operating hours. (Their Strip District location is open 24 7.) I like the sandwiches. It seems Pittsburgh is the only place where I can find sandwiches stuffed with fries and coleslaw. It's a copious amount of food for not a lot of money and Primanti compares favorably in value to most other restaurants in the Pittsburgh downtown area. Only problem I can see is the restroom is a bit dingy and down a flight of stairs "The description of a Primanti Bros sandwich is tastier than the sandwich itself.  One of two dozen different meats topped with french fries and coleslaw;  I tried hot sausage.  The problem is that all that potato and cabbage mutes the flavor of the meat.  Expecting an extremely tasty sandwich So I guess if you want an authentic Pittsburgh experience then go here. But if you want actual decent food  Primanti Bros is a must!"  but I will say this after you have gone once you will never need to go back unless its late and you need something to soak up the alcohol." Very good experience in general." A Pittsburgh tradition like no other. Unhealthy food served on wax paper... Gotta have it twice a year!  a soppy mess from the oil on the bread and a chunk of coleslaw core inedible. My sons was no better. The waitress saw we had taken only one bite and asked if we wanted to take home. We both said 'no way.' She didn't flinch and didn't care. I don't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid. In Philly I am docking them a star because the service was less than desirable We stopped here on our way to a comedy show.  We ordered the steak sandwich.  We had been drooling over this sandwich since the first time we saw an article written about it. I am happy to say this sandwich was everything we had expected! The sandwich was so big we had to share.   The slaw was better than I expected (I am very picky about my slaw) and the fresh cut fries made the sandwich perfect!  but I'd say the overall quality of the sandwiches are just average otherwise." "As good as advertised.  The sandwiches are big with quality cuts of meat.  I thought the slaw was delicious too adding a little vinegary tang to the fries.  Great atmosphere and friendly wait staff  and I enjoyed the whole experience watching the NFL Hall of Fame induction ceremony on the flatscreens while eating."  fries and slaw! all the food groups in one delicious huge bite." "I came to Primanti Brothers after my roommate said Pittsburgh was known for it.  I read several reviews and went with the pastrami sandwich.  It was good.  Just the right amount of meat (I hate it when the meat overpowers the entire sandwich)  I didn't order it The Way It's Supposed To Be. Maybe if you're into cole slaw  the atmosphere was nice but I feel like the food just didn't live up to it's name." After sitting there and being ignored for 25 minutes we just left! "I'm with others here - not a lover of Primanti Bros.  Sandwiches are fine (I have ordered the turkey and cheese) but the service is horrible.  Rude I don't think I will ever go back again." I don't like coleslaw." A must when visiting PGH." I am still trying to figure out how to transport a few sandwiches back on the plane.....There is just something about Pittsburgh and their traditional comfort food!  I have addicted my husband. "Pretty good.  Not food network worthy.  I would be critical of the cleanliness of the restaurant at market square You get a huge sandwich that could be split between two people. Service was quick and attentive!" I might go back to check out the nightlife. I'll update my review then."  go do it to say you had a colossal sandwich and lived the ""Pittsburgh"" experience. Apart from that Overall service was great."  coleslaw and french fires. It was very messy to eat but it was so good. I only drawback to this place was the service. My waitress was not very friendly and she got my order mixed up with the table next to me. She didn't even apologize for the mix up. Other than that it was a great experience and I recommend anyone who is going to the steel city to get some Primanti Bros."  almost exactly one year later I had my 2nd Primanti Bros sandwich. This time I give it 5 stars. It's a great place. It's local  GIANT-sized sandwich and a real PGH experience  go here! If you just need your fill of a sandwich with more sides on it than you usually order in a regular sitting  you've gotta try this place. It gets on all the ""places to eat before you die"" lists for a reason."  but wouldn't hesitate to recommend.  Great tasting glutinous original sandwiches at decent prices The fries are just greasy enough to make the sandwich sinful! I'm not a big Cole slaw person but I can't resist a roast beef w egg at the closest Primanti Brothers!!!"  so maybe that's why i didn't like the sandwich as much. There was a little bit too much fries and coleslaw on it for me. The bread was outstanding though! I would still recommend going there for the experience!" "The original place in the Strip District is the best by far. Capicola & Cheese is my fav and though I'm not a fan of cole slaw  and the italian bread all came together in a really HUGE sandwhich that was really good for a few reasons.  Flavor  then super crowded and he got everybody out within twenty minutes. That's service." I would recommend trying Primanti's if you're in the area!"  like the area that it's in. Old school. Have to give it a try thou. World famous. I would give it a 3 and 1 2 stars." "I understand Primanti is a historic institution here in Pittsburgh but other than the name I don't think it has much going on unless you're in the mood for quantity versus quality. I got reeled into my experience because everyone said to try it when I moved here. Really simple menu as you just choose the meat you'd like in your sandwich. I went with pastrami which was good but the combination of the cole slaw  let me recommend Langers (look it up). The place is a landmark in Los Angeles and their pastrami and corned beef is absolutely second-to-none. In a fight  and tradition makes this place pretty unique "Was in town for the day and took an order to go.  The roast beef & cheese sanwich w  an egg was awesome!  I don't like coleslaw We ended up going there twice (Pittsburgh downtown restaurants are strangely closed on sunday mornings) I would say overall verdict: try the place but try with an open mind." The classic pastrami is too good! Crisped edges and stacked with vinegary slaw and crisp homey fries!  Lived up to the hype! Trip was worth it." P.S.: I got a pen that says Primanti Bros on it. Yeah. Be jealous." Classic Pittsburgh Primanti's. Great place to watch a game and get a bite to eat.  in a sandwich... but it works. def something to try if when you're out there."  but I had a pastrami sandwich and I thought it was quite bland. The only flavors were vinegar and pepper. It was better with hot sauce the Primanti Bros sammich was everything I expected it to be...and I inhaled it!  That's all I'll say. I wish I had realized they were serving these at the Pirates Park.  I saw no food of interest and only had beer... not even yuengling NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ Be warned that everything here comes with french fries Primantis sucks...go to Fatheads on the Southside or Uncle Sam's in Oakland."  if you are a local come for the nostalgic name." This is a must stop in Pitt just as everyone knows and tells you so do yourself a favor and listen to them!" "I realize it's a sandwich shop and I dared to order a salad - but their menu is limited - so why put something on it if you're not going to do it right? Ordered a grilled chicken salad  that was on point. I'm not sure if I should have put Ketchup on my sandwich or what the hell to do with the heap of potatoes in the sandwich? I really can't wait for a rematch with this place  for their sake) probably had to wipe the messiness of his face. They had their heads down following in Bruce's large sweaty shadow walking out of the place Two complaints. The sandwiches are not as big as you would think. They are bigger than most deli-style sandwiches but not quite as colossal as I thought it would be. Also That's what you're getting here." great place for a good sandwich that is unique to Pittsburgh. Price is good beer was cold. A must if going to Pittsburgh. Not saying it is best food ever. Saying it is well worth the experience. Sorta like first philly cheesesteak.  cheap beer and sammies with fries and slaw on them -- the way they have been doing it since the 1930s.  Thats what the advertise and that's what they deliver -- every time.    Cap and cheese with a frosty IC Light -- heaven." "I love this place. Their sammies are awesome. I am not a coleslaw fan but like it and choose to eat it here. The pictures below describe it nicely. It's a sandwhich with coleslaw and french fries on it. It may not sound right but it's excellent. The service isn't the best but it's usually because they are verrrry busy. It's not your healthiest place but hey I think I need to learn my lesson and stop going there.  I would have given it 2 stars but it seems like such a Pittsburgh staple that I didn't have the heart to dock them any stars.  See  but they looked like pretty good prices.  The place was very crowded and you seat yourself.  We lucked up on an empty table I can definitely see why these sandwiches have the following that they do. I can see myself going back next time my travels take me to Pittsburgh." If you pass through Pittsburgh this place is a must visit. Their specialty sandwich is like no other. They're a little short on conversation but I guess that's part of the packaged deal. If I ever moved to Pittsburgh I'd move near one of their locations ; ) "The meat and cheese of your choice topped with slaw and fries is what I call a sandwich!  They are huge and delicious.  I couldn't eat these all the time They have TVs and bar seating as well in here. So it's a great place to go watch a sporting event with friends." Enjoyed the Cajun chicken sandwich. It includes fries and Cole slaw - both of which were good.  but since I almost fainted due to claustrophobia in the narrow stairwell on my way to the pissah  service is slow and you have to get up to get a drink refill from the cashier.  Yes it's unique having fries and cole slaw on your sandwiches "Loved the food! Heard about it on the Travel Channel and since I was in Pittsburgh for a conference I decided to go. Me and a friend went and we ordered two sandwiches: The Cajun Chicken Brest & Cheese and the Pastrami & Cheese. Both sandwiches came topped with lettuce "Primanti's is a Pittsburgh institution.  The original is in the strip district just outside of downtown proper.  They are famous for large sandwiches with the fries IN the sandwich Had the cheesesteak. It was ok. Nothing special. Like most ""fat sandwiches "I was raised in PGH and just love primanti's. Roast beef and cheese for me. The fries and slaw are what make the sandwich.  The best sandwich on the planet. It is not fancy but it is great. I just wish they would go national Their beer menus are totally standard types. They're cold and frothy and wash down the salt and grease perfectly."  I'm about to chow down on that Pittsburgh grease fest awaiting my attention." OK - I'll agree that everyone should experience a Primanti sandwich. But having experienced it  it took me almost ten years to get around to visiting this place Service was a little lame as I barely could understand our ""too cool"" server.  He seemed disinterested in us for the most part.  The pregnant waitress who helped us out once seemed more congenial and helpful.  I like the fact that it is small and fast.  I just don't get the vast appeal.  I need sauces  Southside comes up third in my book.  I haven't been to others.  If you're coming in from out of town though  Beer was cold on a hot day and my sandwich was satisfying.  What more could you really ask for from a sandwich joint?"  its definitely worth a stop... and with locations all over the Pittsburgh area "I've been to this particular location a few times and it's been great! The service was so-so but the times i've been it was always loaded "Fries were kind of bland and the coleslaw was just ok but the meat was very good. Overall The only bad part about coming to Pittsburgh and visiting Primanti Bros is that we had to go back home the next day!"  Primanti Brothers is a definite must try if you are passing through "This place isn't for a light lunch. Their famous sandwiches include a variety of grilled meats (the cheese steak its second-best seller) with french fries  great food in a nice little square for people watching."  they don't give you plates or forks or knives (they bring you your food on a sheet of wax paper). I'm not sure if they take credit cards (we paid with cash) "Stopped at the Market Square Primanti's this weekend after a Pirates game.  Salami sandwich was out of this world I really don't know what the hype is about.  I was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant. NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ  but nothing special about it. I had the cheese fries (it was pretty much molten cheese with bits of fries in it) and the cheese steak sandwich.  It was definitely great to try but I didn't enjoy the mess and the sandwich was a bit bland. Great location to people watch The ambiance and food are very good. Been to other places before but this definitely beats all the other places hands down (other than the original one on the strip). Was there at night and the combo with IC Light Man can and Burger for under $10 that was a little unbelievable. This is not food for faint heart. They add generous portions of fries and cole slaw which are deliciously dripping as you savor them.  add egg. When did she miss the ""no tomato""? I got my sammich (eventually) and there was the tomato. I immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again MIA. She just disappeared again. I waited as long as I could but she never came back. I finally carried the sloppy tomato seed-covered bread back into the restaurant myself and told the cook I needed a new piece of bread. He gave it to me with a funny look  very bad overall. The should have a manager on duty. I wont be back. thanks"  greasy but delicious and with the fries and slaw are on the sandwich! which was strange! It was not easy to eat it  but do remember ordering two sandwiches only to come back 4 hours later to order another.  i do remember the monstrosity of the sandwich w o skimping out on the meats and w  a good ratio of meats So there you have it.  I do feel like a giant weight has been lifted off of my shoulders.  I no longer have to carry around my terrible  were not that good. It was all french fries and very little meat.  My husband and I were almost mad at how little meat was on the sandwiches.  We won't be going back but at least we experienced it." "So this is a Pittsburgh instiitution??  Am so underwhelmed.  After waiting more than 20 minutes for our sandwiches (in the end these are still just sandwiches) I hit the Primanti Brothers Market Square location to see if the sandwich lives up to the legend and it does. The shop offers a wide array of versions from beef to fish but the grilled steak has rich flavor that is nicely cut by the slightly vinegary Cole slaw. The addition of the fries and Cole slaw on top of the sandwich will make any of the offerings at Primanti a delicious and unique flavor of Pittsburgh. I love primanti's but this local is less consistent than the strip. Need more fries on sandwiches. Generally packed during lunch. "I had been wanting to try a Primantis sandwich ever since I seen it on Man v Food. Went to Pittsburgh for a weekend trip to the zoo and aquarium so we had to stop!  Had a ragin' cajun chicken sandwich. It was great! Normally I hate coleslaw but this was something different. Not your normal mayonnaise-y coleslaw  but I definitely will skip next time I'm in town."  but take your money elsewhere and buy good-tasting food instead of kitsch."  and if you're a snobby chick that refuses to eat like a man then don't even bother visiting. This place is seriously cool and it's featured on the Food Network  then it makes absolutely no sense to come here at all. You're here for the most unhealthy and delicious sandwich you'll ever have  so it was a must try while I was in Pittsburgh. I was not disappoint. I would come back the next time I am in Pittsburgh."  I was not disappoint after eating their #2 almost famous pittsburger.  Next time "There was basically no cheese on my ""cheese combo sandwich"" "Boring sandwich. Period. I fell for the ""hype"" and while it was filling for $7 bucks I am glad to say that I experienced the famous Primanti Bros for myself Soooo...yeah skip. Their time is past...unless you are drunk..."  coslau. That's what they are know for but you can get it without all that stuff. Yes its a place for kids and yes they have TVs. I wouldn't really look at it as a bar. When you go there you must be really hungry. I would say you shouldn't have Attn in the last past 7 hours. i give pamanti bros a 5 thumbs up (IF I HAD FIVE THUMBS). Its also in walking distance from the steelers and the pirates Field."  but it's less diner and more bar than the Strip District Primanti. Overall "Easily the best sandwich I have ever ate. I can see why year after year this sandwich ranks tops in the country. I never had a sadnwich with cole slaw and french fries on it It's downtown near offices but doesn't seem to suit the after-work get together well. The food is still a decent value but that's about all it has going for it."  a Primanti Bros sandwich would be a wise choice." Locations other than this one in Market Square include the Strip  each sandwich is finished with fries. The place is classic and charming and goofy and a heart attack just smelling the fumes - but it's fun and unique and the food is quite good if you can avoid thinking about the health affects. The photos should do all the talking needed. At least I can check the box." Definitely a fan of all their sandwiches. Worth the drive from anywhere. And if you're a local and have never eaten here you don't know what you're missing. Definitely a lot of sandwich for the $.  A legendary Pittsburgh establishment through and through.  but it ended up being totally fine and a lot of fun). I had the standard Angus steak sandwich thing that comes with fries inside. Very good At first I didn't like this place. I tried a few sandwiches and liked the Pittsburgh classic idea more than the actual food. I was about to give up when I tried the roast beef. It's my sandwich every time I go now. I'll be back. "I loved my Pgh-style sandwich with cole slaw and fries in it. Wish I could have my sandwich like that everyday! The quality of the bread  giant sandwich I'd take the germs any day." Good beer and food was really good but the service was mediocre at best. But I love that I can here the game and not random music by Rihanna  this is the perfect place and you won't be disappointed. If you are a college student  where even on a busy night I managed to get food in a decent amount of time. I certainly will not be coming to the downtown location if I spot my previous  but I wouldn't go solo.  The blandness of the food is what kills it for me.  I would rather get a sandwich that is half the size with more flavor Great service very helpful...I had the guys pick the sandwich for me.  I got There best selling burger....it was a hamburger with fries in it.   Not a fan of the idea.  Overall kinda boring(Sorry) but it is what it is.  The meat tasted like meat which was a nice change but the toppings were just down right sad.  Fries where a  step up from the norm and for a price of under 7 bucks it sure beats any fast food chain."  a cheesesteak with a heaping helping of cole slaw and fries. A Pittsburgh institution "Good Sandwich and a Great location. The server was a helpful guy that gave good guidance on what to order! This is a Pittsburgh cornerstone restaurant that I've heard about for years and I knew I had to try. I've read some of the reviews and the complainers who have all these petty complaints about not enough cheese or the sandwich being messy...give me a break and just head back to your high maintenance arugula chutney  as it's hard to tell who's been waiting for a table and encourages you to hover over other diners to snag an elusive seat on a weekend night).  I loved my bologna sandwich The place itself is small and good for a group of four.  Eight if you don't mind sitting at two separate tables that are relatively close to each other."  but a bit of a touristic atmosphere.  I'm a stickler for the original in the strip!" "Years ago I saw Primanti Bros. on the food network while I lived in Ohio. I promised myself that when given the opportunity to try them I would.  I came on a lovely Friday afternoon so all the out door tables were taken. We came inside and sat at the bar. I ordered the bacon sandwich (bacon We checked of the ""Primanti Bros"" box I have eaten better sandwiches but stopping for lunch at Primanti Bros was an overall great experience. I sat inside at the bar where I was afforded a bird's eye view of the grill. You should expect to eat a sandwich with a handful of french fries and a handful of cole slaw smashed on top of whatever meat cheese combination you may have ordered. I would definitely recommend sitting at the bar to take in the full experience. "Don't go on trash night and sit outside  I was excited to try Pittsburgh's version.  I was sadly disappointed.  The fries were unseasoned "Can't go to Pittsburgh and not try one of their sandwiches! A bit overrated in my option though... Sandwiches are huge Sandwiches are great - all of them come with coleslaw and frenchfries (ON the sandwich).  They have a full bar at this location.   It was in the high 80's with high humidity so a Blue Moon went perfect with our meals." NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ it lived up to the hype! The Angus steak sandwich with cheese was phenomenal! I loved the sandwich with the fries and slaw in top ... Great stuff! Next time I am in Pittsburgh  I'll be back! French fries & slaw on sandwiches is the best thing since.....(dare I say it?)......sliced bread....." Choose wisely.  Go to Meat & Potatoes instead  so some folks who build the place up in their mind after seeing it 14 times on the food channel are bound to be disappointed.  But if you take it for what it really is...  Well  if you're on Market Square and are hungry for inexpensive (considering some of the other options there) and mediocare quick meal  he brought me a menu and then proceeded to ignore me for 10 minutes.  I walked again.  No more tries here.  Maybe I'm doing something wrong?  Haha."  its definitely worth a try."  but only because they are over stuffed with fries and cole slaw . To steal a line from a old TV commercial .... WERE'S THE BEEF .....  A major major dissapointment ." I appreciate that they're not aiming at  customers like me.  Big sloppy sandwiches are fun for a lot of people so I hate to be a party pooper "I was really looking forward to a huge tasty sandwich but was greatly disappointed! Everything was bland  would I go back and eat a sandwich from there again? And the answer was "I can see why people come here....the prices are great and the sandwiches are huge....after the bf saw Primanti Bros on one of the food networks  and the internets sent me here.  Do not be intimidated to walk in this dump.  I went to the take out line and ordered a spicy sandwich something or another.  The bartenders are either overworked or just don't give a shit cause I waited for a while before ordering.  But stay strong While the food was good as always it wasn't worth the wait because it just took to long. The service wasn't nice at all and I wouldn't tell anybody to come here when it's crowded." First time ever in Pittsburg and had to have Primanti Bros. Sandwich was awesome! (Cheesesteak) and a tall Yuengling to go with. Perfection! In Pittsburgh it seems french fries are treated more like a condiment than a side. I'm not much of a sandwich fan but  Primanti's really does serve up a huge and filling sandwich for a decent price. Went to primantis while getting ready to enjoy the football fame the next day. We walked in and had no clue what to do or what to get. A gentleman yelled at us saying two seats at the bar. Thanked him and sat down. We sat long enough to take pictures. Ordered  two beers came back ordered our sandwiches. Yummy! Nice people behind the counter... "This place holds a nostalgic appeal for people born and raised in Pittsburgh who grew up eating here. If that experience is what your looking for  so my suggestion is if you want a good Food and can wait an hour feel free and come here. If you don't have the time just go next door to the Subway." I stand by my decision: Pass."  whatever meat you'd like in between the famous mancinis bread. I love this location especially because of the hours. Living downtown it's hard to find places to eat late at night but the market Sqaure primantis is open till 12 o'clock 7 days a week. I've tried variations of the sandwich but my favorite so far is the pastrami. I went tonight and I'll be back again the near future." Their vegetable soup was great!  The people who work there are the best.  Amazing service."  but I'll take my chances. I suppose it helps that my doctor's office is 2  I got the deluxe double egg and cheese.  The portion was HUGE and very messy!  More messy than boogers coming out from a runny nose.  The sandwich I got was really good and filling.  I would recommend this place for visitors from afar and who happens to be in the neighborhood."  or they need to train their staff to be more polite and efficient. We will definitely not be coming back the next time we are in town. Our money is better spent else where."  and a small piece of overcooked fish all piled together. Warm yiengling and mediocre service.   Aweful" Super friendly staff. Got there in the morning before the lunch rush. He sandwich is huge and delicious. "Had such high hopes for this place on our visit to Pittsburgh.  The presentation of the sandwiches were making my mouth water With this I would absolutely recommend at least trying it once if you never have." Tastes better when watching a NY Giants game!"  and don't forget to pair it with a yuengling and a whole bunch of the cayenne pepper sauce.  also - make sure to say 'hi' to lefty!  he'll appreciate that."  I would definitely return because I want to try some of the other menu items.  I've heard double-meat is the way to go.  I'm intrigued."  Primanti's is definitely one of a kind.  I don't know of anywhere else you can get burly bartenders to slam down a mess of a sandwich in wax paper on your table (something the suburban restaurants fail to provide).  If you're going to go Worst service ever.  The waitress and I use that term loosely rolled her eyes at any question when ordering and yelled at someone at the table for asking for coleslaw on the side.  Then she had to come back and re ask the orders again and got mad when we repeated about the coleslaw since she didn't repeat it back.  When she brought out the food she just slammed the food down and just shouted out the name of one of the sandwiches um are you asking who had which sandwich which is your job to remember anyways.  I'm glad I don't live in Pittsburgh to have to worry about avoiding this place.  ended up being a weird patty almost like a meatloaf (not a burger). Not sure I'd order that again. Pastrami and cheese was still good. Wish the egg came a little runny." "Can I give this place ZERO stars? They're supposively ""famous"" for their sandwiches so some friends and I go when we are in town. The waitresses all rolled their eyes and glared at me for not wanting my fries on top of my sandwich. (Not to mention the waitress was in the skimpiest tank top with her bra hanging out while waiting on us and grilling food. Gross.) I get that your famous for having fries on the sandwich but regardless "This spot was the light of my life for about 3 solid weeks. From the first bite I could tell that parting ways with Pittsburgh would be heartbreaking. After driving out of pittsburgh and paying my friend for his leftover half a sandwich Just the same as always! Good and fun! The food shows bring in too many lookie lous that want to order some kind of foo foo salad though........  how can you screw up a salad? The chicken was tasteless and rubbery. Got it to go and the girl who took the order over the phone was rude and rushed and was equally rude when I picked it up. She assumed she knew my name and my order and handed me a random bag of food. I told her I was missing a sandwich and she tossed another bag at me without saying a word. I will NEVER go back to any of these locations. I'd rather eat a ham sandwich from Sheetz. At least I can get that without an attitude. If you have friends coming to visit from out of town NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ In Pittsburgh visiting Carnegie Mellon U and was told we had to come here. I ordered the local famous burger. Can't remember the name but it was really good. The bartender was cool and the atmosphere was dope too. Cool place. I'd spend my money there again. What a great place with great eats!  Awesome sandwiches - I had a taste of two sandwiches half a pastrami and a capicola and both were topped off by Coleslaw and French Fries. Which went down nicely with out Iron City beers! My motto: eat food you recognize." Okay so I will forever be a fan and will make this a stop every time I'm in PA! The service was laid back but attentive and that pastrami Sammie fully loaded was utter nirvana :) such a cool staple for Pittsburg and I can't wait to go back! Good place to have a sandwich. Outside tables were a nice place to sit and enjoy the city. Slaw was excellent!  lukewarm beef party with bland soggy fries on top. The cold lettuce and tomato cooled the sandwich even more. I enjoyed the coleslaw on top Market square location was confusing because seat yourself but wasn't clear."  sandwich comes in paper and the drinks are in paper cups but the sandwich's are awesome.  I first saw this restaurant on Man vs Food and it looked great  fries and tomato right on the sandwich made it totally unique. Oh and they also have a great craft beer selection."  it's something worth trying if you're new to Pittsburgh. But would I go back? Probably not."  and definitely nothing to write home about.  They did have some decent draft beer options but no one in my group of 10 said they would come back.  Try another ""local"" joint if you have an option."  at the Primanti's in Market Square. It took more than a half hour for my wife to get a cheese steak and the place wasn't even crowded. Missed the first inning of the Pirates game as a result. Boo!" "My friend and I stumbled in here during a road trip to Maryland.  I'm so glad we did.  I had never heard of the place before and we went there because the breakfast place around the corner hadn't even taken our drink order after 20 min of being seated. It was morning and there really wasn't much open in the area.  We weren't sure we wanted lunch food that early Highly disappointing. While sandwich is unique it was totally over cooked and under seasoned. No flavor  and the others in my party were a little disappointed.  I think they may have just made bad choices for their ""meat"" (kielbasa and the Pittsburgher)  burger tasted a lot like my morning star black bean burger that I get frozen.  Coleslaw was a lot better with the hot sauce I smothered on it.  The best part was by far the fries which weren't all that great.  I am glad that those were home made.  I picked all the bread off ate mostly the fries and was not very impressed.  The beer makes everything tastes better so order at least two beers before eating.  I'm not a big foodie but I like my food taste better.  I still ate because I was hungry and it's not uneatable I always try to hit this location when I'm in town. Great staff menu is solid & a Pittsburgh tradition. Great food overall at all locations! Go to another location to eat though. The Market Square location has the most horrible service I've ever experienced. Horrible! "i guess if you are in Pittsburgh and you want to do Pittsburgh things you have to grab a Primanti Bros sandwich but it isn't that good of a sandwich. Pittsburgh is loaded with great places to eat.  you can certainly do better.  having said that  and was greeted by a gargantuan sandwich that I was to learn had both fries and cole slaw IN the sandwich.   Interesting!   Ultimately "This is my go-to place after a Pirate game to wait out the traffic. When it isn't busy the service is great and you can get a quick "I was recommended here by a friend as a place to cross off the Pittsburgh ""bucket list"". I ended up getting the Pittsburger - it met my expectations Absolutely horrible! Frozen meat patty with a dog food like taste and texture on the P'burgher. Seriously how does this place survive? Read Sarah F. review as it mirrored or experience at the strip district location. Will never return to any location!  but this place definitely made me feel at home. The portions are huge! My only regret is that I didn't try to split a meal w  my girlfriend." "Service was bad. Server walked away before we were done ordering and then when someone got her attention she had to return 5 minutes later to re clarify which it was wrong. We didn't see her for a good 20 minutes and had to go up to the bar for refills. She did take one of our cups to refill it  and I personally like it a lot on the sandwich itself. The fries were less excellent. I don't know if they would have been better on the side rather than on the sandwich A Pittsburgh staple! Highly recommend to out-of-towners & Pittsburghers alike. Add hot sauce! It's amazing! I wish they would put one in the Pittsburgh Airport! I had a cheeseburger and it was decent. I'm not a fan of coleslaw which made the burger a little dry after taking it off. I'll have to give something else a try the next time I am in town.  great concept putting the coleslaw and fries in the sandwich but it just tasted bland to me. I asked for them to toast the bread but they said they couldn't do it because it sticks to the grill... ""Can't put a piece of bread on the grill?"" Again  I left half my sandwich completely untouched on the table when I left." I had the famous Pitts-Burger and it was disgusting! The only reason I'm giving it two stars is because of the bread. The bread is super soft and tasty but the meat was gross and the cole slaw was bitter. I don't see what the hype is all about!  but I think that probably amazed the server as much as her server amazed us. All in all I was pleasantly surprised!  I went in with low expectations after seeing the so-so reviews and hearing from people that it's not all it's cracked up to be.  Got the steak sandwich with everything on it.  I ate most of it and wasn't even that hungry to begin with.  Definitely needed salt pepper and the hot sauce they had.  When you add potatoes to a sandwich it tends to make it taste bland unless you have a killer sauce.  The sandwich could feed most people for two meals and it's only $7..great value.  23 oz miller lite was only $4..also so cheap.  We enjoyed sitting at the bar and watching the head cook make quick work of 100+ sandwiches.  These people got the routine down pat.  I would definitely eat it again and appreciate the history of the place. "The restaurant did their level best to make it up to me That said I could see this as a post night out stop and would probably enjoy it a lot more."  now I know why people don't usually put french fries in their sandwiches. Sandwich comes out huge and kind of dry  when your choice was seeing the stories on their televisions about our enemy murdering defenseless journalists or some show about naked people living off the land...kind of stifles the appetite and not appropriate for even the most casual of dining!   I would have expected better from the hipsters running the joint." This was a fun sandwich as I was visiting Pittsburgh. It was neat to hear the origin that truck drivers just wanted their cole slaw & fries slapped in with the sandwich so they could eat it on the go. I appreciate the concept & it's worth a try but I don't need to come back. I liked fat heads more. Was in town on a baseball stadium tour and heard about this place from the locals.I enjoyed my sandwiches and was hooked with the special slaw added to the sandwiches.I was also in luck once we caught the pirates game I noticed they had primantis in the park so I ordered another sandwich. "The beer selection is limited to what you might find in convince store (in states where this is possible. Sandwiches are Pittsburgh landmarks though and the food is good but nothing truly special. Great place to hang with friends "customer service is always nice but dont you all think that this place is little over-rated? Their 'Almost Famous Sandwitches' need some hard work to get famous. Basically Now I have to be on a diet :-)" "We decided to stop by Primanti brothers after hearing all the hype from everyone. We were already primed with the fact that their sandwiches are stuffed with fries so we decided to just share one sandwich. And holy moley was it colossal (well we DID get the colossal fish and cheese). We ended up taking most of the fries out because it got too heavy and filling. The coleslaw in the sandwich was pretty good-- not a huge amount of mayo which is what I like. However "I go to Point Park so this Primanti's is a staple for me and my friends. We go here probably 4 or 5 times a semester - always in groups of at least 4 and often more. The food is so great it's hard to care about anything else. I usually get the capicola with an egg  and there are many of them now around Pittsburgh. You get exactly what you think you are getting Best thing i had in Pittsburgh. My food was hot and quick. The beer was cold and there  was plenty of it. I ate and watched the steelers game. Very nice staff. Definitely stop by again next time i am in town. "Great food and very filling. Definitely need to walk this meal off when finished. Turkey and cheese was delicious. Fish sandwich was ok When going seat yourself. Order some great grub and enjoy yourself. This is a Pittsburgh must." And it was quite warm in there."  my sandwich was just ok. Nothing to write home about. The service blew it for me. And I was so pumped too. Damn." "Service was excellent! There girls work together so well and is like a welcome committee to the city!! Parking was a bit tricky because of some construction in the square  definitely worth the visit-- and great service! Our waitress happened to be from Harrisburg ( that's where we are from!) so we shared some really great conversation!!" "I've tried it twice now because if you ever mention you're going to Pittsburgh the first thing you hear is ""Oh Man It also was super crowded." Wingharts has a burger with fries and cole slaw." The sandwich itself was really tasty and yummy and I could see why it is a Pittsburgh favorite. If we are ever in the area again  and a fistful of French fries layered right in. Come hungry!" "The fabled Primanti's sandwich has been a favorite of yinzers from time immemorial. Now that I live in Vegas  cold. -_- they make up for by pouring scalding hot cheese sauce all over to mask the cold fries. Well played my friend. it doesnt stop me from coming once every 2 months"  you know I'll be back  I always HAVE to get a cheesesteak if possible (when not in Philadelpha!) so getting one at Primanti's was an easy choice to make. Ive heard about this place from multiple people and heard only good things. I love how its a chain Went to this location a few weeks back to watch the national championship game. It was chill and relaxed atmosphere as there  wasn't many people there. The food was alright. I'm not a fan of the sandwiches just too much going on their but the chilli  was really good.  Also the bartender was friendly and checked on us often enough. I'd go back to this  locale.  I eat her usually twice a day when in the burg. The sandwichs are good but this is food steeped in tradition and represents the city well. A sandwich for the people  my friends and I dined at this location. I tried the Ragin Cajun Chicken Breast and Cheese sandwich which was well-worth the 6.99. It came with a moderate helping of coleslaw and tomatoes as well. It was really delicious and the meat was seasoned very well. Would definitely recommend to  people new or visiting the area as it is a unique restaurant among all the fast food and other common chains down the street. This restaurant (not sure which location) was also featured on Man v Food if that adds any incentive."  that is all on one sandwich.  It feels like a heart attack in a rectangular package but is simultaneously delicious.  I personally love the Angus black steak but the most popular version is definitely the cheesesteak This was after waiting 20+ minutes at the register with cash in hand. I understand it's busy- but acknowledge people - appreciate customers! When you tell us to F off- you ar going DOWN! Rude! Not worth it." The noodles are top notch but I hear the sandwichs are even better." "True Pittsburgh original! You can't go to pittsburgh without getting a ""sammich"" ! I love the fries here and the beer of course! Be ready to feel full! Great staff as well !"  look into it to know what it is and start calling the name of the sandwich out at the table.  I do not recommend this place. I should have gone to subway."  it would be 1 star. But the second start is pity for the party size"  we sat outside immediately on an 80deg day. Worth experiencing" "We were in Pittsburgh and decided to try this place since it comes so highly recommended. Neither I nor my husband understood the hype about this place. The sandwich didn't really have much flavor and I would have rather just had the fries on the side with some malt vinegar. It did the trick of filling me up  a hamburger patty served with a pile of slaw and fries on white bread (house made I suspect). It was a good sandwich Other than that the service was good so I gave it two stars."  she said it was beer. That's my type of place. I had seen this mentioned on several Food Network shows and since we were in town to watch the Cardinals vs the Bucs thought we'd give it a try. We've been there My first prim bros experience was at this location fresh baked Cibrones bread with HotSausage Prov fries and slaw good lord Prim Bros is a staple in Pittsburgh and if you can't make it to the Original in the Strip coming here will not disappoint! The staff to me could have done a better job because at first I was confused and no one seemed to be egar to help but other then that great must go! This place is Burgh famous for a reason. GIANT sandwiches are sure to fill you up. Try the Pittsburger! I like bread.  The sandwiches come with an awesome coleslaw and fresh cut fries in them.  I had the knotwurst sandwich and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Should have ordered the 23oz draft though.  My colleague could handle the size of the sandwich though - a lightweight!  We came for lunch and will go back! "First time in Pittsburgh and I was fairly disappointed in the ""coleslaw and fries in the sandwich"" bonanza. It may have been that my expectations were sky high due to the hype from the Food Network reviews and my friend raving about it being a must-have in town. The service was quick "The only thing this place has going for it is the local hype. The sandwiches lack flavor I know there is a lot of hype surrounding this place but I would recommend heading elsewhere." Pittsburgh staple. Got the Ragin' Cajun Chicken sandwich and a Victory Summer Luv to wash it down. Perfect alternative to paying the exuberant Arts Fest food prices. The sandwich was delicious and most filling. The Summer Luv is a yummy summer beer without being lemony or sweet or wheaty that complimented the Cajun Chicken nicely. So glad I elected to stick around town today after work.  adding fries to the burger is a win! It's simple and very good so I can see why our friends who had visited Pittsburgh all told us to try Primanti's. It's a staple in two and has a great history serving some really good food."  you may like the sandwich better than I.  The fries on the sandwich added no additional flavor. I've had much better sandwiches than this and all five of us left the restaurant wondering what all the fuss is about."  OH after hearing about it from some friends and also on Man versus Food.   The very high expectations we had were not met.  The entire staff were great and super friendly but the sandwiches themselves were a little disappointing.  Hate slaw but tried it with slaw anyway.  Scrapped that all off. Nothing special. We shared the corned beef and the salami.   The bread was fresh but so think between the bread and the fries with no salt it over powered the small amount of meet.  So sure it's a huge sandwich at a great price if you want bread with flavorless potatoes on it.  No need to go back but glad we finally tried it.   I do give the fried pickles a 5.  Probably some of the best i have had.  They saved this meal somewhat."  which made me wonder on how quick is was for us to get our food. I sampled other sandwiches that my family got & theirs were much better!! Capicola was on point! And so was the salami!" Ordered the black angus top sirloin steak and cheese for 7.99$ cause the people next to us recommended it however it was nothing special. Way too much coleslaw. Def split it and get ice cream for dessert somewhere else. Only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it! We went because its a Pittsburgh tradition but I cannot say I loved it. It was a sandwich with undercooked fries. Definitely not my favorite.  but didn't taste gross.  All that was left were the cheese and the meats. They may have been the most disappointing because I thought that I could maybe at least enjoy that. Essentially In addition to the famous sandwiches the deep fried pub pickles are also yummy."  but was dying for a taste of Pittsburgh. It is still what I remember and enjoyed every bite. Always a great place for good simple food."  never had a sandwich with fries on it before.  Fried pickles were yummy!  Decent service too."  I got a turkey sandwich with the coleslaw and fries on it. Sounds interesting but the coleslaw was slightly bitter and I'm used to coleslaw being a little sweet. Too many fries on the sandwich. Trust me on this I wouldn't recommend this place. There is much better places right in market square." "The sandwiches seem like a neat idea because they're stuffed with Fries and coleslaw.  But that's about all you taste when you eat their sandwiches.  In reality there's very little meat  it's not worth the wait or the money!" "Saw this place featured on the travel channel and was looking forwarded to trying it.  Got here and the place had limited customers and were not busy "Our first day in town some colleagues of mine went here for dinner. They didn't have anything good to say. Finding that odd with all the Yelp reviews we tried it anyway after the Pirates game. It was about a 10-15 minute easy walk. My buddy and I ordered two sandwiches the capicola and pastrami. They were great! Service was decent It was a cool atmosphere and they had an outdoor seating area.  The staff was fun and energetic.  Great late night food after a night of drinking.  I would definately recommend this place to a friend."  nor do I care to do so. Other places simply cannot execute this meal with the skill and confidence of Primanti Bros." "Our server olia was very friendly throughout the madness of market square tonight.  The sandwiches were great  but the food (decent portions of fairly standard bar food) was only reasonably good." Good atmosphere especially if it's nice outside to sit and eat. The food is good and it's a staple here in Pittsburgh. Easy to pick from menu and very friendly service. Beer here is great too! "What?  This place was insane today!  Slinging the food like nobody's business!  So fun to watch and so busy today!  Only regret was sharing a sandwich with my dining partner and getting the small half!  Deliciously decadent Place was pretty good. First time in Pittsburgh over the past weekend. Chilli cheese fries were awesome! And the #2 best seller was ok I guess. It was good but I didn't love it. .. "It's good if you're in a pinch (or don't have cash) but do yourself a favor and hit-up the original location on 18th street. Seriously  but extremely inattentive. I'm going to go ahead and play my ""I Waited on Tables in High Volume Restaurants for Several Years"" card just so I can say that even during lunch rush "After much recommendation we stopped here for lunch while we were in Pittsburgh for a wedding the other day.  I had never been there before so I asked the waitress for recommendations and she had suggested the angus beef or pastrami.  I had turkey on my mind so I ordered the turkey sandwich and my husband had the angus beef.  When we got the sandwiches both of them were overstuffed with the meat  and fries. It was good but not as good as many try and make it out to be. Definitely different. I also had wings and beer and those items were great.  Also  bread but it is soft and easy to eat. I was surprised that that fries (which are on the sandwich) aren't soggy. I selected the beef. Only three stars because although it has fresh flavor it's very plain. No spices or fresh herbs makes it a very flat sandwich experience."  Pittsburgher cheese steak and corn beef and cheese!! Taste great!! Service was good  you should definitely try it. No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stop at Primanti Bros. There's not much else I can say that hasn't been said in 100 other reviews." The bathroom needs a deep clean but otherwise the place looked spotless." Crazy theory for a sandwich..Cole slaw & French Fries stacked on the sandwich?!? I figured why not... It was Awesome!  watched tv and let the lunch hour slip away with a corned beef and cheese. The staff were nice  for what it's worth... we heard from native Pittsburghers that this one in Market Square and the other one on The Strip are the only two you should go to Totally cool place! Very comfortable and nothing fancy. It's a great place for anyone but it's especially a great place for a steelers fan! And the sandwich's are totally worth it. You can't go wrong here!  also has tables outside so you can enjoy the view when weather is right. They also have music the tables are comfortable" Loved their Food! Lived up to the reputation.  in Pittsburgh and having the Pittsburger! I came and it was everything I dreamed it would be lol. Simple: Get there  took them a while to realize we just sat down. I recommend them to clean their tables and chairs a little better. I sat on a chair and it was a little sticky. Other than that it wasn't too bad. Next time I go back to this place "" native Pittsburghers told me.  But I insisted.  It was fantastic!  Sloppy sandwiches and greasy fries  but hardly any pastrami. The fries weren't very good either -- took them off and was left with a sub-par sandwich."  this place is awesome. Had an amazing sandwich and great service. The locals here were so nice. The area is great. We are from albuquerque and the people in pittsburgh have been great. This restaurant bar rocks!!!!" This was perfect late night hot spot after skating I the MASS MUTUAL skating rink."  make sure to request to sit outdoors because it's super pretty!" Ps- for those who show up at 2:00 and expect to be served after last call.:: and then proceed to act rude about it... Consider that each and every person who works at primanti Bros works hard and deserves to go home. Don't be entitled and feel like you deserve to be served just because you're inside the restaurant. Show respect!" My advice:  Locals must not know shit from their asshole.  There are a lot of other great places around this location   and sweet sausage  cheese sandwiches. Great food--loved the pub pickles! Service somewhat lacking but great experience overall. Worth the wait!" had almost finished. Sure enough the food that had been sitting on the grill was ours - it was over cooked and burned.  I sent it back - showed the gal my burned pastrami sandwich.  Her response was that the black or burn was my pastrami.  She has an attitude and reluctantly made me a new one in 5 minutes. The ice tea tasted old and we had to wait until we got the bill to get a refill.  In watching this operation from the counter they were more interested in singing the words to piped in music than serving the customers. This staff needs some serious lessons in public relations and social skills. For the most part they were rude and inattentive.  The food was ok.  I felt bad for the other couple who brought us here - they apologized several times for the service and our bad experience.  People make or break a business- too bad a few employees can tarnish a businesses reputation- I will not recommend this place - sorry. One star - should be no star  and tasty meat. Getting a seat near the grill was an added bonus for the experience. Efficient I highly recommend the pastrami. It's always lean and tender."  try getting a patio table. You wont be disappointed. I also like to sit at the bar too because I get a chance to see how the sammich is made! I like that they have their systems!"  and cool scenery in Market Square. Arrived around 9pm with my pal jimmy and ordered the spicy ham sandwich - sooooo good. Parking sucks  the sandwich is not something I would do again "Disgusting. Truly one of my least favorite places to visit in the neighborhood. Guests always mention they can't wait to try go here. I dread it at this point. Id prefer to never go back to this location. The staff is friendly. The bar isn't terrible  while Karen had the Pitts-Burger.  Lunch was relatively inexpensive Great interesting menu. Food was very good silverware scarce. The plastic ware was flimsy. I love that this location is next to many different bars and pubs  the internet makes this place sound like an important place to try in Pittsburgh. Give it a shot of youre in town and looking for something casual and not too adventurous."  and french fries! This location was cool because it's right downtown in market square with a cool vibe. I would have another Pittsburgher next time I'm in town."  very enjoyable.  Had the pastrami and was leary about having coleslaw on the sandwich but it works. Add a little hot sauce and it is perfect." "Service is outstanding. Mozzarella was great. But never having been before I was looking for a burger.  I did not get a burger. It was some type of mixed patty I got the Pittsburgh + Cheese and it was enough to fill me up without eating an appetizer or sides."  so I got up and walked out. Never going back. I know these guys are a staple of PGH "I eat Primanti's every time I'm in Pittsburgh. Happened to have two days off while here for work and ate here for the second time today. Their fires are properly made  but we got good service for a good price.  The small guy with glasses who was cooking put on a great show and was fun to talk to.  If we hadn't gorged on 5 Guys ten minutes earlier You will leave smelling like cooking oil. And their beer selection sucks. They had one local beer  but when I called in to place a to-go order I was hung up on 3 times!! Horrible customer service! Y'all will not be getting ANY business  recommendations from me!" "My husband and I shared the Pitts-Burger sandwich and it was just the right amount of food. It was served on 2 thick slices of soft white bread and topped with fries and a crunchy "This is a decent sandwich place that is a staple of Pittsburgh. The special feature of this place is that the fries are placed into the sandwich instead of on the side. The sandwiches are very large "The bomb-diggity of Pittsburgh restaurants!  Fries an slaw on phenomenal local bread with ever sandwich combo you'd expect. Many other menu choices all of consistent quality...Great funky good time atmosphere without pretentiousness. Lots of Pittsburgh ""vibe""! Great food "Really not sure what all the hype and popularity of this place is all about. Sandwich was meh. Fries were meh. Tater tots were meh. But the dipping sauce for the tots were on point. That's about it.  There is very little meat on the sandwich. It's mostly bread and a huge clump of coleslaw. Came here because everyone says it's ""the place"" when in Pittsburgh. I'd pass....  Service isn't that great either."  but they could have used more seasoning for the different layers. We were excited to try them  drive in's and dives. Guy said that this is a must visit place. It was a group of us and we sat outside. The service was prompt and friendly. I ordered a Angus steak and cheese sandwich and a draft Summer ale. The sandwich was huge (see pic). Every sandwich has coleslaw and french fries on it. The cole slaw is a vinegar based slaw. It is is a little different but it had a nice tang to the sandwich. Although the sandwich was huge there really is not a lot of meat. You can ask for additional meat for a small charge. Overall it was a good experience but not quite as mind blowing as Guy described." It's definitely unique and worth a try. I didn't really like the sandwich that much but it's unique and the service was really polite and fast. It's a ""must see"" place while in Pittsburgh!"  I will probably be back. If it was any other sandwich shop  friends were messaging me begging me to bring back sandwiches for them (all the way from Pittsburgh to Rochester Quick service.  There was a line outside waiting to get seated for lunch and it didn't take too long to get seated.  I ordered the colossal fish and cheese and it was good but it wasn't as good as what everyone hypes it up to be. Maybe there are better choices other than the fish.  and the meat was tender. The meat and bread both left me wanting more. The Italian bread was thick...and that's about all I can say for it. Wholly generic otherwise. The meat also lacked any distinguishing flavor other than ""meaty."" I really could have used some more seasoning and flavor from the two biggest components of the sandwich. I'm glad we made it out to Primanti Bros So as a Ravens fan Baltimore boy I'll admit  Primantis is good! But Steelers still suck ass!!  Caw Caw!!!" NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ  but the food is kinda disappointing. Still a good place to guzzle beer and zone out to tv" Primanti's used to be special-single location with good service NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ "Came here because of the history behind it (and a recommendation from my uber driver). The sandwich is honestly more for the experience than the taste. It has too much going on and the flavor a are not a good compliment. The lettuce (which I suspect is actually shaved cabbage) is overpowering Also a little insider info... If your are wondering what their number 1 seller is... It's beer (more specifically Iron City  but I understand that it was a super busy Friday dinner. I would still highly recommend giving this place a try if you haven't been before I am visiting from California and was very disappointed with the service and food. It was all bread and coleslaw. The waiter was not nice at all!  Blah!!!! Great Beer selection good sandwiches and a basket of popcorn when you sit down. Very reasonable prices.  but I'm not a frequent patron.  If you're in the area grab a bite to eat at restaurant in the same stretch and stop by the Saloon for a drink!" I also wanted to give them a big THANKS to the Saloon. During the big snow snowstorm of 2010  the second you walk through the door it's vaguely sewer-ish. Their roof deck is okay Even something as simple as the buffalo chicken tenders I ordered last time as a fail-safe hope for a meal - after two previous disappointing experiences - scored below-average. The buffalo sauce was almost gritty "Bad food even for a bar and some of the beer prices were a bit much.  This place has a nice layout Great bar menu and beer selection as well.  The wings are the best in town."  a feature most sports bars in this town seem to be lacking. Prices and selection seemed on point and the bartender hooked it up! :) All in all I was super satisfied." Although I don't frequent that often great place outside the city I ordered the buffalo wings -- hot -- and I really liked them. They had good meat on them and the hot sauce had decent flavor to it. Seems like this place puts decent effort into quality food and drink  and Yuengling drafts are less than $3. What more could anyone possibly want?? I have yet to find a Saloon replacement in Chicago where I now live. Every time I come back to Pittsburgh to visit family So the joint looks like it may have seen some better days... if you serve me some bangin' hot wings that are making me dream about them later and a row of around 30+ beers on tap Parking can be a challenge.  I'd also like to mention that this is Mt Lebanon.  The police there WILL ticket you for ANYTHING.  Make sure you are parked in a legal spot.  They'll seriously chalk your tires and time you to see if you leave your car parked too long in a timed spot.  So be mindful of that!"  hoagies and sandwiches to choose from on the menu that range from good to really good. It's bar food not fine dining but its always fun in there and the beer selection and atmosphere rocks!!" There are other great bars in Mt Lebanon that are far more deserving of your money." This place is just okay.  Food isn't that great.  It's kind of dark & dingy.  Lots of TV's though.  I prefer Cain's Saloon...just right down the road. Good beer selection and great additional space when the deck is open. Typical dive and bar food. Crowded on Friday Saturday nights.  they blast a collection of random music that has no flow. The crowd consists mostly of guys in their late 20s who wear beanies and fedoras and like to hunt the crowd in their high school wolf packs and cougars who most likely live in the area."  but I've had good food at several bars before. The service was also overwhelmed and really slow. You would've been better off walking up to the bar and ordering a drink on your own. Needless to say  but smells like an old fraternity house. It has a lot of beers on tap and a great following. I like that it's close to my apartment They lose a star based on the french fries. Over the past year they changed the food menu-- they used to have great beer battered fries but have since gotten rid of them." I met future husband here 12 23 09 at a girls night out when he was out with his buddies celebrating the divorce of his friend. We got married 9 20 14. Great local bar with a great selection of beer on tap. My wife and I normally end up there a couple times a week and always enjoy our visits.  they were interesting.  The ""regular""  sauce had a ton of black pepper and also parmigian cheese.  They were cooked good  but that's about the only positive thing I had to say about this place. I usually dig the sports atmosphere  30 craft beers on draft. Other menu items are solid and the bartenders are friendly and efficient. Even when they get weeded they keep an eye out and know when we need a refill or the check. When not too busy they take the time for small talk and get to know you. We live within walking distance which is a huge plus. More of a younger crowd on Friday Saturday nights but over all "Sit at the bar. They will take good care of you. The waitresses are  nonchalant terrible wait service and the smell of stale beer then head over to this joint.. Two stars because I will say that the manager made a solid attempt at rectifying the poor job of our server." This place has the best draft beer selection by far in Mt. Lebanon and the menu is decent for bar food. Too bad the bartenders are slow and the wait staff are too few.  you know this place is bad news.  When you see positive reviews "Just finished eating at the saloon. We are from out of town so happened to pick it from a list of restaurants provided by our hotel. We found it to be wonderful. Enjoying a Sunday night with football on television  but their draft beer selection is top notch. It's somewhat surprising as this is just a neighborhood bar This place doesn't do it for me at all. I guess if your not cool with the employees you have to wait three weeks for a drink. Two times in this place was one to many for me.  but for bar food...love it.  Always a good selection of craft beer on draft!  Would highly recommend.  Just wish there was a pool table ...but not enough room.  :("  but I think it would be a cool place to hang with the gang to watch a game or chill after a long day at work." So I might not be the target audience.  This is my friend's favorite bar.  I am not sure why.  The frat-boy like atmosphere may be it vSZDiKiF8vf9zt_BcDL7GQ The guy didn't even apologize for the website - it's called false advertising First and foremost. This is the worst lay out ever for a bar. You walk up stairs into a crowded mess because there is about 3 feet of walking room. Pricing is horrendous for beers. Food is ok. Thats all i got. Not too bad during the week. Weekend: dont bother. The outdoor patio bar is a nice touch in Summer." I'm personally in bed by 10.  I do like the ""south jersey cheese steak"" an awful lot."  enjoy the atmosphere.  I sat at the bar in between a homeless Vietnam Vet (who counted out the 40 cent wings bill in change) and two Chinese engineers working on some big project for Carnegie Mellon  eating wings and watching footbal couldn't be any better. I always stop by here whenever I travel back to Pittsburgh and I love it."  sandwich and some wings.  Many customers know each other and were very friendly.  So was the staff.  Ran into someone I work with.  Holy Cow!  Wings were pretty good. Had a sausage hoagie and it was good.  Beer is pretty cheap.   Daily specials on food and beer."  but today thus music was the nastiest hardcore rap that was just offensive. How many F-bombs can you realistically listen to while eating lunch and watching sports. Dropped 2 stars from what I would last night whenit used to be my favorite place in shadyside." vSZDiKiF8vf9zt_BcDL7GQ The waitress told us we had to leave our table right after we paid our bill (and tipped her generously) just because we hadn't ordered another drink. I have never been treated so rudely by a waitstaff before in my life.  but yesterday they did let me bring in a bowl of pho and eat it while all my other friends ordered wings and beer I would say this is a good bar to go with a large drunk group Even after bad experiences here I will still always come back for that."  this is a great sports bar. Too many TV's to count "Review base on wings n beer! Been here a couple of times now. I always seem to come when they have wings on special. Which works out great for me because I love wings  will try next time. Went there two days in a roll for drinks. Like the patio because it' s nice weather." Great beer and food specials.  They had the Michigan game on too!  I only stick with the wings as it's definitely just bar food!" "Went in there with friends knowing ""friends"" but everyone was rude. Unless you're a local don't go in there. They treat you like garbage I absolutely love William Penn Tavern. My favorite spot is the outdoor bar mainly because the inside is very crowded. The bar tenders are so friendly and the drinks are strong. This is a go-to spot for me in Shady Side!  but the bad hip-hop was too loud to be worth staying for more than one glass" "Wednesday night is wing night.  So I had to go with the Yuengling and wings.  Not terribly crowded or loud as others indicated.    Attentive service sitting in bar area.  Slightly limited menu "If you are looking for a good place to catch a game and have some pub food and drinks with a Pittsburgh flavor If you're drunk get the kitchen sink wings and mac & cheese bites! Their fried zucchini is pretty good too :) Bonus points for service and longevity" My only complaint is how crowded it can get... To the point where you can't move but I guess that means it's a popular place. They have an outdoor patio in the back"  but I'll submit that when an occasion calls for multiple screens of sports  I'd recommend a stop-in sometime to see if the place and vibe tickle your fancy." Bombbbbbbbbb A wings.  Cheap and tasty how we like it. Nice bartenders and speedy service. Decent beer specials. Only thing it's missing is a pinball machine.  Definitely will make this a regular spot! Even if you're just visiting the area "Typical sports bar with great wings! Kitchen Sink Wings were $.50 each the night we went. The fried zucchini was great as well (more breading then zucchini "Those stars are for the wings! If your not ordering wings don't come. I haven't tried everything on the menu buttttttt the nachos are skimpy and salty and those Mac and cheese bites are nothing but Kraft boxed Mac and cheese Oh and it's also the go-to bar for CMU students so if you're into that...."  the music here is so good that it makes my friends and I dance each time we come here. A place that allows some dancing is an automatic 5-star bar. In addition though Gets crowded with some college students and some older folks as well - might be difficult to get a table. However Highly recommend their wings - completely addictive.  Special house sauce all the way! No doubt about it.  Relax and enjoy." "I agree with others who have mentioned the kitchen sink wings.  They are really good and I would keep coming back for them alone.  They have a nice tv set up and always have the games on.  Beer selection could be better While I would certainly like to explore more of the menu and drinks offered in the main bar "Wings are perfect. Medium sized and crispy. Sauces are pretty good: Ranch: typical restaurant ranch  but cheap prices. Loud to begin with and louder still with music at an irritating decibel level. The patio is a small sticky slab of concrete. I made the mistake of coming on a Saturday evening  try not to get into a fight to spill a perfectly good full glass of Vodka Redbull and almost take out my chair and you should be good to go. Keep it up!"  the nicest staff in the city ... bar none!! Try the wings for sure ... always a great choice. But look at the specials board for inventive alternatives to the regular fare. A neighborhood classic!" "This is my go-to spot on nights when the wings are only 50 cents. You really can't beat Will Penn when it comes to wings and a great sports environment. It's a bit grungy since it's also a bar that's frequented by tons of college kids Great local bar. Phenomenal wings and beer specials. Great staff and a must visit for local tourist. Now what is in that kitchen sink sauce?! I've got it narrowed down to garlic  as absolutely every television was occupied with the same game.  (I then had to drive down to the waterfront to Dave&Busters to see the game My favorite college bar with delicious bar food.  The kitchen sink wings are a must - if you don't like wings you can get the kitchen sink chicken tender wrap which is amazing.  I love their mac n' cheese bites.  My go to drink was a john daly's which they make wonderfully.  The bartender's are nice - but be prepared for crazyness on the weekends! This is probably one of the most popular bars in Shadyside and gets nuts after 11pm.  worth every darn moment. We got the pulled pork and slaw plus the buffalo chicken wrap and fries. The food was astounding. The cook placed a little bit of his soul in that food. I have been so used to lack of caring of what comes out of most kitchens this gentleman was proud. He delivered it hot to our table and our server was that you would expect from any bar (feel free to get up and go track them down for whatever you need  the food is average and the prices aren't bad. Would recommend day drinking here My fav local hangout!!!! Staff is awesome! Food is phenominal!!!! Great place to watch a game. Ive met a few cool people here as well. Not to mention you can smoke in the back even in the winter due to the fact they have heaters. Very cool looking ones at that. I normally drop about 200 bucks each time I go. Not including and average 40 dollar tip. Maybe that's why the staff loves me and I get great service. Haha  this tavern with his name is a solid option." It's the go-to for Carnegie Mellon students. $5 pitchers and kitchen sink wings with a side of Mac and cheese bites NEVER disappoints. This seems like a fun place to drink and chill. It slowly got busier as the night went on."  and I just love the place. I'll miss it now that I've left the city but looking forward to visiting again." If you're in the area I highly recommend you to stop in for a few drinks and try some snacks. You won't be disappointed!" "I am only giving one star because Yelp won't let me give zero stars. I was here with a group of friends and had a TERRIBLE experience with the extremely rude security. All of us are transplants to Pittsburgh and come from different states. As many people know (and bouncers especially NEED to to know)  and I plan on continuing to come here in the years to come." Rocky Bleier was there! Yay!" but other than that I love theirr Stakes :)" "Absolutely love coming here. Me and my girlfriend stop in at least once a week. We've been coming here for about a year now and have made it our place to go. The food is just like any other Applebee's Says they deliver on here... Wrong & wrong again & should not be checked! I like Applebee's & thought the delivery was something new for the Pittsburgh area... Don't know if this is something Yelp does or something someone checked off... But not cool! It's a good place to stop if you're traveling or just want to stay on a budget."  I highly recommend this Applebee's location!" I am giving it 2 stars ONLY because the manager was nice. Our waitress was awful..the food was inedible...how do you screw up mashed...instant mashed by the managers admission...potatoes? Consistently of cement and zero taste. How does a cook forget butter and salt? How do you cook and send out a medium steak that is so well done that it can't be cut? Save the money and the frustration and go somewhere else.  I came home and made a delicious grilled cheese.  but they also have 2 for 25 that includes steak. They have tons of specials and happy hour! Make sure you check the website for the happy hour times..I'll be back!"  going by the name of Kristy was by far one of the rudest and under cover racist people I've encountered. And if I was a betting women Bad night? Not sure and we won't be back to find out." "I cannot believe I have been to Applebee's twice in one week.  This place has been recently renovated and although is a smaller Applebee's  the food was good and the prices were reasonable...  The only things that could be improved were the lukewarm temperature of the cheese that came out with the new beer pretzels (which were awesome) and the riblets I ordered were just a bit fatty...  My boyfriend's new shrimp pasta with queso was great... Overall  the experience was horrible. The service was horrible. The food was ok. I won't be running back to this location any time soon."  I was very impressed. I ordered a cheeseburger w  fries. The burger was cooked perfectly and fresh! I also really enjoyed their seasoned fries. My Mom enjoyed her salad as well  and I judge them by the steak. At this Pineville location the steak is always exactly like I ask for it. They cook the best steak! It's a good and a bad though because I expect this kind of excellent perfectly prepared steak at other Applesbee's locations - no luck. This is the Diamond of Applebee's other locations don't compare (concord location near exit 36 - their cook needs to learn from the one in Pineville)" I'm not a fan but I enjoy drinking at the bar area. So if you're coming to drink ... not so bad. If you're coming to eat ...  ah you might think again! I contacted Applebee's human resources and they were great. No complaints there urozdIsIzmQR-snDgDOqZg  the server ruined the entire experience. Chrystal was rude and inattentive. We sat for many minutes before she walked by and said (with a grown) ""I'll be with ya'll eventually."" After another 2-3 minutes she finally came to the table The drinks seemed ok as my daughter ordered four shots.  But I don't even recommend going to the bar.  The bartender stood there and picked her nose.  Then flicked.  Again The pasta at Applebee's are definitely not worth the $12 they charge. The portions are way too small and not good at all. Probably won't be visiting another apples bees again After leaving we all felt like puking..I would never go there again to eat.." DE_11y6_vCmPBlbeYskh-Q  but most are. Still if you are new you will be welcomed and offered a drink by one of the fun and friendly staff that everyone knows by name. During football season Sammy's is packed on Sundays and all year Friday and Saturday nights find the parking lot full. Sammy's reminds me of a dysfunctional family reunion  and free pool...what can be better than that? Not to mention the hottest bartenders around. Basically anything goes and is proclaimed to be the bar ""...where the rumors begin."" Even if you aren't the crazy nighttime party person  but fun if you go with a group.  They had live music last night - this unassuming little lady belting out some rock tunes (like Tom Petty) - you go girl!  The bartenders were busier than a one-legged man in a fanny-kicking contest I was very uncomfortable. Everyone there looks at you like your from another planet and looking for a fight. I just wanted to play pool and have a drink with my wife and the bartenders are not friendly at all. The regular customers do not like outsiders and let you know it.  Drinks are not made properly and the draft beer was warm. Won't ever go back there  play pool or wii...then this place will do. Especially if you live in Pineville....this is a good to spot to hang out and listen to music." Some complaint here about fight picking? Sounds like a personal issue. I'm new here and no issues." 52lYt28H6xXfNAlURIxf4A "I've been going to Sammys for quite some time now. Warning: it is a dive bar. There are a lot of regulars - mostly service industry people after a certain hour - as being in the industry myself. Drinks are strong  there is pool and a patio and always an interestingly mixed but friendly crowd. Bartenders Ashley and Kat and Fallon are my favorites." Niec place to get a pint or watch a game... there food is suprisingly good... they have some sort of brisket sliders that are freaking awesome... if you are in uptown and need a place to watch sports with good food this is it...  and you're never too far from a bar. They've also got pretty decent bar food. A few years ago a bunch of friends and I rented out the big room on the second floor  she finally came back but then ran off again before we could tell her we were ready to put in our food order. We were starving! We finally flagged here down and placed the order. Good thing we ordered when we did  and a good starting or ending point if you're bar-hopping uptown."  especially if you're there to watch a game. It always seems to be packed so there must be something that keeps bringing people back again & again. Check it out & you may actually like it better than me if you don't like the loud sports crowd but still want to watch the game." I give it an A-OK for a lunch time hangout but all around I'm pretty underwhelmed by it."  onions and bacon pieces. I added blackened chicken to that sucker and it was crucial. The service was good and our waitress was very knowledgeable."  you would enjoy this place..  It just isn't up my alley though.  I do have to say that it was clean and all of the employees know what they are doing though."  you want to play pool--come on down." "I had some friends in town from Chicago and they really wanted to find a bar to watch a Bears game. So we headed to Fox & Hound to check it out. My friend quickly dubbed the bar a ""Football Model UN"" because of the variety of football fans there. Fox & Hound probably had 10 games going in different areas of the bar I really like this place mostly because the Black Forest and the drink specials.  I usually have a good time here.  The other food isn't amazing  we wanted a more laid back atmosphere and walked over here.  I've been to Fox and Hounds all over the country so I knew what to expect.  Had the French Dip which was loaded and very good.  This is always a pretty reliable place for decent pub grub and a beer.  But All in all a decent place to hangout in Charlotte." -6JY1T0w4XETux5kGOj84g Not a good experience for us." But the food - no. I got the fish sandwich at the Huntersville location - poor choice. I got the chicken sandwch at the Tryon location - looked like it belonged on the kids menu; and it took 30 minutes Never been there at any other time than to watch sporting events I have had the wings here..blah and the veggies are gross with brown tips on the celery.  Yuck.  It is a huge space and has cool giant tvs so if I was just here to watch the game and drink it would be okey dokey.  There are a ton of places to watch the game though that have great food...sigh...."  negative review I have posted."  but girls abound.  Standard beers and drinks."  spacious...but a little lacking in character.  Seems like a great spot to watch a sporting event of some kind.  The guy girl ratio is way off - but there was also a UFC fight on that evening ($5 cover was charged due to the fight).  They had a nice area with pool tables but those were  Tuesday nights is $2.00 draft nights (mostly domestic labels only).  Also they have a rewards program here and it's called the All Star Brew Club I believe.  You earn points for the beer you buy and at certain thresholds you get things like  and they'll usually have all the important sporting events on We got into the city late and looked for a fast bite. Typical bar food and cheap beer. I had some 2 dollar drafts and had some nachos. The crowd got a bit rough later on through the night. It will officially be my pub when I am in Charlotte. Great for UFC fights. I ordered from the lunch menu - the beer battered chicken tenders with a side order of fries.  Food was quickly served FHofjlnlxqdvSSkQ6UkNZw Simply a bad experience. A group of us came to Charlotte from Cheyenne for a training course and wanted a good local place have dinner and drinks. The place wasn't busy at all and it took 20 minutes from the time we sat down to get out drink order taken and get our beverages. The food took way too long as well and was only lukewarm. I assure you I will not return to this establishment on this trip or any future trips.  but the apparent lack of cusomer service and quality control more than overshadowed his attempt to make things right. I refuse to EVER set foot in this sub-par establishment again."  but the service completely destroyed any possibility of a good experience." "Groupon has allowed me to try new restaurants in places I never knew existed.I Have been to uptown many times and never noticed Fox and Hound. That could also be Rock Bottom Brewery sits across the street and makes this place seem so much smaller. My visit was at 2pm and we experienced some difficulty with parking. It also is DNC week and parking is off limits except for a few places along the street. Luckily we found one after circling 4 times. We walked in and it was awkward. One of those moments that you see in movies where a bar is noisy everyone stops and stares then goes about their business. Normally this isn't an issue but when the waitress and bartender does this its....awkward. We found a booth and sat and waited to be greeted. We waited  sometimes the service can be bit slow. It's usually fine but it admittedly has a few more bad days than some other places. On the other hand they have pretty solid lunch specials  but allowed us to choose the TV they put the game on. We weren't too hungry so we ordered a few appetizers to split. They were ok. Nothing to get too excited about. Overall  I rarely see under 90.  I worked in the industry for a while and it must be  a gross kitchen if this is true.  I'm hoping that it was just a day inspection randomly showed up during a mass rush."  and I don't think I will be returning. Nothing stood out about this place with so many other great options just a block away."  I had the steak! It was cooked perfectly and had good seasoning and was juicy! Onion straws are a must try!  The service was fast and friendly! Oh and their food grade was a 97!" Trivia has moved to Monday!  but we were checked every 15-20 minutes which isn't fast but not slow either. And we were just enjoying the game. I like the mix of customers too. Young and old. and all different sports and teams. Really a cool place to watch games and THEY DO HAVE GOOD FOOD!"  my sandwich was soggy but the french fries were good. But you can go to Mc Donalds for good fries sooooo yeah. Don't bother." "We just received the worst service ever I will never come back. Its shocking that on wing special night it was merly 6 tables. One person actually went to the back to fix their own drinks. We had To ask for everything numerous of times. Service was very slow ass and the management was not customer friendly. I personally was not thinking to take pictures of all the screw ups due to all of the complaints the whole table was making. I hated to make so many complaints but I've never experienced such horrible service. It was awful We couldn't find any positive in it. As a matter of fact the waitress didn't even come back to pick up all the checks. It Was 7 of us and 6 ppl got their checks. We told the management We needed to pay another check and that We didn't know why the waitress would leave one out "Have you ever been to a sports bar where there is no games on? Enough said. If I must give you more reason why you can skip this place  when it's from a package? Why give french fries with most of them burned? Why not have a vegetarian burger in addition to all the artery clogging ones? The reason for the one star A sports bar is never going to be my first choice of where to grab a beer. But if it's sports you are looking for- check this place out. Just make sure the bartender knows what it is YOU want to watch. It's more fun that way!"  they should not be this bad....." vIXUw1cLG84-m8LzOg3f-w  service was pretty bad but more than anything I'm just mad at myself that I didn't do a bit more research. Definitely should have found a local lunch gem that would have satisfied my appetite and need for a great cultural experience. There's always next time."  the tea tasted like crap and the food took foreeeeever to come. The waitress shifted from friendly to rude and then back I was thinking about asking her if she had a evil twin sister or something." vIXUw1cLG84-m8LzOg3f-w My advice....avoid it and keep it movin!" The kicker: the sidewalk sign outside their door read ""Charlotte's Finest"" ... Methinks not."  and we haven't seen our waitress in 45 minutes (writing this review while waiting to ask for the check). I'll write another review tomorrow if I'm still here waiting."  it was St. Patricks day and the place was packed  beer so-so and food not up to par.  Sorry guys you really need to repair the beer machine and hire a cook." I guess if it's raining out and you are stuck and have no place to go I'd check it out. But under any other circumstances you'd probably get a better meal by walking a half block in any direction." "Good sports bar. Went here after the Bobcats game expecting it to be super packed like the other nearby bars  but you might expect somewhere between fast food and made to order here." We didn't eat but it seems to be typical bar-food. The atmosphere looks very corporate circa 90s ...if that makes any sense. I wouldn't run back anytime soon (not a very interesting unique bar) but at the time it fit the bill just fine."  not many people in the bar.  The reason I gave it two stars is due mainly that the food is horrible.  We ordered chicken wings and they were uneatable  I was yearning for the Hooter's across the street. Very dark  the chicken was cold. It tasted like it was refrigerated from days ago. The only thing I liked was their ranch sauce. The bar was noisy for only a few guys being there and there were TV's everywhere! It was kind of uncomfortable."  drinks came out pretty fast but that was it... waited about 15 minutes for the bartender to take our order which we cashed out and moved on to another place to eat. There were more employees in the restaurant than guests vIXUw1cLG84-m8LzOg3f-w Love all the options to catch the latest in sports entertainment!" Very quick to get drinks but 45+ wait for the food.  It was good and very tasty but good grief. They need to get it together. I'd eat there again if I needed a laugh." Pretty girl who can't do much..serving you bad food!" "As a dive bar this might work... as a restaurant it is a total loss. The food is far below pub grub standards and their audacity to claim ""The Best Burger in Charlotte"" is simply ridiculous. The service and food quality are non-existent. This place only exists because of its prime downtown location."  and value for the food.  I have been going there since 1995 and though it has changed hands  talk to the new owner- she is also from Michigan and said she bought the place a while ago. I'm sure she is the reason Phil's is turning around! Since I am new to Charlotte I have only experienced the really  this place has new ownership and is pretty damn good." came in here and sat at the bar only because they had open spots during panthers playoff weekend.   Never thought i would be doing panther shots in a deli.  But it served its purpose.  We didnt eat but bartenders were nice enough.  Drinks are a little pricey for plastic cups. "This was stop #4 on our night uptown downtown.  I paid $8 for small plastic cups of John Daly which is ridiculous.  However A solid lunch choice."  try the Buffalo shrimp! I've had the burgers as well and they are fantastic! I have heard the Reuben is outstanding as well. Definitely a great little neighborhood bar that you cannot find anywhere else in the uptown area." "Used to stop by on the way to the epicentre for the best djs in Charlotte. Awful music now.. Beer in plastic cups was always gross Nice sports bar... not all of the seats allow good angles of the game but it still not a bad place to watch a game... the food is desent... i would stick to the fried stuff and bar food... they have good drink specials and alot of TVs...  Had a few too many wasted nights in this place... "After work place for a beer (decent number of drafts) and some bar grub.  Had some fairly decent Mahi tacos.  Service was good  but that can be okay too.  They do a pretty good job of keeping the Golden Tee game up to date which is nice." We ate at the bar and the service was great. When we first sat down I realized that I left my ID in our apartment and I (understandably) couldn't be served. The bartender was very apologetic  to the abundance of good viewing angles & tvs. The atmosphere is pretty live during the nightlife  stop by on  a Tuesday to watch whatever game is on. After a few beers  so it's a good place to start or finish a night of moving from bar to bar. They serve food until late-night When Im in the mood for bar food I pop in for a beer and their buffalo chicken wrap and pretty decent chili Yum!  They also do full menu takeout for when you don't feel like the bar scene...  the huge fan above helps cut the smoke down dramatically.  You can't escape the smoke all together probably  the bar was great!  Had a buffalo chicken wrap and quite a few Fat Tire drafts and I had a really great time.  The staff was attentive and helpful t5l-H2KdY4MQgLDMENz9WQ  nothing wrong with coming here on a Sunday to catch all the games.  Plus Just wish they had more people going in and out This is a decent chain bar that almost feels like a local."  tons of tv's and a huge bar.  Would visit again!" This place is a win if you go on the right day. The food isn't phenomenal "Ugh! The worst food ever. Who serves a shrimp taco with cheese? There was no mention of cheese on the menu for the meal. The ""Manager"" was unwilling to comp my meal...they took a measly $3 off. The waitress asked what ""side"" i wanted and i chose a salad...we were charged for the side when my meal ""came with a side"". Plus they didn't have the correct vodka for a drink listed on their drink list and they charged us for the more expensive substitute! Hands down  but the pizza took an awful long time to come out. We must have waited for about 30 minutes before the food finally came to our table. But once it came Bonus: they have a TON of good beer on draft. It's probably about 20-25 beers on tap and they change quite often. If you catch them on a special draft night then SCORE if you're a beer lover!! They also have a fun little patio and it's prime location for people watching too." Overall not a bad experience. Not the type of place I'd plan to go but if my friends And I don't have an issue with any of that." "Stool Pigeons is the definition of a mediocre sports bar. It's a bit dirty  most of that stuff was the kitchen. Should always tip cause they don't really get paid by the restaurant."  radio friendly songs you've heard a million times and they let anyone in.  That's both a blessing and a curse depending on how you look at it."  & you'll be around people thoroughly enjoying themselves...and sloshing drinks on the dance floor."  go on a Wednesday night and watch dozens of people vie for prizes in the cornhole tournament. That's pretty entertaining."  but it's generally a good time if you're looking to really tie one on with friends." Also...do not wear open-toed shoes here.  The floors are atrocious...flooded with beer and piss and what-have-you and tainted with every communicable disease on the block.  That may be an exaggeration  like Cans and a few other places around Charlotte. Since they are catering to the young-and-horny crowd I would definitely put Buckhead on the itinerary for any crazy night in Charlotte."  get rid of the peanuts." I wasn't terribly impressed by the music but then again I rarely listen to the radio anymore. Anyhow! Huge space  etc). I think what impressed me the most this night was the upgrade in the music selection. They went way beyond the typical top 40 that they usually play when the live band isn't performing. The DJ kinda sucked though....he was mixing in other songs halfway through songs that just didn't blend in well  otherwise I can't control who would know about it. The ""manager"" came over and basically called me a liar and kept trying to shake my hand for some reason. Some fat girl (who coincidentally muttered the ""n"" word) was hi-fiving the manager and had informed him that I was just trying to scam the bar  but you have to be sure to get there before it runs out. Definitely a JWU hangout on Thursdays. Also a great place to head after alive after five" They validate parking! Cheap beer! Free parking uptown is worth a small sacrifice. After one drink and the ticket validation "Perfectly fine bar located uptown amongst some other more upscale places.  I can't really find bad things to say about the place as I've only visited a handful of times and each time has been fun and service at the bar Always a good time - if there aren't a lot of people the place could be sort of boring but always a good drink special nontheless.  head to Dixie's Tavern & you'll have a good time without breaking bank." XeFNQqz5vVsVIcTjNuXcTw  and the proximity to other uptown hot spots makes it an inevitable landing strip for at least a few minutes on nights out in the area."  Dixie's may seem like a cool hangout place.  If you're anything else  and a huge bell where they ring if they're tipped.  At least back then it was like that.  Pretty cool venue to start out from if you're going on a night on the town with some friends." Overall I'd say it's a decent place to get drinks... also to meet people because it is a stand alone building that you can easily find without too much trouble.  I've had food here before and it's y our typical bar food - but good.  The wait staff have always been nice and the bartenders do what they can with the crowds." "Good prices on draft beer! Thats all I care about to be honest. Oh It reminded me of the dirty restroom at the gas station on HWY 40 driving through Texas. Dirty and nasty. Their monster margaritas are delicious! The service is decent. Gets a little too crowded at times. "I am not a huge fan of Dixie's but on occasion with a group of friends  pretty decent crowd and good drinks although music selection is pretty suspect.  Definitely worth a stop if partying in Charlotte."  and the place smells like a dirty ashtray.  the waitresses were very rude and didnt care about your orders. I was hoping for a better experience but oh we'll.... That's why I have found a much better place to watch all the games." "Dixies is truly a fun place. BUT def a different mix on weeknights versus weekdays.. AND both have been busy. Monday ... decent crowd.. fun feel...mixed music and karaoke.. GREAT bartenders... Saturday night... Douche bag guys shotgunning cheap beer and Jager.. I mean.... really? No worries.. but don't do it over our table... and IF you do and WE ask U Mr. Security MAN... to remove the guy from the area of which he dances upon.. SPILLS his Jager all over my date... and TRIES everything to start a fight... GET him out of here... JUST move him... BAD BAD... Its' a huge place.. just move the guy and his friends.. So shady on the bouncers... SO good are the bartenders... Just def a different vibe  Went accross the street to the Queen City BBQ and had a very nice lunch."  and I don't mean it in a bad way. It's a pretty fun spot. The outside patio-ish area is probably the real positive to the joint and the beers cheap too." "Well the outdoor patio is nice. I've sat here a lot over the last few days. I'm currently doing guard duty for a movie production that rented Dixie's lot. The sun was pounding down at 11:30am. I decided to take my lunch early. The cowboy burger was recommended by Rachel. It sounded like an avalanche of meat followed by a heart attack. The reality was that it was just perfect for lunch. I had a sweet tea to drink.         Rick  even though it's pretty small." Just not my kind of place. There really wasn't anything in particular that stood out that was horrible. It lends itself to a younger crowd.  It never seems that clean. It has decent drink specials. During large events it will become incredibly packed.  so you wont have much of an issue trekking home."  no price listed on their specialty drinks.  Imagine our surprise when the bill came.  17 bucks for one rum drink.  Waitress gave a feeble excuse about there being four different kinds of rum in it as if that justifies the cost.  Food was average.  No reason to go to this place  and then decided to stop by to have the issue addressed. I asked politely at the bar for a manager to the same bartender who tipped himself 100%+ tip and was told he was a manager. I explained the issue and asked for a refund. I was told that he could not fix the issue then and to come back at another time in a manner that was anything but acceptable hospitality and customer service. I then asked for the card or contact information of the General Manager to which I was told that I couldn't have. What?! I immediately left  slow bar-tending...typical NY college town stuff.  We also discovered that we were there the LAST NIGHT they were open.  I guess they've closed and I have no idea what's there now.   That really is unfortunate because we did have a serious amount of fun at a pretty low-key place.  I guess we are getting old.  Thanks for the fun Dixie's "I can't believe no one has reviewed this place! Given its location in the middle of a residential area  sports page. Let's go. Meet you at 4:30." I would recommend it to friends. Relaxed atmosphere and affordable!" I have been here many times over the years and everyone is friendly and the food is always tasty. The ribeye steak sandwich is my favorite. "Sports Page is a West side classic. I have been eating there for many years. Way back when they were still in the original location at 16 and Hoskins. Anyway  she ignored me...acted like i wasnt even there...i just laid the receipt on the table with the cash and left. what a crappy restaurant...the food was mediocre at best... my boyfriends burger looked good but wasnt that great...by the way... and if i wanted to complain to a manager or something i figured there was no point...i just let it go and will never be darkening their doorstep ever again..."  but I've not been there for either of those on any occasion I've been.  They have some very affordable options Sports Page used to be a fun spot & I've been going for nearly 10 years. I just recently moved to the area but used to travel to Charlotte to meet with friends & we would always meet there. The last 3 times I've went is was drastically worse. The bartender ignored us (each time)...It seemed like a bar where only locals are welcome. The food has gone downhill as well. I couldn't even finish the nachos...mostly because I had no drink to wash it down. They still have potential but I doubt I'll be returning.  and if you want to watch a game with your buds I'd say the bar would be a solid choice also." "I went to this location as part of a large party during the Highland Games nearby.  Things started well as we went through ordering.  It was the food.  Both the delivery and quality.  One thing at a time.  The delivery was tragic.  There were three in our party that waited for nearly 90 minutes.  Yes.  90 minutes.  The only story was that they were working on it.  Finally the manager came out yi6OvInwsGZ6CO0ToFGOHw  and just a great place to stop for lunch. Don't expect gourmet but instead expect a good bang for the buck place to stop for lunch. I have yet to have a bad item off the menu and make an effort to order something different every time. The steak sandwich is awesome !"  not too many other options in the area if this is what you are looking for."  efficient staff.  I know it's a sports bar but they have a great southern vegetables lineup on the menu.  I especially like their tacos and wings.  Kids eat free on Monday's and Tuesday's."  so it's a nice spot to go later in the evening for a chill night.  With all of the TVs and sports paraphernalia it  seems like it'd be a great spot to watch a game  and it is sort of a family hangout during the day.  It is a nice place to take your kids to after a soccer game (if you have the dough).  At night it turns into a somewhat younger crowd  sized just right with something for everyone.  I typically go for their burgers which are delish."  but I don't yearn to go there every week." Good beer selection. Service sucks. Nice atmosphere in the bar area.  I haven't really done sit down service in the restaurant part.  Nice place to have a beer and watch a game.  Decent food.  Usually mostly men in there.  Have outdoor seating also.  One of my favorite places. I definitely recommend the Chicken Salad Plate....  good portioned salad and seasoned chicken salad also comes with a side fruit plate that was good."  but most sport bars have that trend.  When I don't want to make the trip down to the Philosopher's stone I am forced to come here.  I've seen worse  2011"". My friend's beer had a due date of November 8. I returned my beer and ordered a draft. The waiter did discount my order  they also have live music on occasion.  The overall atmosphere is comfy and laid back but I think a little nicer than many sports bars." Have been here a few times and its always good . Reasonable prices and good service ."  and a baked potato.  The break gets a little soggy so you may have to ""Fork n Knife"" it but its only because the chicken is very juicy!  The baked potato is delicious and comes with a salted skin which goes great with a side of sour cream.  Beer Alcohol can get pricey here if its not on special r-pBY6vR_Iu5XhPRvPnquw Friendly service but forgetful. Overall good experience."  nice tv's to see sports."  I've gone there the past 2 years on Mother's day.  There is something for everyone Excellent service and the food was slightly above average for this type of restaurant.  As it is close to home  then placed on the grill AFTER being tossed in whatever sauce you want...all in order to give a delicious char on each wing.  I usually get the Tavern Chips to go with them.  Awesome!" Stopped here after dinner for desert. Had the brownie sundae. Brownie was warm and chocolate sauce was sweet but not syrupy. Waitress was courteous and efficient. The continued mistake has prevented me from calling these guys for the past couple of weeks but tonight I really wanted one of those salads and decided to give it a shot.  Friday night  probably in a microwave.  The server was nice and friendly but would not come around all that often.  I use to be a server.  She could have turned our table very fast.  Any parent with little ones would want and expect that.  My husband did not care for his meal either.  He got buffalo tacos and the tortilla's were not even warm."  hot and delicious.  It was only two of us but they gave us a booth for ten...Tiffany was awesome and very accommodating.  Great place to sit and talk with an old friend.." "So bad compelled me to download yelp app and write review. Went for lunch with family (wife and 3 young boys). We've learned to not be picky as our crew can be a little rambunctious. First off in an empty restaurant we were seated directly next to the kitchen in out door. Next the waitress spilled water on my wife and table. Then when asked what the specials were I was told ""um It's a hit or miss here depending upon what stuck up college kid you get serving you. Had lunch here. Quesadilla for me and a burger for my husband. Waitress Danyelle was very friendly.  Food was good. We would definitely stop here again.  and food.  My favorite place to take my family!" All Hickory Taverns are awesome!  We love the food. Everything is so good. Can't go wrong with anything you order and the beer selection is awesome." "Always a good go to restaurant when you don't know exactly what you want. Great beers on tap and good bar food Nice atmosphere. Thurs night oyster and shrimp specials were delicious. Best hamburger my husband ever had.  when it would have been very easy to put 3 tables for 4 together that had been empty the whole time.  There were waitresses everywhere Good food and good service!!! Can't ask for much more!'  It's a great place to go when you don't know what you're in the mood for.  Chicken wings are amazing and so is the Colorado Chicken!!! I am from MI and will come here while visiting my brother to watch football and hockey" I will say one thing. This is a bar so stick with bar foods!"  hopefully dinner service is just as good." Ps - hiring high school aged girls as ""hostesses"" is almost creepy. Then again - the place IS creepy."  constantly hover all over the place. It's creepy. Heaven forbid you ask them to change a TV to an ACC team during March Madness. You will get an excuse like ""there's a guy here who wants to watch golf or ESPN commentary  made our experience that much better. Will definitely be back."  tasty food. Friendly wait staff and hostesses. Definitely recommend."  with our server walking by just enough to make sure we didn't need anything."  and macaroni and cheese. The fish was ok but the mac and cheese was warm on top and cold in the center. The chicken & rice soup was pretty bland. A friend of mine had a Philly cheesesteak that used GROUND BEEF. This place may be a great venue for watching sports and drinking beer  balls are shiny and nick free.  Plenty of TVs to keep up with NFL Sunday games.  Food is a bit over priced and nothing to write home about.  Service is good  a great hangout place.. especially when everything else closes at 9." PS their chicken fingers were really tender and juicy tho.... O_O"  but it's a nice spot to watch a special sports event or share a few drinks as there isn't a plethora of bar options in the Ballantyne area. I'm giving it 3 stars because I wasn't wowed or found myself clamoring to come back." "Take the kids in the day for free pool. The waitstaff is always friendly and attentive.  The food is pricey for bar food "Fun place to hangout Sunday night. Pool Bailey's is a great place to hangout and play some pool and have some great pub food.  beer and food. Nice combo!" This is a sorority ran facility. I was uncomfortable the majority of the time I was there. Lots of pool tables is nice. The clientele is all male and I'm not surprised with the staff they have. I will not go back to this Baileys Fox and the Hound. "After playing the ""I don't know what I want for dinner what do you want"" game with my friends we decided to visit Bailey's Sports Grille. We were excited that we could get some good food and play some pool "I usually hit this place on Mondays for their lunch special.  The burger and fries are some of the best I've ever had but the wait is what kills it.  I've never been in there and gotten my food in less than 45 minutes  but this is just the worst ever." If your young and live in the Ballantyne Pineville area this is a great spot! I reccomend Sunday Funday (a collaboration of karaoke beer pong pool darts and great drink specials).  The staff is why I come back! (Jillian Melissa Lindsay  Colleen and many more) The staff is friendly and personable.  It's honestly the Cheers bar of Charlotte. Super laid back and safe! "Absolutely the worst bar I've been to . After about 5 drinks I realized they purposely made their drinks extremely weak. I spent so much money and barely got tipsy. I told the bartender I was disappointed with my drinks and she literally screamed at me as I walked out of the door ( I still left her a good tip!) I will never ever go there again. Trashy I like the good experiences I have had at Baileys.  If they could fix and maintain the restroom and improve wait staff service they'd have a consistent 4 Star place on their hands."  I just wasn't in the mood. As I was leaving the staff was kind enough to insult me with saying what kind of a person was I that I couldn't afford the membership. Well with attitude like that I won't ever consider spending my money here again. If the owners let the staff get away with this level of service then I suspect everything else is being neglected. I suggest you visit another bar before considering this place. There's plenty other spots with a lot friendlier staff in Charlotte." Will not be returning."  I saw the manager on my way back to the front of the restaurant. I stopped and asked her if she was the manager. She was in the process of asking the cook to make her food stating. ""You know I'm a good person ill pay you back."" Also at this point the employee who had left is now standing there and so is the bartender. I asked to speak with her and ask her if this was normal practice for your bartender to say to a guest who has never been to the establishment before (or even someone that knew the employee) has to pay for an employees drink who walked out on there tab. After I said that I had never visited the establishment before the bartender who is standing to the side says ""YES YOU HAVE"" and I again told her that I had not at which point she has thrown her arms in the air and storms away. At that same time the cook who the manager was just bribing sticks his head out of a service window and says (he also sounded intoxicated) ""I've heard him being very disrespectful the entire time"". Now don't get me wrong I was not very pleased that we were forced to stay there while the bartender withheld my friends credit card There's plenty of tv's if you're there for a sporting event and pool tables and dart boards in the back. They've got plenty of parking and daily drink specials so if all that sounds good to you then this is definitely the place to be!" "WEAK drinks. Emphasis on the ""WEAK."" And rude staff. Will not return. Their bitchy bartenders even yelled at my friend as we were walking out because he had told them the drinks were weak. Really? No class at this place." Our waitress was working with our table and lots of separate tabs but when she would bring someone a drink she wouldn't think to ask if anyone needed anything. She did a great job other than that because we sat at a table  Bailey's recently underwent a change of management due to the former one getting transferred. Things sure went downhill after that! They are simply trying WAY too hard to lure in customers now. DJs  but the entire 3 hours I was there no one came in to fix it. On occasions separate from that incident it was still pretty grody." "Always a fun time! Fox show every game Tuesday's and Wednesday are good along with Friday. Pub food at its best. Drink specials every day. If your in Pineville well yu should make it your stop on the way home."  amazing drinks and u can't go wrong with free pool if you spend $15 or more. Service was attentive will come back in the future." "Bailey's is now Fox and Hound. Don't expect much of a change. The bathrooms are still disgusting. The interior was updated and looks a little cleaner but it's nothing special. The drinks are so weak it's appalling.  Here's why I am really unimpressed... came here on a Friday night for a friend's birthday.  Arrived slightly before 10pm. It wasn't overly crowded Best place in Pineville. Great food drinks with daily specials. The bartenders and servers are the best. Luv it here. "This is now a fox and hound but really just a name change everything else is the same. It was empty in there but service was still a little slow. I got the naked tenders and a side salad. My girlfriend got a burger and fries. After a lengthy wait our food came out and mine was all wrong. The gave me fried tenders and fries oops! I said no fries and naked tenders means grilled. Back they go and after another lengthy wait I get the tenders with more fries no biggie. My side salad had a half frozen tomato and the Italian dressing looked like a giant snot ball(yummy) the tenders were ok and the buffalo sauce tasted great but very spicy. My girlfriend said the burger was just ok and the Parmesan fries not very good. When getting the check of course it was wrong luckily I have multiple methods of payment but this server just lacked tact or sensitivity."  it was very casual and familiar.  The food was actually better that I expected.  They had a create your own burger thing which I really enjoyed. The service was good.  The waitress was friendly and took good care of us.  Overall it was good  it can be a blast.  They have enough space to accommodate large crowds and college kids aren't as picky as a thirtysomething like myself.  I know I wasn't!"  and ping pong out front when weather permits." I'd suggest heading across the parking lot to Flying Saucer." "I disagree 100% with Devin.  The saucer is much more chill and seems to be less crowded.  More of a college meat market crowd  and the bouncers are just generally bitchy. Swimming in a sea of college kids is not my favorite recreation  there is sufficient seating away from the bar for non-barflies who want to have a conversation.  I would even wager that the new non-smoking laws have made these sports bars downright pleasant!  Oh yeah  Flying Saucer is right around the corner and MUCH better. Go there instead. Seriously." RfoHE-ChOZ3kohOS7goUpw I believe this location has closed and should be removed as a listing  the best sportsbar in CLT. They really know how to take care of their loyal patrons. If there is a particular game of interest on TV somewhere in the world I have this place on my Top 3 list for wings. They are the perfect standard wing if your looking for consistency they win all the time. I haven't been in a while but I'm sure when I do they will be spot on as usual. Always a great bartender at this place as well.  hands down the best wings in Charlotte. Reasonable beer prices Home of the Charlotte 49ers and they have beer.  That is all you need. They have a hugh projection screen TV and all the requisite HD Plasamas"  we didn't eat any food so I may come back here to try that out - maybe not on a football night.  There are plenty of screens and TVs all around the Bar and dining area so everyone had a decent view of the screens - I could see it as a fun place to go and watch games.  I think my friends and I just wanted to check in on the score  seating and games. The drinks are inexpensive and the food looked good. My only complaint is that they didn't have the UFC fight on there. Had to walk to Buffalo Wild Wings"  American sports-bar.  Good food  great atmosphere. I had their buffalo shrimp and it was amazing. They claim to have the meatiest wings A true sports bar with plenty of character; I would recommend this place to anyone.  and banging wings!  What else could you want."  and get ready for the bartenders to know your name and your drink the next time you come in." Great place to hang out and have a few brews and a bite while watching a game.   I'll be back very soon." "THE BEST WINGS IN THE QC!!! My friends ad I joke about how perfect they are...but seriously. How do they get them so perfect? EVERYTIME! Perfect amount of sauce Been here to watch some Phillies games before and even though the bartender was a Yankees fan "Had the calzone Saturday. REALLY good. As usual  I would give Picasso's about 3.5 stars." "This is a great spot for local UNCC students or a nice place to go and hang out with friends or your significant other.  It is a great place to watch whatever game you want because they have tons of TVs as well as the largest projection TV I have seen thus far in Charlotte.  I have only tried the wings and the pizza and they are definitely on point.  The pizza is oven baked  this was a little strange to me. None the less we found seats close to the big screen. It seems like there's thousands of tv's in this place! I think there were only two servers working that day. But they had it all under control. It's kind of a do as you please atmosphere. Everyone had on a jersey representing their team Thank you for a great football Sunday."  instead they are more on the spicer side. The bf had Hot Garlic. They too were on the spicer side instead of really tasting the garlic. All in all the wings were still good and now you can get a basket which comes with six wings and a nice size helping of French Fries for $7.99. Before you would have had to add a side of fries. They also have really good drink specials: $2.50 draft beers and $9.00 pitchers. The appetizers of my choice is the Spinach Artichoke Dip and the Pepperoni Pizza Rolls...I wouldn't recommend the  Fried Jalapeo  b c when I had them they were kinda mushy and I actually prefer them with cream cheese instead of a nacho cheese filling. Looking for a place with great wings and specials on drinks then head over here...also a great place for sport fan fanatics!"  and average flavors. At least the service was good!" Great Wings and Great Screens!! Great place to watch a game or just grab a good bite to eat. The prices are reasonable and the amount of food you get for the price is pretty good. I would suggest the wings and the cheese fries...the fries were rather awesome. It's really a place to watch sports have drinks. That's it didn't like the food there. It's probably cause its just meant for sports and drinks. Since I'm not a fan of either its definitely the wrong place for me. But for those who like drinks and sports this would be your spot!  drink specials can be somewhat lacking as well. Food is usually pretty good. Nachos are awesome. Wings are great. The pizza is always good too. The lunch buffet isn't a bad deal. Lots of TVs and a nice outdoor area." Btdubbs. This is my virgin yelp." 3xdV-7di_YD3MVqs3Pa7-g Will definitely be back!  :-D" "I'm new to the area and was lucky enough to have this bar across the street from my long stay at the Marriott. Now that I have moved I still come back because the service is outstanding and the pizza is wonderful. If you are looking for a sports bar The food was delicious and the people were very friendly.  and great atmosphere. The pepperoni rolls are a must try! Good place to watch a game Had the wings. I was underwhelmed. Service was friendly. Trivia nights on Tuesdays - music   microphone too loud. "Awesome brick oven pizza PK6NLcIc39Kujhi1OVlCIg  I don't work here but I am a fan of the joint.."  I'd give Picasso's 3 stars. Since this place is a SPORTS BAR Food was great.  Hot fresh loved it!  Great beer selection.  Older white bar tender with glasses has a very crass vocabulary.  Will go back when he is not there. Other bartender was awesome.  great great potential for this bar. I look forward to returning when school begins." "They've got plenty of screens and channels to get whatever event you wanna watch. Food is solid pub grub and they're quick about it. Friendly staff I went to Picasso yesterday as a single lady just to get a drink & some food. The service is terrible! This is my second time going. Every time I go the lady behind the bar looks like her dog just died. It took forever for them to come to me. I didn't get one smile from either bartender. The roll I had was good. But I can find good food elsewhere I prefer good service!  not a corporate sports bar. The bartenders are entertaining and good at what they do.  Have tried multiple things on the menu and have been more than satisfied. I love supporting local businesses"  but I literally ordered a burger on a piece of bread and chips (patty melt). When it came out it was missing cheese and had 1 onion slice. The bread was untoasted and unbuttered and unsatisfying. The burger was well-to-burnt "This place has the best chicken wings in town. Hands down. Also the homemade potato chips are a must for when you come to watch whatever game you want. One of the waitresses The only improvement needed is the bathrooms!" All in all it was exactly what we were looking for. We will definitely be going back again soon!"  we left. Seriously? You'll buss a table right in front of us but completely ignore customers. Un-flipping-believable."  not many crafted beer. Had a wonderful night here for the NCAA final four night. Go Devil!" Ashley was friendly & checked on her customers fluidly. I grabbed a couple of beers & a quick convo while I waited on some calzones (yum!!!) to go. Great way to start my weekend!!! Nice place food I'm not so sure of  I ordered the philly cheese steak  over cooked dry cheese steak I practically didn't even see any cheese in it and the bread was microwaved then put on the grill boi do I hate that but a redemption moment for them would be the burgers two people ordered burgers and by the looks of those burgers that's what I should've ate  but not awful. I'll give it three out of five potty points." "If your looking for a place to watch a game or just to have a few beers and dont have to deal with the downtown traffic Picasso's is the spot the have amazing food and cold beer on the tap "I have been a customer of Picasso's since moving to Charlotte in 2009.  I was looking for an after work place to eat wings and have a drink where I felt as at home as I did in Greensboro.  I absolutely found it here !  The staff is very friendly Oh and they have poker tables for hold em if that's your thing. Friendly staff cheap drinks trivia large TV's at the bar. It was inviting from the time we walked in the door." "Awesome wings!!!!  Not the best customer service Pizza is good too! Try the Masterpiece!" "Went for first time today to watch football. Plenty of tv's. Good burger  LOTS of tvs for sporting events including a very large projector screen for main events. Bartenders are friendly and attentive and do a great job. This place is highly suggested!" Great services and Good comfort food Highly recommended went with kids and enjoyed our stay!!!  I don't drink. I went to check out the loudness which was only loud during touchdown and it was college bowl games. Very nice customers and they were some of the regular crowd so they seemed to genuinely care about the manager and the waitress and each other. There were two families with young children sitting down on the bottom area and one couple had a baby and seems like the crowd got a little quieter. But still there were touchdowns! Overall enjoyed the food and the atmosphere." Spent my college days going to this place all the time. Always a fun environment and the staff is always great. Wings are excellent. Intimate seating with multiple entrances. Service was good and the meal was fantastic. Bacon cheese burger and fries made to order. Wish they had better drink specials for liquor.  our server as well as several of the other staff checked on us several times. Food came out in a timely manner. Had the creeper wings" I came here a couple of times since it was right up the road from where I was staying. Amazing staff and the food is very good. I have enjoyed myself each time I came here. Definitely will be back when I am in this area again. Such a friendly place and staff made me feel like I was very welcomed each time. Keep up the great work and great food. Thank you  that 80's music was extremely tame and innocent compared to the tripe on the radio today. Where's the ""Walking on Sunshine""? Where's the ""Faith"" (not  Limp Bizkit style)? Where's Elizabeth Shue and her ""Cruel Summer""? Where's the ""Billie Jean"" for cryin out loud (actually Decent beer options and the buffalo chicken roll was very tasty! We went on a slow day to try somewhere new and would probably go often if it were walking distance.  I guess when I go out I expect more. Geez. Don't serve that.  Use some real cheese and bake those nachos. That was bad. When you order nachos and they come out in 30 seconds they are never good. That theory proved to be true tonight. Bar staff were awesome. Beer prices good too. But. After that mess I only stayed for one beer." "I've been to this place several times and have never been disappointed. Their wings are always good and crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The Honey Chipotle are the best!  Their pepperoni pizza roll is a must! The service at this place is top notch! Even during big games when they're crowded the servers seem to be very attentive. Although it's not the biggest place Would highly recommend especially for late night dinners."  good crowd and the food was GREAT!  We had the chicken parm roll. Dough was excellent and the portion was just right. Nice introduction to the Charlotte area!"  and the drinks and drink specials were good too. They had $5 house liquors and $2 natty bottles. Tons of TVs so I imagine it would be great for watching a game. I had a pizza that was to die for. The people are so friendly and I can't wait to go back!"  and aside from the aforementioned incident I haven't had a major problem with quality.  There's a foosball table near the door where I once schooled a plastered townie five games in a row before hubris got the better of me and I was resounding beaten by his girlfriend.  There are outdoor volleyball courts and leagues during the summer.  I'm sure that if I lived near this place I'd probably find it a nice local hangout.  But I don't  and the service is often inexplicably slow. There is one server who is really on her game- Callie  bad service.  The only thing keeping this place in business is their awesome volleyball set up.  Place is trashy... so is the guy whose family owns the place.  If he isn't trashed and offending customers "this place is truly awful. the sole reason I come here is to play volleyball... their outdoor sand courts are the only saving grace. they have a terrible beer selection and the majority of their patrons are complete douchebags (read: fat  Greek burger would have been ok...but who the heck puts olives WITH pits on a burger???  The server happened to check on us right after the pit was bit into and when my friend mentioned to the server that he was just trying to figure out if he cracked a tooth from the pits...she laughed and went ""yeah"".  The potato skins were so dried out they were mostly inedible.  The fries never saw a grain of salt...or any seasoning for that matter.  Our server was nice but kept forgetting about us or had way too many tables.  We waited forever for food because ""the kitchen was backed up"" but the place wasn't even full.  Had to get our own silverware "This is one of my traditional stops when departing from Dane County airport. Food is average. A decent tenderloin steak sandwich would have been greatly improved with a ""bun upgrade"" from a basic hamburger bun to something ""hard rolly or French"". Service on the other hand by Todd was again good  It's definitely a place you go for typical bar food. A little greasy The food was standard bar food.  The chicken nachos were ho-hum.  The sandwiches were tasty." Purchased a groupon for this place.  The service was excellent and the deluxe prime rib sandwich and the chipolte burger were fantastic.  You can bet we will visit again wifalsethout They do a good turkey club I will say that much. Hit the spot for me and I am a picky sandwich guy. The salad bar is not half bad either for just $3 more. Great spot to grab a lunch on the east side for cheap or catch the game I am sure based on the looks of the place. I'd visit more often but being here in San Diego might make that a bit tough.... Clientele are old rigid couples not a very inviting atmosphere food and drink are mediocre. We went here to be able to watch the Bears game and the Packers game one sunday. They found us a seat and made sure we could see both games. The food was decent and the service was ok. It is a good place to go if you want to watch multiple games at once. I wouldn't go there all the time and it won't become my favorite hangout but I'd go back.  screwed up pizza order. Guests from out of town were not happy with anything that transpired"  so it was even on the amount of nachos. (Don't you hate it when you get more nachos than meat and toppings?)"  and a raspberry dressing that is to DIE FOR! They also have an amazing turkey melt. I felt like the service was great and everything was fresh. I have only eaten there during the lunch hour Summer volleyball is great here. Good atmosphere awesome staff. Food and drinks are a little pricey but still delicious. Fun place to relax with friends. "Ate there one time.  If you ask me 20 years from now how many times I've eaten there I guarantee the answer will still be one.  Biggest waste of $28 I've ever spent.  McDonald's next door "Went here for my girls 40th bday.. it was us 4 plus 3 other ppl the entire Friday night. Plus side to it being VERY dead is the Dj played almost all the songs we requested and we were able to dance the night away peacefully !! The bartender was great and hooked us up with lots and lots of olives  and chicken wings for appetizers. All of them came out hot and super crispy and just darn good greasy delicious. I ordered the reubin sandwich  and the food is decent. Want a burger and a beer? You can do much worse than Wilsons. New to Madison and want to catch your favorite team's games? NFL Sunday ticket Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review  although you're basically only going to get something deep fried or grilled up.  Stick with the burger or grab the fish fry... the wings suck  the city's greatest Friday night fish fry. Just don't tell anyone. A lot of people have caught on and Randy raised the prices lately! Albeit only slightly. If Mack is working behind the bar order a ""Mackdriver"" and say goodnight. Yes Super nice people and great food!  If you like huge burritos they have one for you!  Comfort food specials during the week.  Hard not to like Wilsons."  you can get a good bloody mary or just a screw drive with your breakfast.   Tons of great TVs."  big breakfast at a fair price that will definitely help you get over the wreckage from the previous evening.   If Mack is working behind the bar order a ""Mackdriver"".  There truly are TVs everywhere including the restrooms and outdoor smoking area.  This is a great place to watch Packer Badger  Brewer games...but get there early because it fills up and it's sometimes difficult to get a ""ringside"" seat." "Poor food handling practices!!! I was really excited to try this place as the reviews were excellent. Major disappointment! We arrived just before noon and the place was really busy. They were still serving breakfast but we were interested in lunch. We asked our server to see what the lunch menu to see all our options and she seemed annoyed. We ordered a couple of beers and they were prompt but not really cold. While we waited about 30 minutes in order to be able to order lunch  and more.  Food is good - I've had a few ""ok"" meals (that's the only reason I'm giving this place a 4)." "I went to their Friday fish fry with family.  The fish was wonderful and reasonably priced.  The service however was very slow.  It took over an hour from the time we arrived to get our food.  The fish was the best part with fresh cod deep fried.  The fries and roll were nothing special This is not a fine dining experience.  It is simply the best sports bar in Madison without driving to one of the malls." Bloodies and drinks are good and the prices are right. If your looking for a fancy spot this is not it. If your trying to test out a relationship to see if your potential new girlfriend can hang out at local neighborhood bars They have a good selection of beer on tap and in bottles. The bar tenders are always helpful and the prices are extremely reasonable." Horrible service the guy who took our order was an older bigger guy don't know his name but he was extremely rude and the food wasn't really that good. And the guy sets a dirty plate in front of us and leaves it there Avoid this place if possible there are plenty other bars to choose from. I will never be back Fingers crossed the fresh air sticks around as it makes for a much better experience!" Pro tip: if you're going to watch a highly anticipated Wisconsin sporting event Great neighborhood sports bar with lots of TVs tuned to every possible sporting event. Good selection of draft and bottled beers. The Friday Fish Fry and Saturday Prime Rib are really excellent and at a good price. Pool tables too.  and on this particular occasion a strange man two tables down and across the aisle staring at me and not his dining companion "It's an Applebee's...what do you expect?  Every Applebee's I've ever been to has sticky tables...must be something in how they are made or cleaned.  The shot glass desserts aren't bad The fries are so overly seasoned they are almost impossible to eat without a huge glass of water.  Don't go there." This needs no explanation. Service has always been excellent. usually i go there just by myself but sever always pays a lot of attention to me. I am not a big fan of their steaks - i think they are not tender enough and a bit chewy. but the rest of the menu is amazing! try parmesan shrimp or their pasta bowls. 2 for 20$ including an appetizer - who doesn't love that? thei garlic mashd potatoes loaded with sour cream are very good too.  it's Applebee's...you should already know what to expect." Service was great and quick. Our drinks arrived quick and our server Melissa had honest and accurate suggestions.  She was really friendly and fun!  Only problem was that it was really cold because of the air conditioning.  Otherwise it was a great experience! aoDM2oE3P4dNoFDKRljVkg Do not go here! We will be voiding it like the plague." Food was good.. A little disappointed in my Berry Sangria.. Wish it looked and tasted as good as the picture. Nothing stood out to me tho. I might go back for their cheese sticks tho:) Last time I went I was very disappointed in the service. We had a large group so I can understand it taking a little longer than normal but our server took forever to ask us what we wanted to drink (we were a little later than the rest of the party who already had a drink). Also all the TVs were on a preface channel while there was another game that was actually on. I don't think I'd ever pick to go there again. Will only go if someone else wants to. All in all another nice afternoon at Applebee's."   but not at the top of my list. The food hasn't seemed to change since I've gone here except for less options.  Waiting for a table is common unless you go at really off peak times. Recently got a burger there. Asked for well done  only says ""HEART ATTACK!!!!!""   Thanks Applebee's"  not surprising. Bruschetta sirloin with potatoes was very nice. Staff was obviously stressed but food arrived timely and hot.  Kids thoroughly enjoyed the desserts. Nice array of flat screen televisions JdCFcgw4yk4M1ZRhAhBIag  and it didn't break the bank. Can't ask for anymore."  and will go back for ""tapas"" again!"  I've gotten better quality shrimp from my local grocery store's frozen food dept.  The coleslaw served with it was literally inedible.  Little to no dressing and tasteless.  Service was good though!"  had to wait 50 minutes or so for a takeaway order though and the package it came in leaked with no warning that there was loose sauce in it."  I'm a cook and if I tried to send food out of my kitchen like that my chef would either make me remake the whole meal or fire me for serving  food like that. I'm sorry but when my steak tastes like a tv dinner and looks like one too I have to say something."  maybe a chunk per 10 chips. I asked if they had forgot the brisket and she said she could bring out more if I liked... I liked. So she brings out this plastic cup the size of a jello cup with this liquid in it. Then went on to say that the the cooks usually put 4 to 5 of these on but since the regional manager was there that they had to go by the book and put on 2.  So congratulations Applebee's Note to management: suggest you check some of these reviews.....their is a common thread!!" It seems from other reviews there are a lot of issues with this location. We gave it two shots recently and it didn't meet our expectations. We are pretty patient people and very easy going Andrew is the best. I've been here a few times and he always helps to take care of us.  I believe I have also gotten food poisoning from here. I ate what I could then went to bed shortly after. I woke up at 330am feeling very nauseous. Every hour I was kneeling over the toilet Excellent value with a lot to choose from.   A young lady named Hannah rocked out the service to really upgrade the experience.    Set up is nice where you can pay your bill automatically without having to wait which is a real cool thing when you're in a hurry.      Hannah was really awesome though which brought the rating to 5 stars..   Nothing like fantastic service.   The drinks came out fast and the food came out shortly after..   Bravo Applebee's..  Bravo Hannah...  never going there ever again." What can I say about this place. It was horrible from the get go. It took our sever 7 min before she even acknowledge our table. And then she brought our salads and no silverware. My wife had to get up and get some from the host. A table right next to us got the dinners before us and we ordered before them. It took almost 45 min to get our food. My entree looked like it was under the heat lamp for 20 min. I will never come back to this place. They couldn't pay me enough to eat there  peppered with semi-pro poker players and and a hanoi-jane pissing target in the urinal.  Swing by the Stop-N-Go on the way out and grab a Sparks.  Quite real."  but if you're a single lady in here don't expect good service from them.  I walked out one night after not being acknowledged (she looked at me when I walked in and immediately sat down) or served within 15 minutes of arriving "The burgers are amazing and ridiculously reasonable! The staff is friendly and attentive. The place is super clean! They do everything right at Players! Good drinks Great bar for Packer games. Free shots for touchdowns. Pot Luck on Packer sunday. Bring a dish to pass. The atmosphere was great. Super sports bar. Service was excellent! As long as your not focused on the food. No credit cards either.  airy bun and a perfectly greasy burger with your choice of cheese and grilled or raw onions. I work nearby and it takes every chubby bone in my body to stop me from going there every day. Food is ready fast Do NOT go here if you are looking for a nice 4 1/2 star place. Not very clean and very loud! So go to this locals joint blue collar bar - have a beer I love this place! I'm new to the area and being an eagles fan I have to go out for most of the games! I'm so glad I discovered this place! Everyone is super friendly and the drinks and food are great! Perfect little sports bar! This will be my little sports home for the time that I am here. Only con (not a problem for me) is it's cash only  but I'm thrilled I did. Honestly used to go here every weekend when I lived in the area. Perry makes one of the best burgers in town. I think they said they get their meat fresh from the willy st co-op every day. So delicious. Then I'd stay and fill up on relatively cheap drinks and catch the Brewers or Bucks game. They have a ton of tv's along with pool "Mary was bartending on a Sat night when three of us stopped in after a show at The Barrymore.  I lost my wallet that night and went back to Player's the next day.  Mary had found my wallet and had it safely stashed with a note for other employees.  Cards "I really dig this place. They are really fun with lots of parlor games and posters from the nineties of girls in Bud Light gear. It's definitely more of a townie bar  is the bomb!!!!! Definitely the best burgers ever!!!  Love love love this crew!!! It's a must do if you are in Madison!!!" large and flavor full burger! Just try and not get it all over yourself. We had a player ho burger and a bacon cheeseburger with cheese curds and l can't say I have had a better burger. The bartender and cook were friendly and in control. I will definitely be back for more."  including the chicken. Stiff drinks served in mason jars.  Look past the odd name and swing by."  1st time seeing them)  This place is pretty close to my place & I can see myself going more often.  There's something for everyone.  And if you are a girl Don't bother going here to watch the NFL unless you're a Packers fan.  Refused to turn up volume in a room full of Bears fans so we could actually hear the game. Ok crowd. Good place to see concerts. But stupid expensive drinks and the bartenders do not give very good service. I've downgraded this place to only a concert stop. And only then if there is nothing else going on.  the bathrooms - they should put in MORE! There were girls in the men's bathroom waiting to use the stall." No I do not work there. No I do not own anything. I am just someone who has always been treated right. I feel that when a place treats you right. You do the same."  as the atmosphere was great for the game. A bit long of a wait for typical bar food is the only drawback." yrBo3c3OTKVO4H1ttBxadw  but wouldn't make the drive back out there with the service we had." Places like this should be using mystery shoppers to test and improve their service. And this bar is in Madison  equipment etc.  In the past the food was always just bar food. Not terrible but nothing memorable.  I was really pleased that they got a new food partner.  We were there in the middle of the afternoon and the owner cooked our meals and served us.  Awesome burger and fries!  Way better than when I was here 2 years ago.  Keep the Bar Rescue guys out of this place  tater tots or sweet potato fries. The worst thing was the ""punk"" waitress. She handed us menus and then stared at us finally asking If we wanted a drink. When the food arrived we had no silverware and she acted like it was a real chore to go get us some. We had to go steal ketchup from another table. When we were half done eating she tried to clear our plates. We were literally the only ones eating at 5:30 pm on Friday night with 2 people at the bar.  No wonder no one was there "Have been to Pooley's numerous times during trips to state basketball tournaments. The experience had always been good  my FAVE cider and on tap??? Def gained an extra star for that grand idea. First time having the Kipp's Special Personal Pizza....delish! Meat lovers delight for real! Bacon. Ham. Pepperoni.  Sausage.  !!!! It was pretty darn good for less than $10. Awesome sports memorabilia surrounds you and there's plenty of TV screens to go around for every sporting event playing that day. The menu is pretty extensive and there's even a sand volleyball pit in the back. Plenty of room for parking and easy to find. I give it 4 stars only because I don't want to come to a sports bar and see little kids running around.  This is an adult playground  Pooley's gets a win because the bartenders are always kind and a few of them are pinball nuts too."  and did a great job. They should migrate somewhere else Great atmosphere for any sporting event or place to meet some friends. Large open area with plenty of seating and tv's.  tons of sports memorabilia on the walls." Atlantis was totally new to me at this visit but it's a really fun game for any level. Great art  it is B Dubs from now on to watch any sports."  you could play a little scavenger hunt and likely find your team. These things are what saved it from a one star  and games for most ages. Food was tasty service was well above average. Can't wait to go back again." Ordered side salad with blue cheese dressing turns out the blue cheese dressing was made there and they added money to it. wasn't much Blue cheese in it. Not one chunk of blue cheese was found and the serving of dressing that was with the salad very poor. Had a mushroom and Swiss burger the burger was cooked good so where the mushrooms but there was way too much grease dripping off of it that made the buns very very soggy. I've had my fair share of burgers in my time this one was probably the worst I've had in over year. The atmosphere is good and the waitress was exceptional have not tried their appetizers next time I will. There is a pool table starts pinball machines lots of TVs to be able to see the game atmosphere I would give it a five but for the food a one star. for whoever is in charge of the kitchen there they really need to watch kitchen nightmares and Hells kitchen to learn how to cook better and to become challenged just a little bit more to get good food out. Burgers are great.  The wings are off the chain.   BW3 wishes their wings were this good.  Great sauce selection too.  If that is not what you are looking for try the grilled chicken Caesar salad better than a lot of sit down places." Kipps food never fails to impress! Everything on his menu is delicious.  Teriyaki wings were SO GOOD.  they could do a bit better. Some nice local brews including New Glarus. I switched from Hopalicious to Alpha King in a bottle which I was told is very hard to get. They have drink specials every day. Mostly on certain mixed drinks and standard brews like Bud/Bud light. I had their buffalo wings where they give you 8 wings "Previous reviews were spot on with the ""not your average sports bar."". This place has an incredible amount of memorabilia and seems to be a great place to watch a sports game and throw back a few drinks (judging from the amount of Badgers fans present after the game). With that being said; the pizza that my girlfriend and I ordered was terrible! Costing $25... I was expecting something of decent quality "This is THE greatest sports bar I've ever been in. So much memorabilia to see.   Justin was our server today.  Justin was attentive and had a great personality.  Ordered chili "Weak tap beer line up.  Marginal service levels. Cluttered ""sports"" pub.  Take a look at the layers of dust on all the helmets on display - now thats impressive!  Why do people hold gatherings here?!" It's like a sports museum. Great memorabilia. Perfect place to catch a Badger game. Cold beer and good mixers. We had the wings...great homemade blue cheese. Will come back for sure. So are the wings and the chili. The nachos are okay." I've had good experiences here prior so I will not let this one cloud my judgement. I would still come back. However  I liked the memorabilia that is spread across the walls.  A nice craft beer selection and decent bar food (burgers + fries).  Although I was only visiting the area for a few days "My absolute FAV shot is the ***T-Bomb***!   It's Ciclon and Red Bull.  Gotta try it  so you can sit upstairs and watch the crowd from above. Decent music and great wings (i think they still have wing night). Its hard to move through the crowd later so get there early and get to know your bartenders. I fully second the T-Bombs!"  especially from the second floor. The second floor bar tends to be less crowded which equals faster drinks. It can get really crowded so hold onto your friends when wandering around. Good weekly specials Note of caution: it takes forever just to get in since the line gets really long unless you go a little earlier in the night.  Other than that though Drink selection is decent. Come for the unique bar setting I'd never wait in line or pay cover to get inside though..." A couple of minor thoughs:  The second floor of brothers looks down on the dance floor like a giant balcony  the bar wasn't close to capacity but I got stuck waiting in a long line (I don't know why). When I finally got in  your drinks are actually kind of expensive for weekend specials in Champaign.  Going to other bars is nice because you can sit  and all those hilarious 80s/90s songs that you never thought you'd hear again.  There was no dance floor - the whole FLOOR could be a dance floor if you staked out your claim early enough.  You could creepily watch people from the top floor; it was a great place to spy on your ex Cheers to $1 drinks and getting good and drunk for the cost of 2 drinks back home!"  then inside there's a couple of staircases to get up to the 2nd balcony level.  My friends and I have fallen many a time on our way down the stairs.  Oops!" It appears the same though: be prepared for the longest line ever "Can't go wrong with Brothers. Large airy bar that seems to be a great place to catch a game. Not as good as the Iowa location Seriously. Amazing specials on a Saturday night. Friendly bartenders that recommend new and exciting brews/drinks even when the place is crowded. It's hard not to love a place with that kind of attitude!"  and the douchiest douchebags fill Brothers shoulder-to-shoulder. I don't get why people go here just for the wings."  expect cheap drinks... assuming you're able to order them." Never wasting my time at Brother's again." Overpriced and dirty. Never had any good memories from this place. RcHfSp2qCW8DFwpmpuNv4A Just been there once. More like a sports bar and super crowded and not really relaxing. Have no place to stand or sit. Floor s dirty RcHfSp2qCW8DFwpmpuNv4A I like the lofted floor plan here. Beer selection is quite good. Prices not bad. Nothing special though.  this is definitely not it. But if you want somewhere to go and get hammered for less than $20 on a weekend "All time favorite bar on campus! This bar was rated in Playboy (haha) as one of the top campus bars! It's always extremely rowdy I used to bartend there while I was in college "A must try once kind of bar for me. Had a great time here during the day after a bar scramble. Not so great at night when the typical crowd gets there. A little on the pale side for me. But when you get ranked by Playboy as a top college bar I miss Kams and for all you mother scratchers there for the summer  but your 60-year-old father has read about it in Playboy and shouts from the psych building across the street: ""THERE'S KAMS! WOW!"" So then The vomit smell is even there at like 8AM on Tuesday mornings!  When I was in college  despite the fact it imposes a variety of ills on the nearby sidewalk and air. I still don't know how people manage to navigate the miasma with enough strength left to even open the door. I suspect it is facilitated by a uniquely potent protective layer of bright sienna self-tanner You can find cheap drinks with ""attractive"" and coherent people almost anywhere else in Champaign Urbana. LOOK!"  and then take your money to Espresso Royale and give them the business whilst drinking on the sly. Now." RwhUzMEG2tVnZQY9dEuXzw  and went there with some friends my first few weekends there. I definitely learned my lesson and never went back Just get some toilet paper in the ladies room stalls!" Plus someone told me once that a girl got syphilis of the foot from wearing flip flops here."  come here. The only time I'm ever here is during a bar crawl."  or better yet the Union cafeteria on a Friday night...now those people know how to party!  Ever wonder why you can't get laid?  Because you are a NERD"  welcome to KAMS - your personal hell."  bad smells. Recently voted as the best place in Champaign-Urbana to have a one night stand. So Ladies...pass this one up. You can do better!"  til the next good song comes on.  KAMS is always filled with student athletes with the throngs of girls surrounding them.  Drinks are cheap - find a frat guy and he'll buy you drinks all night long in hopes you'll go home with him.  Cheap night out."  but they need to just realize that it has gone down hill very fast in the most recent years. The servers on more than one occasion have been to drunk to serve me let alone be working. & also on more than one occasion someone in my group has stepped in throw up. I will not miss this bar or ever return. Someone needs to mop it every once in awhile. I'll pass on this one & walk the extra half block to firehaus.. or actually id rather walk to any other bar but KAMS."  Kam's is a wonderful place to bring a date or just have a night of wine-drinking."  because they were out of Corona and when will I ever be able to say again that I drank a Ed Hardy beer? (Obviously I am a beer connoisseur.) (It wasn't terrible.) All the games were on  or at least bring a clothes pin for your nose." "Kams. Smells like a hamster cage in serious need of a bedding change. Drinks are totally average Ok. The two stars are because the floors had many sticky diseases on it. WTF? Don't they clean the floors? But the bartenders did make me forget about the nastiness with the strong and cheap drinks. That was the only reason it didn't get one star. I'd go back if I'm in Champaign again. One only imagines how many evenings that end in sexual assaults have started in Kams." (This review also applies to the lesser-known Koms)"  it's probably best that you stay away from that bar altogether.  That about sums up my experience with this staple on-campus venue." "Came here 10 years after my graduation...and not much has changed.  It still smelled like vomit  unless you're looking to meet the most obnoxious people in the whole city when they're in full bar crawl mode."  and poor life decisions. And just when you can't stand it anymore and want to leave Dont go here until someone buys it again its really a piece of shit"  and worst of all floors are infamously covered in some gelatinous sticky muck from spilled beers and god knows what else." One star is too much. I haven't been to Kams since I went to college. I went there for the memories. I told one of the bouncers and he put my group in the VIP line. When I got to the front with my group he acted like he had no idea who I was. This was humiliating at best. Kams sucks and we will never go back.  and most importantly everything that makes no sense to an ordinary human at all."  but we decided to give it a go on our ""reunion"" tour thirty years later.  What a mistake.  It only goes to show that PT Barnum was right and euthanasia may have untapped possibilities.  Grimy Anybody expecting better from a campus bar missed their exit...3 hours north near Evanston..." This place is a hellhole and a sorry excuse for a classic college dive bar." *https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/brain-babble/201501/smells-ring-bells-how-smell-triggers-memories-and-emotions"  it's wall to wall people: so basically a huge fire hazard. Basically it's a college bar Frat boy douchebag feel. Early 2000s Pop remixes. There's a strong smell of vomit throughout the bar.  but its better reheated if you let it go cold.  Hooters sauces are notoriously non-spicey (and I'm a big wuss when it comes to spice).  ""Hot"" is about medium  decidedly not great for everyone else." I don't recommend anyone go to the Champaign Hooters. Instead  they are pretty expensive."  I guarantee they will be better then what you would have spent way to much for at Hooters. I rated the noise level as quiet because my wife and I didn't make much noise. I gave it 4 [ $]  just because it so overpriced." The combination of both beer and wings from hooters makes me sick in the morning I continue to eat there for years. As always the servers fake like they care but that don't bother me as long as a get good service and I do. Plus they are easy on the eyes. I love hooters!  This however was the worst food I have ever had at any location.  The chicken was so dry and cheese sauce was hard and tasted disgusting.  thank goodness) seemed to get very agitated if she found out anyone was rooting for the other team. She actually came up to our table  but I've been there twice since moving to Champaign and it seems like their wings consistently lack any crunch  u may very well kno the setup is terrible. Even jus finding this place (located behind Hardee's)is difficult. It's as if Hooters took over a previous establishment not big in business. The bar only seats 10 with a large square room. There r only 2 Hooters signs on the building itself. If this place wants to make better business Food is just like other sports bars. Not a fan of the wings" They get a 4 star just off the buffalo chicken dpi and they are playing the pacquio fight. I'm a woman so I can't go higher than a 4.... Even if the food is bomb... A little difficult to find compared to others. Set up is a little awkward. I nearly walked past the hostess booth "Wings and buffalo shrimp were great. Fried pickles were cooked just right. Service was above average but it was a very slow night. As always The most horrible feeling I have ever felt thank you hooters for making me sad on my journey back home" Waitresses were great! Better wings than I've had at other hooters. Waitress came around offering a free margarita to critique the bartender. Best hooters ever!  plus they brought me a bud lite when I ordered a Budweiser but I know it's just so hard to keep those 2 straight. Still beats going to an over crowded crappy service Buffalo Wild Wings Worst Hooters ever! Walked out after sitting for 10 minutes - no service. Waitress standing around. Empty tables all around. Still out on the quality of the food as we're still waiting 40 minutes after ordering for 3 out 4 orders!  it really was as bad as the other reviews. Zero on Hooters philosophy on customer service. I do come here to check a little leg too  curly fries came out of the fridge. The customer assistant was so rude and she cleared the food from our table even before we finish it without asking us. When i asked why are you doing this and she replied that she has to go home. This happened at 8:30pm. We were really shocked by looking at the whole experience. We will not return to this place and never recommend to our friends. Grr." My husband and I frequent Hooters for lunch dates as often as we can.  I love the wings and he loves the grilled cheese!  We always have a blast when we visit!!  All of the waitresses we have had have been wonderful.  Our waitress last time was especially wonderful!!  Britt is a  mom and full time student as well as a hard working waitress!  She smiled and engaged us all the way through our meal.  We really appreciated her.  Five stars all of the way for Hooters Champaign.  Thank you!! An overall 5.5 stars. hellz yeah."  but not good enough to put up with that crap ever again." i cannot attest for the sports bar side of things but i really liked the food for lunch... the serivce was good and quick... compared to alot of the places in the area i found the food quality pretty high by lunch standards... i will definatly go back... maybe even to watch some sport next time...  fun atmosphere. it can be crowded! for pure sports event viewing  it absolutely rocks after Suns or D-Backs games.  The place is typically packed and it's not uncommon to find local or visiting athletes sipping beers on the narrow sidewalk patio.  The bartenders are personable and charming and it's not unusual for one of them to grab the mic and wander the restaurant singing karaoke (and singing it well).  The spontaneity of patrons singing duets with the bartender or serenading their dates to late-'80s pop ballads makes for a great party-like atmosphere."  but it does get really crowded fast so if you really wanted to come here move fast after the game is over because this place is small!" HOT TIP: A second Majerle's will be opening in Chandler in the fall." was there for week one of the NFL and it wasn't as crowded as i thought it would be.  maybe it was because AZ played monday night.  we were able to get a table right away.  decent amount of tv flat screens everywhere.  good selection of food and drinks.  located in close proximity to US Airways Center and Chase Field. -  A little on the small side...even with the back room its small for a sports bar  (This seems to be an ongoing thing here...cram as many tables as possible into once place "  but one time I was here eating a salad at the bar and Thunder Dan himself came up and asked how I was enjoying everything.  Very outgoing and friendly guy My girl Jacqui liked her entree."  but everything else on the menu seems to be just adequete. One thing I can count on is them always being open until at least midnight and having decent food. You can also count on being harassed by bike taxi guys and hobos out front  but not somewhere that warrants a special trip. I'll have to check it out before a game sometime to get the full effect." Place blows.  So many other great places in the East Valley to visit with your hard earned dollar.  Vote elsewhere."  and single ladies should definitely be here for happy hour - lots of men!  Probably married men let out for a few hours on a weekend....but men nonetheless!  And for the fellas  but it's a nice place to hangout to watch sports." "Last night was my first time at Majerle's and it will probably be my last. It is just your typical sports bar  but I definitely wouldn't choose over 15-20 other places in a 5-mile radius that have great food This is not really a kid-friendly environment but there is nothing to suggest they shouldn't attend. Because the bar is more intertwined with the restaurant and the waitresses are usually minimally dressed Didn't have a bite of food so I can't comment on that.  But I did have a hell of a time and next time I can stay out late on a Tuesday (not nearly as often as I'd like) I will definitely be back!!"  but the exposed brick lends a time-worn atmosphere to this cozy sports bar.  $16 just isn't worth it though. Too many other bars in the vicinity to waste your time."  this is such an easy place to hit on a light rail pub crawl or before or after a game or concert  and thinly sliced corned beef gets you to that point where you food coma out after your lunch break and make for a very unproductive end of the workday in downtown Phoenix.  Go Warriors!!!" I've been the Majerle's before this visit was very nice and I would definitely come back...will come back this time with an appetite." At this point I was so annoyed and tired and wanted to leave.  I asked for the check when she finally walked by a few minutes later (she never came by to ask how anything was).  I didn't even want to bother complaining and waiting to get more food.  After a long day  but I wouldn't ever go out of my way for it though." Drinking here can get pricey; i usually only drink here during happy hour when things are cheap.  They have a bunch of tv's and offer specials during MNF too."  I am watching my figure.) I liked it. I liked it more than I thought I would since it's a sports bar. And it wasn't any more expensive than any other sports bar. I really liked the exposed brick walls that echoed stories from bygone years and sighed in relief that the wrecking ball never came. Thank you to Majerle's for having vision and bringing value to downtown Phoenix."  I was glad I didn't have to pay.  $60+ to ""enjoy"" conversation with a tool and overpriced food and drinks.  Sometimes it's good to be a girl..."  a vodka tonic with 1/2 club soda. an obnoxious drink? sure. but so what? our absolutely awesome server didn't show the slightest bit of annoyance toward me or my drink order.  she was genuinely sweet. i appreciate that. as far as the food and drink  one of my friend had to go to get the waiter. My meal was not put in the system. He never came to apologize. When everyone was more than 1/2 way finished with their meals  perhaps I'll try it again. Probably Not." "This is a great place for out-of-towners to catch their sports teams in action. Bar selection was great. Friendly servers are all attentive and very good for menu recommendations. Thoroughly enjoyed myself  reasonably priced and served with a smile.  Good for a beer and a sandwich while watching a game." "I stopped into the downtown location of Majerle's while in Phoenix on business.  The food was good but nothing to write home to mom about as it was just your typical bar grub.  However It's always fun for us huge Suns fans to stop in there before or after the games to see some players and coaches I'm only commenting this place as a bar and not on its food.  I don't think this would be in my top twenty of choices to eat at with so many other great dining choices nearby.  Only come here for the scene and the drinks  only the bartender and we could see other servers in the back walking around. It's not like they were busy. After sitting there for a few minutes The food is overpriced and so are the drinks. The atmosphere is not casual and the place is not very inviting. The hostess was not friendly and neither was the staff inside. I did not enjoy coming to this place and I don't think I'll be returning.  but the wings are on special during football [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kHpXJ2vciumu2KhNHg0hYA?select=8PgwEaa1nqdCt9c0zP3tBQ]!"  most of their ""servers"" seem to lack a pulse...something that should be manditory for the position. how these people survive on tips is beyond me...americans are just generous people i guess." Great atmosphere.  Awful food.  Everyone looked like they were working hard to make everyone happy.  Except maybe the cooks.  The food was gross.  Good Ranch dressing and fries though.  Thank goodness.  chicken and something else).  The place was empty and the waitress was actually bothered we had chosen to eat dinner in her section.  To make a long story short - I got sick that night with some type of food poisoning and spent the next 12 hours trying to sleep between throwing up and running a fever.  Will definitely never go back." Here's the downfall. Food didn't look appetizing. Generic food that looks as if it came from a frozen box and was heated in a microwave. Wouldn't be surprised. I would stay away from there drink specials. It may be cheap but thats because there's no alcohol! My friend ordered a blue hurricane for $4 but asked for a shot for it since there was no hint of alcohol whatsoever. With the shot it came out to $12. So much for drink specials. They ordered another drink special in hopes it would be better. Fail. Sad to say but they returned it. Stick with beer. You can't go wrong with the flavor and amount of alcohol in it"  and really tasty bar food. The cotton club room is the best!" Ridiculous expensive drink prices...$16 for a double tall vodka soda. The manager is an A$$. Flip side...cute cocktail waitresses.  this place is great. The back room has huge leather booths. The outdoor seating is nice too--it can get a little wild after the events let loose."  and we usually eat dinner near the arena before games.   Needless to say I was so disappointed. The food was not great and while we were eating a HUGE roach went crawling up the brick wall next to our table.  I couldn't finish my dinner and I hightailed it outa there!!! Never ever been back!!!"  but for the most part typical sports bar grub. The service was outstanding!! The best I have had ina long time.... Well worth the visit..." My office has had several private parties at this location. They have two areas where you can throw parties. My favorite is the Cotton Room. It is a private room that is very hip also. sangria was weak. it was juice." "I went here today for lunch and thought that it was alright. The place is much bigger than it looks from outside and has pretty cool decorations for a sports bar. The food was just alright. We got the gorilla wings with garlic and chili sauce and they were very good. They had a crispy skin and the sauce was mild but tasty. I had the sir charles chicken sandwich and it was really dry. There was too much bread and not much sauce on it. It was a very generic chicken sandwich and I would not order it again. I guess if you are looking for a sports bar "Normal bar food late night menu. Went there after a basketball game to grab a burger. The atmosphere was nice and the bathrooms are clean. I have had drinks there a couple times too and the small  I also had a chicken sandwich which was great and fullfilling.  The waitress remembered what we drank so that was great.  I was with a large group of people and the staff at Majerle's took care of everyone really well.    The Strawberry Fields Salad looks really good as well  burgers etc..TV's..alcohol..indoor/outdoor seating..good service. Went during my lunch hour so speediness in the kitchen counts and food came out quickly and was pretty tasty. This place is prob best for lunch and after work drinks/snacks not sure about dinner. Was hard to sit at a bar on my lunch hour and not order a drink..i have decided taking me to a bar on my lunch hour is not such a good idea. Will have to check this place out for an after work drink sometime and see what its like and maybe up my stars on it." "Thought I would try Majerle's Sports Grill for lunch. I haven't been there in about 12 years. I've always liked the atmosphere and it's still nice. Sat at the bar and based on the reviews I've read  will come through. Its fun to watch him grope the female servers (please tip those girls well!). I'd suggest it for smaller games and for nights when there is no game "I liked this place a lot. I came in after a game and sat for a while having a few beers waiting for a friend to show up.  I had a really good Reuben sandwich.  The crowd was pretty friendly   Nice kinda upscale restaurant / sports bar.  Not sure how many more times I will be back in Phoenix Az but if I do 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ Good place to watch a game but the food is terrible.  Went there about four times and had to send the food back every time because it was cold! The happy hour looked nice but was not valid during event nights  all at a very reasonable price. Beer menu was slightly lacking in my opinion. Service was attentive and friendly too I always enjoy the music at Marjele's and of course whatever game is on.  Marjele's has a nice vibe so if you haven't been or  you're looking for your next bar Seems like a nice place to relax when downtown. Would I drive here just for Majerle's? Nope. Would I pop in if downtown wanting a drink or some food? For sure."  but I think I would only go back to drink alcohol." Just a few blocks from Chase field & US airway arena. Great beer selections and specials. I recommend the chicken wings.  slightly breaded and fried. The crunch on the shrimp is amazing. And then they are coated with just the right amount of buffalo sauce. The only downside is that you only get about 6 to an order. The loaded potato skins are very good also."  but this is definitely one of my choices when I'm looking for a sports bar before or after the game in Downtown Phoenix." 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ "Stopped in for happy hour and had a couple beers and gorilla wings.  Pros: the wings were big and delicious Great service & yummy food. Enjoyed watching the game while there. Fun atmosphere!  and watch ufc. the food was great. drinks are good. the prices were a tad higher but nothing that bad.  great place to watch ufc or football. we went there for ufc and the asu vs au game was that night." Hamburger bun too big and should be toasted. Meat patty too big for bun and not enough flavor.   Fun and great service  most establishments will validate your parking if they do not provide parking and your only option is to use the parking garage. I paid $12 to park in the parking garbage situated adjacent to Merle's and was advised upon arrival that they do not validate parking. I was also advised that the entrance for the MLK celebration was a block down on Washington??? That was a little weird for me especially during a MLK celebration....what are we in the 50's where blacks enter from the back???? That did not sit well with me. Another  issues I had with this place was the DJ. He came over and introduced himself as the DJ from Chicago. He was by far the worst DJ I have ever heard. The music was from one extreme to the other. There was skipping and long pauses between songs. I think Connor Cruise (Tom Cruise's son) would have done a better job. Lastly  still got excellent service. Very friendly waitress and bartenders. Drinks came fast and good times were had. Decent menu  but this past weekend the service was AWEFUL!  I would think a place like this would be used to busy crowds.  The food is great yum yum yum burger.... enough said! Drinks are average in price."  this place was awesome and I would just go back SPECIFICALLY for the salad  nothing special. But the food is great. I would be a repeat customer of I lived in Phoenix!" The only downside is when it got busier we were a bit ignored by our waitress. Took several tries to get her to come over. Other than that  other then being owned by Dan Majerle. Nice location Always have a great time here.. attentive staff. Good drinks and fun. Nothing else is necessary 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ  I will rely on Marjele's to feed me since they are one of the few restaurants who stay open on Sundays. Mareje's provides solid food. Food that you will know what you're getting yourself into before you get there. They also have several TVs and always provide quick and friendly service." We love this place!!! The food and Service were great.  Nicole at the Avondale location is the best!!! We love her.  and so very dark. It was kind of a mood killer. They do have a patio but didn't have the misters on and weren't serving out there. With all the beautiful weather we get in Arizona Very mediocre food when surrounded by a lot of great options.  I can't believe the food network came here?!"  and drinks are expensive. On top of that the crowd is pretty crappy unless you like washed up jocks acting like they own the town. If that's your thing "Good service and location "i had a great time here; waitresses/service was good- no complaints! i had a burger which tasted straight from a grill n homemade Good place for a beer. Excellent boneless wings. Probably fun pre or post game. Otherwise  but all in all was just a typical sports bar with barfood. If that's what you're looking for and give it a shot. But if you're looking for a little bit more of a great dining experience I would look somewhere else locally."  and the waitress made sure to let us know after we sat down that we had to go to the bar to order our drinks as she was off duty. And...my vodka soda tasted like water."  lots of TVs.... and great happyhour specials!" "Watched Game 1 of the World Series here and had a great time  but not overbearing.  Our server was really nice.  I'd be much more interested exploring the other dining options that are available in the area instead of returning to Majerles next time I'm in Phoenix." Great sports bar in downtown Phoenix!  The servers are amazing too!  Great place to have a beer and watch sports on TV.  but other than that I like the food. The chicken sandwich and the fries are great." Great service..great food...very fast! I've never had to ask for a refill of my water.  Our order has always been correct.  (My husband and I are notorious for substitutions.)  The hostess and waitresses are always friendly too." food is good and atmosphere is great.actually got to meet thunder Dan and do shots with him wich was pretty unreal.its a sports bar so don't come here expecting anything more than bar type food" "Stopped in for a bite to eat before catching a game at Chase stadium.  I would give the service 4-stars Went here after a baseball game for late night happy hour. I had a couple of beers and an appetizer. The staff was very helpful. A nice little place to get a brew After a game on Phoenix.  came to our table. We just got up and left. For a place supposedly owned by a former Phoenix Sun  she proceeded to tell us that we were wrong and this is what we ordered.  Kids have been waiting almost 35 minutes for the food now.  We had the manager come over.  He apologized for the error and waited on us the rest of the visit. Food was good Yea a pretty good sports bar.  Nice staff and good wings (been there only once).  There's a front bar and a rear bar for overflow.  so I imagine if you like a bud light and a bar to sit around and watch whatever sports there is going on  the light rail is a stone's throw away. Sometimes I need a solid sports bar to drink a domestic and yell at a screen with the guys. Downtown doesn't offer too many options for that  which I think was 5-7...my daughter and I had several of the $6 appetizers and my husband had the ragin' Cajun chicken sandwich which was so huge that at first he thought it was battered but was actually a lot of seasoning. Overall  remember if like something besides catsup on your sandwiches you'd better ask  nothing less. Had chicken soft tacos. Burgers looked good. Tried some chips and salsa too. Read other  reviews about customer service...spot on. Our party had lots of food left on the table when we left. Coworkers gave it a 'meh' as well. No need to return ever again." 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ  I had a great time there and the bartenders were all very friendly and attentive." Majerle's is a great place to hang out and watch sports or to grab a quick bite. There are other grills with better food  the waitress basically sauntered over and asked us ""Whatdoyouwant?"" Then proceeded to get our order wrong (beef burgers instead of veggie burgers).  Taken together  she apologized for everything. :/" "Friendly staff and very attentive. So far  the food and the service are always good. The prices have always been reasonable."  Majerle's is the slam dunk watering hole in downtown on a game night. Check it out!"  excellent service from the hostess to the waiters! Attentive  "If I deducted a star for each 'f-bomb' I heard from your bar staff you'd owe me 6 stars. If staff is comfortable acting like this when no management is around it makes me curious as to what else could be happening Another coworker got this tuna crossiant sandwhich...next time I'll try that. She didn't like the swiss cheese that was on it but said it was very delicious. As we left the place was packed! Well inside  so most likely will not be revisited unless the crew decides it's a must do. Sitting outside is nice but the speakers are annoying. Cut them off or fix them."  but the service was subpar. Given that it's a well known restaurant and a highlight in the downtown area  but the 5 stars go to their Rueben!  Best Rueben I've had!"  and the buns they use are like the Hawaiian dinner rolls everyone eats at Thanksgiving.... The meat is really good too. my favorite burger now. Check my other posts to see that I don't say that about everything."  we decided to leave. I am honest and I wanted to pay for the 2 beers... 10 minutes to get the change! The server came to me ""Why didn't you wait 5 more minutes? Your food was ready..."" Yeah right. The manager? Obviously more preoccupied to make the pretty servers laugh... Pathetic and unprofessional." Food was amazing! I don't eat red meat and they made me a special chicken burger with cajun avocado!! So fulfilling! "HUGE disappointment!!!! Stopped for a quick dinner before a show. Ordered 2 burgers medium. They came out extremely well done & the buns were hard & dry. The waitress took them back to the kitchen & returned with 2 more well done burgers! What the heck?! When we told her (& showed her)  and I would recommend they change this highlighted item to something else." "The service was fairly fast despite it being Comicon weekend. and the ""Garbage Burger"" was great.  The service was also very good.  My one complaint was the total chaos upon entering.   The hostess was overwhelmed." Ducked in just to find a cool place to sit and a bite to eat. The efficient waitress brought out the BEST burger I've ever had.  And I've eaten lots if burgers in my 54 years.  A big juicy patty on a sweet Hawaiian style bun. They had a couple of burgers but I don't remember this one's name-- All Star Burger?  Anyway it was a great experience. Thunder Dan better get back to his restaurant and read the reviews. I may not be back." "Thunder Dan... Get down here and teach your staff some hustle! Or maybe just some courtesy. A waitress (""Cheeky"") seemed annoyed by our presence. Turns out she just wanted to chat to a group of her friends at the bar. When the place is this empty (past midnight) This place has amazing cheap drinks on happy hour and amazing fries. Our server (arias) was more then pleasant I will definitely come here again in the future.  we had the Rojo Diablo with sweet potato fries and the All Star burger with real fries. Both sandwiches were very tasty and the fries are thin cut and just the right amount of crunchy." We were looking for a casual place on a Sunday night. This place was great! Plenty of TVs and the hot wings were awesome! Great place to go for something to eat after being downtown either for a game or concert. Waiters Waitresses and Bartender's are polite and show good manners. When it is really busy service can be slow but prices are reasonable and food is good. If you are close by stop in and check it out for yourself. Nachos are chips with Taco Bell meat and obvious nacho cheese from a pump. The beer selection is weak at best. Noisy and the atmosphere is more dive bar than lounge. Will avoid in the future.  and this place is on my list to come back to every time!" The customer service was great! They messed up our order twice but we got a free beer and free order of fries so  it was delicious! I had a fantastic quesadilla- one of the best i have had since living in Phoenix and a few other awesome apps- this place was packed and had a great fun atmosphere- i would def come back!" "Worst service I've ever had (literally). Spent $400 at the bar and it never got any better. Excuses included: ""we're too busy right now so you're going to have to wait""; ""why are you still here?""; ""I'm sorry it's taking so long but we're really busy right now."" And that's just a couple explanations. Decent food  however since we were unable to get tickets at the asinine ticket prices we opted to try and stay for the game. Manager Amy not only made sure we were comfortable but navigated a difficult reservation list to find us a spot. We also witnessed her handle SEVERAL very difficult (and honestly pretty abhorrent) escalated customers with grace. Food was excellent  and was going to try and maybe negotiate the bill down some with the manager.  Next words out of his mouth were either pay it or I'm calling the cops I would never go back the food quality was poor and the service was even worse. Go to Hooters for a fantastic buffalo chicken sandwich."  if they don't check milk expiration dates and freshness what else do they overlook?"  was friendly and attentive. Had the French Dip for lunch. It was awful.  The beef was rubbery and had an off flavor. The au jus was flavorless.  I tried to perk it up with black pepper Pretty decent sports bar.  We stopped  in to watch the fight this weekend and even though there was a hefty cover charge we decided to get a table.  The night turned out to be pretty pricey but we enjoyed ourselves.  Food was ok we enjoyed the sliders and nachos were just meh.  Our drinks were great and our server was busy but kept  everyone happy.  We were seated in a weird section called the Cotton Club? which reminded us of a strip club area kinda funny it doesn't fit in with the rest of the place but maybe there's some story behind it?  Anyway glad we stopped in.  cool bartenders and a decent selection of local drafts. Staff is attentive yet laid back at the same time. I've been here three times this week on a four day trip!" Found this place on Yelp while visiting AZ. My hubby is a simple eater so I figured this place would have something he would eat. I got the slam dunk shrimp. BOMB. I got half chili garlic pepper and half buffalo. The Potato Skins were great.  Nice and soft.  Drinks were good..I got the Vegas Margarita. Great experience.  not great.  Majerle's really isn't my thing as I'm not a sports guy but that's not their fault.  Had a pretty good chicken sandwich and a good Teriyaki chicken bowl (seriously).  Seems a little boring of an atmosphere compared to everything else on that street but it's a relief from the same ol' Scottsdale EDM thing if that's what you're looking for."  we told the hostess that there 3 of us. She didn't even acknowledge that we had spoken and instead just walked inside expecting us to follow her in. She could have said ""okay follow me right inside."" How simple would that have been? It just rubbed me the wrong way. Then This will definitely be our go-to for games and drinks."  the other was very mad that we wanted to order our drinks before happy hour ended."  burger wasnt great. Not much flavor and a dry bun. The reason for the low rating vs average was because of 2 things. One of the waiters dropped a cup that had the liquid flying all over us. She looked at us and didnt say a thing and acted like nothing happened. Second Good food n service go here for your food during conventions n sports If you are debating about going here or TK I would absolutely positively go to this joint! Go Suns!" "Great service and even better food. Checked this spot out on a Sunday afternoon and it was well worth it. Great music playing and the ambience was chill. Ordered nachos and gorilla wings (delish). Got a house wine and LIT  and Arnold palmers. I was satisfied and the service was good for being packed. They have great music videos playing and sports all round."  had drinks and food before we got drinks.  The groups were leaving when we finally got our food.   NOT happy with today's service and the fact we sat there for sometime without service.  Food was good  especially the vegetables that came with it. The service was great & I would definitely return here again if I'm ever in town!"  still no condiments but our regular server did stop by and we had to again ask for the condiments. What server doesn't automatically bring those condiments to a table full of people who will no doubt need them?! Seriously it's just common sense. I was not particularly enthused about my visit and  laid back bar. The staff is extremely nice and that alone would have made this a wonderful trip. I had a few liquid marijuana shots and an order of their cheese fries. Both were good." Enjoyed the rueben sandwich again today at lunch. The frequent customer punch card is a pretty decent deal too.  but overall it was good. I ordered the brownie to-go for desert...what a waste of money. $6.50 (which is fairly cheap) for hard little brownie squares that I couldn't even chew  knowing it wouldn't be crowded. Service from Olivia was excellent; she kept our beverages filled and otherwise checked back often without being intrusive. Food arrived much faster than anticipated It was a great spot for some quick delicious food and beers prior to heading to a D-Backs game! Food was cold and took over an hour to come out. They forgot half of our order and we had to walk up to the kitchen to remind them. AWFUL SERVICE - terrible place  and the cookie dessert was to die for. Choose this place!"  not busy. Ordered reuben. As far as Reubens go it was ok but they don't have slaw. Who doesn't have slaw with a reuben.  Also  you can often find parking at the meters right around the viscinity. Otherwise  and the food was good." "We went on a Monday night (6:30) during a business trip...my favorite place in Phoenix!!!! Great food  which is why it's getting any stars. The experience itself was awful! Every person working there should be fired! Even the couple sitting next to us came over on their way out to ask how our server was! They wrote her ""comment"" on their bill. Lol . If your desperate for food while downtown then go for it You have a choice of bars in Downtown - DON'T make it Majerle's." Great spot for downtown Phoenix sports.  Stopped in with about 40 of our friends to pregame before the Cactus bowl.  Had a great experience!  Ryan totally hooked us up with great tables.  Service was good for the crazy amount of fans in the place. Service was slow slow slow. Return visits from the waitress was non existent. This would of been a 5 Star if service was prompt." If you're looking for a fun downtown bar to watch your favorite sporting event at  plus no explanation from the server she just dropped the food off and left. Haven't been able to get her name because she isn't around long enough to ask!" We were seated right away but it was only 6pm. The service was excellent and the atmosphere was lively with chatter and tv. They also have outdoor seating which will be a great option once it gets a little warmer." Service was good and ended the trip with a good hefty meal."  as are the prices. I especially like that they have burger substitute options... the turkey patty is amazing! Lots of TVs (for sports Pretty chill place. Good views of tv's. Likely to recommend to watch a good game. Go Avs! We enjoyed our lunch. Burger was good. Reuben was excellent. French dip was pretty good. Shoestring fries were yummy. Nachos were good but not one bit warm. Service wasn't very good. We had to ask for iced tea refills. Never got water refills. Never got asked if we wanted 2nd bar beverages. Server brought ticket without asking if we wanted anything else.  and the drinks are so weak I feel like I'm drinking lemonade. I hear the beers are full tilt  best I've ever had. Fairly decent place and been around for years." This will be my go to spot when I am in town." "Never had any real luck with this place and I've been to a few of them through out the valley. Stopped in the other night before the last Suns game and ordered a chicken sandwich. It was pretty good but found a giant blonde hair in my sandwich half way into my meal. I thought it was a long string of cheese "Had an excellent burger that was served to me quickly. Manager was very nice when he stopped to check in on my meal "Decent place that had a lot of hype. Food was decent. A step above traditional bar food. The drinks were stiff and fairly priced. The place was kind of dirty and didn't have the best atmosphere. Decent to stop for a drink and an appetizer  it made it the obvious choice. I must say that the service was excellent and the manager had no problem of switching the TV channel to the game I wanted to see. I picked a local draft beer off the menu with the gorilla wings and a basket of fries. The hot sauce was good but the wings were dry and the fries (string fries) tasted like the Walmart frozen fries that cost less than a buck! So  they need more of a selection!! The roll they use for the burgers are awful! Who wants a roll bigger than their burger? They have really gone down hill."  as are the cocktails. I go here after or before suns and diamondback games almost entirely for convenience. The sliders are pretty good  but prefect to get a drink and a bite before a game at the BOB or the basketball arena... not too expensive for the quality of food you get." Update: Their new listed hours are 11am-3pm Monday through Friday & Special Events.  Guess you'll have to call ahead to find out if there's a special enough event in the area before you go..." I would definitely go back here before a game again.  It was a good relaxed atmosphere and a quick walk over to the stadium.  However Anybody want to join my one woman campaign?" My only gripe?  When the heck is it opened consistently?  Argh!"  they have a reverse happy hour. I'm not sure I would go back again before a game though. If you go during the week for lunch Next time: I'll ask for a plain burger and 1/4 of the normal amount of fries or some other side."  potato skins and burgers. It actually is a place where you can get a nice meal and a few drinks before heading to the game."  the service was reliable and they have a full service bar with a good selection of beers and whatever may be your lush's delight.  I'll definitely be back again to enjoy more good times with my boys and mas tequila shots."  12 props for serving as a (objective of course) political venue when requested!!" And they don't give me funny looks for ordering a shot of jager at 11AM before an afternoon game. . ." I hope you guys are doing well with your cholo hip hop nights you do there upstairs because you sure as hell aren't focused on customer service anymore. Or good food for that matter."  decent pub fare for pregame/postgame.  The menu may be hit or miss but there's lots of choices and most people won't be disappointed."  at 7 they turned down the lights and changed to some crappy R+B radio station. I guess that crowd who was coming in to get their 5 course wine and food pairings didn't want to listen to the game.  Why exactly they came to Coach and Willies then I feel like this place is a place I would probably bring my parents to Overall it is not a bad place and I would go again if invited but I want to try some other places in the area too on my infrequent trips downtown."  I liked it!  I ordered the italian stallion sandwich with fries and thought it was very yummy.  Steve was great and attentive and I really liked the whole look of the restaurant.  I would definately reccomend going here with a group of friends.  The parking situation is kinda wierd We had to run to the game and unfortunately the D-Back lost!!!!  Coach and Willies is a great find.  We had a great tasting meal "Im probably being so unfair with a rating of 3...Im not much of a sports bar girl.. but this place is fun.. and its a place to go pre-game.. have a few beers..and get into the moment...of testosterone... full of yelling guys.. and girls serving in sportsy shirts... not the friendliest girls either... so beer is cold... service way slow... my friend ordered a plate of chicken nachos... forever and ago...they finally arrive... are they okay.. yep  but who knows.  They have lots of great TV's so it would be an awesome place to watch any game.  If they start playing MLS games The overall prices are a bit high and that's what would keep me away in the future."  and I wish they would have been more intentive to ask my group if we wanted the televisions on. Which would have raised the overall atmosphere rating."  stringy texture. Owner/manager/bartender certainly has no business being in the hospitality industry. Two of two times here  but I had ordered at the bar so I just got to tease everyone else. I thought it was a pretty yummy place for lunch  late night bites and a corporate function and everytime i've liked it. It is one of my favorite places to go before a baseball or basketball game. They have a great selection of handcrafed beers both on tap and in bottles. There food is also really good for what i take as more of a bar enviornment. There burgers  especially because of the atmosphere mixed with pretty good food.  I have never found myself thinking about going here outside of a game day I will recommend to every single person I know to never patronize that establishment "I lived by here and eat here all the time. I recommend the lobster bisque even though my gf says it makes me smell like a fish. I also recommend the Italian nachos This is my very favorite restaurant/bar in downtown Phoenix!  It has great atmosphere from fun to semi-formal and the food is fabulous.  Even breakfast is totally de-lish! "C&W's is one of my favorite places for lunch downtown.  I've been coming here for years.  The portions are huge and the staff is great.  The only thing I miss are the huge They have a location opening in Chandler early next year and I cannot wait!!"  but not bad. Seemed like a very authentic ""pub"". BUT very pricey. Spent like $24 on 2 beers and a quesadilla! Kidding me??" Can't wait for their Chandler location to open!" I am looking forward to trying them out when they open the new Chandler location." I had the Italian Stallion sandwich and it was pretty good. It would have been better if they sliced the meat Jerry Mike's Style (nice and thin). The thick ham and salami slices made it tough to bite and hold. Oh well. We'll be back the next time we need to pregame in Phoenix. The large covered patio was a nice break from the heat." "The food at this Sports Grill is good and the portion sizes are very fair.  The service that we experienced from our pleasant young server was not so good.  By that I mean - House Salad: Basic but a good choice to balance out one of the heavier meal options." Horrible bar service... All Draft Beers are out on a SATURDAY! Not worth the stop. These sandwiches and two drinks cost us over $50. Hence Awesome place. Really nice staff  I hope no one else makes the mistake of going to this place and expecting the good food that people here have written about. The menu is rather large and maybe that's why they are having a hard time keeping the food at a high quality. If you go here before a game  and C&W was a good venue for it. I'm not sure if I'd ever frequent the place on my own since I'm not huge into sports  smothered in marinara sauce and cheese with 4 pieces of garlic bread!! These will please your mouth in ways its never been pleased!" j8nyAaN_w5t6wYv-ni23sg "Awesome place. Really nice. Outstanding service from Matt. Food is delicious  after 45 minutes you'll eat anything. Beer was overpriced at $5 for a glass. We got out of there as quickly as we could after the food was consumed. Won't be back."  I noticed all the dishes are pretty BIG.  The service was quick and pretty good.  I ordered the chicken fingers with fries.  Their batter is little coated and crispy.  The chicken was still moist.  All in all Such a terrible experience."  live music some nights and even a DJ on Friday nights I think. Brunch menu is unbelievably good! I had mimosas of course to quench my thirst. : ) Hits the spot-especially after a night of drinking! AND the deserts they have are even delicious! There is a lot more I can say and I am pretty picky about the places I like. Definitely go!"  which she ended up getting wrong three times. We were there for 2 1/2 hours and received a small discount from the manager. I don't know if this is how it's normally run or if they were understaffed for some reason  great service. I come here several times a week. Live next door and it is always good. 6 buck burgers can't be beat!"  but here's why. The place its still looks really good and feel about it. The waiters are ill-trained. I came here with a groupon/google offer. I've always wanted to see what it is all about. I am so thankful that I was only out a few bucks and didn't have to pay full price. They screwed up my bill and took FOREVER to fix. Had to get the manager  Danny wet above and beyond to make sure we still had a pleasant experience. we will definitely be back thanks Danny!" It was my first time there and the pasta with alfredo was very good and filling!  WiFi and free parking during lunch." Service was fast...no complaints. My whiskey blackened steak wrap was yummy. The two free beers (paid for by the school principal/owner)  so it's a good spot for a beer and a ballgame.  Wood smoke from the pizza oven creates a great aroma Great service. Fun downtown atmosphere. Highly recommended  your manager then said "" I'll go get the owner for you."" There was no demanding there.  Also please learn to read before posting replies as I stated the owner BASICALLY said to shut up and stop whining.  The way he spoke to us is the reason why we would never come back.  Also you posted in my mom's review that our food and drinks were comped.  We sent the food back as it was cold Happy hour meatballs before the game.  Add a beer and it's all good. On the positive side I would say this place is fairly priced for what you get and they seemed to have some good specials going for locals on certain days and thankfully on that night for us still serve food late night. Just next time it would be nice for them to actually mention the delay in the pizza when ordering if they would have been done we would have been fine and probably order something else to hold us over. Or even possibly following thru on bring out items when they say they will. Maybe on another late night downtown will make an appearance but it wouldn't be my first choice."  heaven forbid your thirsty on a bad day.... lastly by the time my husband was able to grab the attention of Said server for katsup and mustard his burger it was cold and my salad had yet to arrive.. hence the extra time to sip on my late beer waiting for dinner.. I would say there are better more collected establishments in the area... wait as I hear the second ring from the kitchen for the salad that I can see from the window but can not have... :("  so we went last night.  The waiter was very friendly and attentive to our group.  The appetizers were wonderful and the waiter was very helpful when we asked what he recommended--his recommendations were right on!  We got an order of wings and asked to have the sauce on the side because we were not sure how it would taste--the wings came out nice and crispy--yum!  And it was perfect because some of us at them naked and some with the sauce--perfect!  The Italian nachos were great and we had few birthdays in our group so we were treated to some yummy dessert!  We will definitely be back!"  and when nothing was going on (in town to visit friends) and have had no significant issues with anything.  Food is standard pub fare and well prepared and they have always treated us well.  In fact j8nyAaN_w5t6wYv-ni23sg  what a disappointment! Should have went across the street to SanTan Brewery for decent food and service. We were served our drinks in a timely manner while looking at the food menu  Coach and Willies was sold and turned in to Legends back in October 2012. Please know that when posting on this site. You should go to the Legends site to do so." Besides that - huge bar.  When it's empty (a non-game day) it seems even bigger.  But that can work great if you want to meet a crowd there for a non-sports event.  The dance club space has been a bit more hit and miss over the years.  It went from lame to cool to not so hot to the large outside area is awesome because it is so big..." 5XIvwfbIa-vuFEkkeCQ6kQ  she said we could order a drink with hard liquor in it.  We put in an order for a round and our dinner order at the same time telling her in detail the way we wanted our hamburger-she went away and was promptly back for our credit card-no drinks or food  till you have opened a tab.  Drinks came (without my lime as requested-but plenty of lemons) as people were seated and served drinks and food; a second round was ordered and served-still waiting for food...when we asked about the food she pulls out her blank order form and asks us what we wanted.  Too late for that I won't be going back anytime soon."  and the bar tender tried to double charge us for food. Nice service. My advice "This place should just shut down.  Went for drinks before the TOOL concert and they had 4 people working...REALLY?  Waiting for 10 minutes at the bar He made a comment about the Phillies hat  I was wearing and walked past(he had a braves hat on). We got up and left after about 10 mins went by.  The ""New"" Jacksons on 3rd is worse than the old Jacksons  but later found out they have a new owner and I sat down and talked with him. He's a good guy and we may network together in the future." qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg  like the old-school ""Bad word"" jars when you cussed.  The waitresses should be able to just walk over and hold out the ""Bad comment"" jar and make them pay up.  Guaranteed ""he got caught"" standing ovation from everyone in surrounding tables.  It's a thought..." "Its been years since i came to this hooters.  i used to go here every time i visited my sister in AZ or my friend a ASU.  South Park Wednesdays were the best. 25 cent wings  a Hooters with actually good looking women to cater to my needs.  Great place to catch play off basketball.  The wings were plentiful and the beers kept flowing.  My waitress flaked on me because a group at another table kept drawing her attention while i waited anxiously for my food as it sat at the window for quite a bit.  Other than that  and the drinks extremely ""well measured"" meaning they are not strong. Hence why I can drink 12 margaritas in a 6 hour period and still be coherent. They sure charge for them like they are doubles though. There are a few girls working here who are very attractive and friendly (not to sound like a dirty old man  I felt like I have had terribly slow carry out service. Waiting forever for someone to take my order  so I cannot comment on their selection.  I can say that I frequent this Hooters a few times a week.  It is a great place to unwind and the location is amazing.  This is the perfect time of year to sit on the patio!"  I will say this - DO NOT bring your kids here.  Nothing says classy good parenting like hooters - there is a reason there isnt a kids menu." I agree with Kimberly. Hooters is hooters. However I disagree with her rating! LOVE THIS PLACE!" Your tater tots were good and my blue moon was reasonably priced. At least you have that going for you." It was odd for me to see a kid's birthday party in the restaurant on Sunday This is my last Hooters review. The only reason I'm writing about this one too is the service or shall I say the friendlyness here was left outside the door. With 5 other guys after a Cubs vs. Diamondbacks game and we were respectful but just didn't understand the cold shoulders form these girls. It was awhile ago and I'm sure it's not the same wait staff. I'll give this one another try if I go back and see another Cubs & Diamondbacks game. "Stay away from this hooters. Bad food KuSP1Mb3xq2Qbmk1n_-ZjA The service here blows. That is all!  and the girls act all put out when we point out that no one ordered half of the bill that they're trying to charge us for.  Keep an eye out on that receipt." Regardless - parking issues aside - a really fun time with a good group of friends.  A good spot to hit before a movie or another bar!"  I love Hooters wings when done the way I like - this Hooters does not listen to you during the take out call.  Asked for extra crispy wings; got extra soggy!  I know you get what you pay for "Overpriced food with shady looking waitresses. This antiquated concept chain needs to go away. If you want to look at boobs We went there to get some good chicken wings and the big problem was that they were cold! I have had better chicken wings in other Hooters.  the beer is over-priced and now most of the girls are not even hot anymore.  Additionally it didn't help that our server was new and didn't smile or look happy to be there at all.  We pretty much had to beg her to smile at least a little.  Don't think i'll be going to a Hooters again for a while  bonne cuisine americaine et surtout pour les garons...jolies serveuses en minishort orange trs charmantes" The bottom line is that you go to hooters for the sports  I sat inside first and went unnoticed for 10 minutes. Then a fight broke out so I moved to the outside bar where there was no bartender. Twenty minutes in I was getting up to leave when waitress finally asked if I wanted a beer We came here a lot last fall/winter to catch football and hockey games due to our lacking of a television in our house. Basically any sporting event you can imagine will be playing on one of their many flat screens!"  service is always efficient and available.  I always have the buffalo chicken sandwich which never fails to satisfy my bar food craving." qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg  but this hooters definitely makes it worth the trip."  service stops once you get your food." Decent wait staff and the food is okay. Not the best Hooters but definitely not the worst.  had to ask. Food was mediocre and so was the lemonade. Stick to the wings and beer and you'll be fine. Service was very slow on our second trip but they were busy. She made up for it later. Would I go back? Yeah. But just because it's Hooters." "Waitstaff suck... Unless you have testicles. I love Hooters wings  shortly after this review and was pleased with the results of our conversation. Since the Up-sale was really the only issue  beer and young girls in 80's style outfits. Is what it is."  you'll get the same food and beer at every location. They have a great happy hour and not so great food. Good eye candy All the servers that work here are very sweet and friendly." qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg  and you get a girl that is tan "Me and some friends wanted to get some lunch and decided to head over at this location. This was my first time there. We walked in and nobody greeted us at the entrance and we decided to walk over to one of the open tables. We sat down and waited for about 20 minutes for a server to come by and finally stopped one of the servers. I noticed that there were one bartender and two servers. The server told us that someone will be with us shortly. We were ok with that but it was not busy at all. then after another 15 minutes or so  just super attentive and on point. the only slightly-annoying-but-not-a-huge deal issue was that I had  my table and was there for over an hour watching the fights. Once teh place started to fill up Just watched a guy in a SF Giants cap flip burgers with his glove. Gross.  i was brought over 4 sliders that were the size of meatballs. they were all medium well to well done and they were served dry. yes "I don't know what happen to Hooters? My roommate in college use to work for one in Houston so I have frequent Hooters a time or hundred in my life. The quality of the product has no integrity it is so nasty  this location is pretty good. I hope I didn't jinx myself with this review :)"  they wouldn't have gotten any. The beer was good and cold...like it was posed to be. The place was LOUD too...which actually worked in my favor and helped to distract my kid. Other than that  no apology given and no arguement from said waitress when all 5 of us got up and left (despite having a fresh bottle of beer delivered to the table). Ding! Ding! Ding! Probably means that this is not a singular occurrence... Do not go! :(  #gross" My party and I finished eating our food and the wings had not even come out. I had to ask for them twice and the last time I asked for them to go. I didn't even get to eat them at the restaurant. Worst of all no one apologized for the delay or for anything. Possibly the worse service ever. I will never ever go to a Hooters again. I can find better wings and service else where. So if you want to eat good wings and bad service then go for it. Should of been a zero star rating." I cum to this Hooters whenever I'm in Phoenix.  Close to hotels and Starbucks. Last time I went I had a sliver in my index finger from climbing a palm tree and falling. Our server didn't have tweezers but summoned her inner MacGyver and took it out for me using a staple. That itself is worth 3  stars. Food is what you  expect from this chain. Go for the wings and to watch some games. Worry less about the service and you'll be fine." Never going to any Hooters again. 1) Flat Ass everywhere. Eat some of the wings and do some squats. 2) They increased the price of the endless wings for the new year yet the wings got smaller. The manager said that it is because they are being charged more. They might want to think about changing suppliers then. 3) To charge for every ranch dressing is asinine. We asked for one ranch each and she brought us a ranch every time we got our next plate of six tiny wings. Never did our server Ashlea tell us we were going to have to pay for each ranch that we did not even ask for. At least the beer was good and at a decent price. I think we will stick to Zipps! I will never go back here.    Didn't like the service or lack there of or the food." I'm not sure I'll come back often as it's really not my scene but I was honestly surprised it was as good as it was."  while another waitress sat with a couple of guys. We waited for about 20 minutes and still not one of the waitresses offered us water or any kind of service. I raised my hand hoping to get one of the girls attention and still nothing. We waited a couple more minutes before we decided to go to Tilted Kilt a few blocks away at City Scape. This is not the first bad experience I've had with Hooters but that just solidifies my decision on not visiting Hooters again." "Go in for happy hour fairly often. Love the half priced wings. The service at this location downright sucks The only disappointing factor was the fries. They were really stale - just not crispy or tasty."  then another 15 minutes for our beers. Waited another 30 minutes for our wings on wing Wednesday and my friend didn't get his crab legs for 1 hour and 10 minutes after we ordered. Over all it ended up being a 2 and a half dinner after a 12 hour day of work we were not expecting. The 4 of us had our own tabs and the waitress screwed up every check. We felt hostage Venue was very clean and orderly  the service is poor and the food is worse. They treat u very poorly and when u ask management if they can resolve an issue they belittle u and tell u to leave. Never will I go to hooters again  but this was the 1st. 1st and only time I've ever let a hooters place hungry. I've enclosed pictures. These were by far the smallest portions I've ever received in years. I'm dead serious 10 boneless wings (2 sauces) and 10 shrimp (Cajun) and these pictures are all I got. It feels like they cut the wings in half and then served them to me. These were appetizer portions for a full meal price? I'm extremely disappointed. So much so I asked the manager about it. All I'm getting is a shrug and a ""blame our distributor"" reason for why the portions are so small. I'm seriously feeling like I've been cheated. For the record he offered me another order but I felt so ripped off I didn't take him up on it. I wish I had. This was really disappointing. My server was great There's nothing wrong with the place A few of us local regular co-workers tried to eat at Hooters for lunch.  We were told NO separate checks due to a convention.  We said we would leave if they couldn't separate the checks and asked our server to verify with manager.   Management would rather lose a sale then separate the checks and did not care that we left!     BAD MANAGEMENT!!! "No one at front desk to sit us. A waitress finally passes by and just tells us to sit any where. We pick a table in patio... no mens yet. We wait and wait. Finally try to get a waitress. Waitress comes over and says we can't sit in this area because it's closed off. We saw the sign but our table was not in that section Ill give it three stars because the food was delicious! but the service is kind of slow and the girls aint as nice as other hooters. with nice i mean gentle and customer serviceable. they seem like they are fatigued or tired or even lazy.  plus not all of them our hooters material if u know what i mean. at the end i wanted to buy some hooters gear and they didnt even knew prices. i also found a hot chick. the only one and took a picture. thats the reason ill give them 3 stars. I'm 67 years old and they wouldn't serve my wife or i because we didn't have our id's with us. They have crappy wings anyway. If I could give it a negative 5 I would. My fiance and I went there for dinner last night and both of us ended up with food poisoning... I started throwing up at 3am and my fiance stayed home from work today because he can't leave the toilet. I don't not recommend coming here......  Not only that the manager was freaking out on an employee right in front of us.... Not good for business... Eh ask for we'll done burger but wasn't well done service good I supposed but not a place I would go to again anytime soon Nothing was special. Would have been 3 stars if not for our hostess experience." I'd probably go back again if I was stuck nearby and this was my only wing option Got a ceasar salad and some sliders to go.  Very average.  Not terrible.  Not great.  Slightly overpriced.  I usually like the wings at Hooters.  Maybe I should have stuck with that choice." "I can't believe I actually went to a Hooters for the first time in 20 years! I had the new grilled fish tacos and a large Dale's Pale Ale. The fish tacos were EXCELLENT!! I could not believe it!  Last time I was there they had wings Walked in to have some quick appetizers before a movie. We were sat immediately which was nice being it is mother's day. We sat down no waitress came to ask for our drinks or introduce herself. We waited for about 30 minutes before I had to get up and ask another waitress to bring our waitress whom I didn't  know who it was.. still after no waitress after 20 minutes and the place was not even busy. We just got up and left. Horrible customer service!!!!  she said that we didn't tip her enough on our last visit... But she must have confused us for someone else. Haven't been back since  it was a much needed cosmetic update to a great part of downtown. It's a hooters so the waitresses are friendly  it is very unlikely that I will return anytime soon. The negative reviews didn't lie."  beer. and/or wings served by hotties in bikinis while watching a game on the multiple TVs.  I know that Hooters is supposed be famous for its wings as well as its female servers with big boobs  that was last night and this afternoon I am still feeling sick from their food. I'm in the military here for an event and truly upset that I will be feeling this bad over the course of my work day and even more so knowing that my fellow service members will be settling for the mediocrity of this restaurant simply because of our hotel location and lack of transportation." Horrible service the waiters are ass they see you and don't even get your drink or order ! "Used my birthday email coupon for a free order of boneless wings on 10-30-15 friday around 10pm.  Was greeted at the door.  I sat at the bar.  Bartender was nice and friendly.   Service was fast and efficient.  No reverse happy hour so I only ordered 1 draft.  My wings were very good and I had the Daytona sauce.  No ranch cuz they charge but that's always been like that at any Hooters.  I watched the Suns game.  I took some fried pickles to go for my wife.  Both bartender and hostess said goodbye.  Ambiance was great.  Wasn't crowded.  I parked at a meter next to Hooters.  If u can wait till 10pm All I have to say was food was very crappy! I got my son the kids meal chicken strips with fries and let's just say I was scared to feed my son!! Chicken was skinny and gross looked like it was put into a microwave and was just re-heated! Wings are super hard and have NO MEAT. I have been to this location many times over the years. I was walking by the restaurant and I asked the hostess if it would be okay if I used the restroom. She said she couldn't let me in and she wouldn't even ask the manager if it was okay. I will never go there again Great service and the fish and chips were great. Our server was on top of it and very attentive! Will come back for sure Julia was great !!  let's just say it is typical bar food. I ordered the Grilled Fish Tacos and of course they were bland. But honestly  worse food. I would not recommend this place. Do not get fish and chips I went to Hooters after a meeting with some friends. This was my first time and my last time. I got the spring garden salad  with chicken. The chicken was awful on the salad. Something in the salad was offputting. A friend suggested I try a wing. The parmesean chicken wings were not fried hard as requested. I put my salad in the trash. I always heard the food was good so my surprise when it didn't pass muster.  next to the amc n some shopping. Small venue n staff is kinda lacking speedy service. Just ok from my opinion."  ""I'm sorry my manager said he can't right now. He's too busy?"" Like what? Then I heard the hostess tell someone a 15-20 minute wait and the restaurant wasn't even full. There are so many empty tables. The staff is really overwhelmed for no reason. The wings are really small. I asked my server if Parmesan garlic wings were wet and she didn't know... Plus the food took forever! My game is over." Was there for the super bowl and the server was amazing but was never told I had to pay for my sauce ranch blue cheese. I had asked to talk to the manager about the bill and he walked up saying your going to pay for the sauce or I'll call the cops first thing out of his mouth. Then I went to leave and he came outside talking crazy and said Broncos suck and was getting all I rate. Finally the black manage had to tell the white manager to go back inside the one that I had the issue with. None the less he is a very unprofessional manager and should not work In a restaurant I will never go back . He is rude and the black guy is nice the white guy just trash you should be ashamed to have him as your management team. FIRST WORD IM GOING TO CALL THE COPS FOR NOT WANTING TO PAY FOR SAUCE. White boy white short hair and a little beard going on skinny and to chase me out of the bar wow how sad. Figure it out or I will call all my friends and tell them what happen want a call back.  not really my problem. Poor management is Hooters problem and they need to fix it. Worst hooters I have ever been to and not consistent with the brand." First time I have ever been to a Hooters. Not what I expected. Nice ambience for this type of place. Great looking and friendly girls if that's what you're into. Great service and very attentive. Pleasantly surprised. The food actually tasted delicious!  she would display the deer in the head lights look and say ""I don't know.""  We went there for happy hour on this Friday late afternoon in February..The restaurant was not busy. Service was very slow Haven't been to a hooters in a while because I had a bad experience with a manager in Burbank which I was a local customer for 10 years and I didn't feel he treated his employees correctly and I won't go back till he's gone. But I will tell you he could use a lesson from the hooters in Phoenix. The manager nick was very caring and so was Jen. The food came out fast and everybody was awesome to us. Thank you Will never go back to this Hooters."  we sat at the bar and the service was bad. I sat with my husband and had a difficult time getting the attention of our waitress who seemed more interested in the male dinners. Will not return anytime soon  an hour before closing time and the manager refused to sit anyone.  It was not even half full when we showed up and even with all the people we saw turned away "Came here with my sister last night before a screening of a movie to get some drinks. It was pretty slammed because NBA finals were on but we found 2 seats at the bar no problem. I got my ole faithful COORS LIGHT!!! She got Patron Margarita! The bartenders were slammed but were great at checking up on us and making sure we were ok. On our refills another bartender made my sisters drink and when my sister tasted it right away she knew it was not patron. The Original bartender quickly fixed the problem and made her a fresh one. It was great customer service  see you guys on July 9th.  Save me two seats!!  :-)" Hooters all around downtown phoenix are horrible and on 75th Ave! Bad service needs to have  restructuring with staff to improve customer service.  but the salad looked sad and brown. I'll still come back since this is the only wing place close to the office." This place is pretty cool otherwise -- massively huge desserts (I nearly went into sugar shock eating their brownie with ice cream -- the brownie was bigger than my hand) and staff made up just like Alice Cooper." "I just had to go here to check out a place owned by Alice Cooper.  I ended up getting a meal that was good and gulped it down with a nice beer. A bit dark but hey  staff has always been friendly.  Food is good too (which doesn't always happen at a ""theme"" restaurant such as this)" "This is a cool rock 'n' roll bar but the food isn't anything spectacular so I don't recommend stopping in for dinner. But Coopers'town is the perfect place to chill before a concert or game with a group of friends. There's a large patio and the staff is cool. And it is one of the cooler bars in downtown Phoenix. On the weekends Tech Note: Alice Cooperstown's website looked very familiar in style. A quick keystroke to Hard Rock Cafe's website showed me why." If you want a fun place to go for happy hour  I have bumped up my star rating to 4 stars. I have tried a few more things on the menu and I highly recommend the crispy chicken wrap...it is delicious! The atmosphere at Coopers Town before a game is awesome and is a great spot to hit before a game. Plus how can you go wrong with $3 Bud The place is kinda nice inside but I'm SOOO not into the Themed Restaurants.  They were cool for a week but that week has long passed." i think the food is pretty good and a nice place for lunch since they are pretty quick and have alot tables to sit at.  they have great happy hour specials... and the best part is that all the servers have that really freaky eye makeup...  so I was happy. It's a diner with flair. How can I get the big-gunned black-t-shirted waiter dudes wearing make-up to call me ""sugar""? Hmmm... help me out here."  so we came back and ate more.  Little disappointed that more game-goers didn't party at the bars after - kind of weird.  Since they are a block from the park.  Ah well  and you can purchase overpriced Alice Cooper t-shirts and other stuff the whole year around." "Let's start with this; my waiter was a 30 year old guy with eyeliner caked on. Okay... that's it Cooperstown does have an outdoor stage and can be a nice place to catch local bands." Same goes for the service--it's always fast."  and I agree with another reviewer that the make-up is a bit cheesy (especially since they only do the bottom half!) but it adds to the atmosphere.  The locals say you can even catch a glimpse of Alice here when he's not on tour." I'll go back when downtown or maybe take an out of towner."  it's done in an alice cooper theme. there is a large variety of collectable rock and roll memorabilia on the walls signed by a variety of artists. there are gigantic tvs for any sports fans. these tv are seriously huge. the menu is fun and is fairly extensive. the food has always been really good. they have burgers The service was very quick and efficient.  I see no reason to go anywhere else before a D-Backs game."  save the guitars and album covers neatly arranged on the wall and the service dolled up like Cooper in his heyday. But really Thanks to Jim B. for the recommendation to come here.  It gave me conversation fodder :)" The goofy staff ""uniforms"" didn't bother me at all.  My waitress even charmed the kids -- despite having trademark ""Cooper"" eyeliner This is a place I hope stays open forever.  Good prices too.  Really good for the area and what you would expect." "Nice sports bar atmosphere right around the corner from the Phoenix Sun's Stadium.  Decent prices for food near the sports arenas and plenty of screens for the avid sports fan to get their fix while downing some beers with the boys (and gals that enjoy sports).  My eyes kind of hurt looking at the font of their menu themed restaurants are for the lamez of the world. they do have some bangin hot chicks working here. but nothing to get myself worked up about. next it will be McFarland's and it will become a lame comic themed bar. or worse. why do our local celebs blow?"  just steps away) and to drink (or sober up) after them. It has a family friendly environment that will make anyone in the family happy to attend." TGI Friday's. Chili's. Applebee's. Cooper's Town. These restaurants/sports bars seem to come out of the same factory. I was really hoping Cooper's Town would be different food-wise. But the menu looked terribly typical of what you'd find in any ol' diner. I had the vegetarian quesadilla out of hunger and everything else looked terribly deep-fried. It was decent but made with regular cheddar or American cheese--so definitely not special. A person in my group had a Vodka gimlet that he said was all Vodka. The waitresses with eye make-up and other thematic elements of the restaurant didn't do enough to disguise the fact that this place is nothing short of mediocre. Maybe I'll upgrade if I ever go back and try something else on the menu and like it. I recommend this place to people who insist on taking their poorly behaving children out to eat I like checking the out sports/music memorabilia.. I can recall a lot of the concerts I have seen everytime I visit Cooperstown..  The staff is always friendly and the food is always prepared properly. I hope to see Alice there sometime.."  the servers and bartenders are all nice and friendly....the ""Bare knuckle stout"" beer is awesome!! and the ""Big Unit"" Hot dog is something you gotta see for yourself........and if you are an Alice Cooper fan like myself is a plus....you'll have a great time."  you won't feel empty if you skip it.  It's just too much money to spend on very bland  hot link and brisket. The nice thing was that each item had its own sauce.  Another cool thing was that there was a neighborhood festival going on that day so after I finished my lunch  lead one to expect ""good."" A better execution of this restaurant's menu and improved service would lead to my adding a third star in the future."  but they also have some delicious vegetarian options as well. The pasta pomodoro is excellent. They sometimes hold intimate concerts in the outdoor area."  Alice doesn't live here anymore.  And we told you so.  Schools out." "I wanted to stop by here while I was walking around downtown Phoenix.  I came in just as a Diamondbacks game was finishing.  It was DEAD inside.  I sat at the bar and ordered water and a margarita.  It was the worst margarita I've ever had.  There was so much strawberry syrup and it was so sweet that I only drank a few sips The staff is usually friendly and the prices aren't too high. This is the only place I can find really good smoked meat!"  and nothing ever really strikes me or disappoints me.  The food is okay.  The waitstaff is okay.  It's normally pretty empty when I go.  I think if you're gonna have a cool concept then stick to it and make it stand out.  I get the whole dark makeup thing  but don't pile on the girlie perfume to try and hide it. Every time a cloud of some sickeningly sweet perfume and Marlboros as she rushed by carrying someone's drink order. Although I did appreciate the two drunk women at the bar who fell on the floor a few times and were clearly having more fun than I. Not worth the drive from Nor Phx." and if you're trying to get laid.......don't just dont." Good food and ice cold drinks meet Rock music!  A first choice before or after any event at USAirways Center or Chase Field.  The place fills up quick on event nights so show up early!  but it didn't interfere with my enjoyment so to each their own."  but I'd definitely eat here over the inflated prices at the game."  but ordering a two foot hot dog named 'the big unit' after MLB Pitcher Randy Johnson just didn't sound that appetizing to me."  the food is good and the service is always up to par. I enjoy this place because it is a shrine to two things I love: Sports and Music. Right next to a platnum record is a Diamondbacks jersey. How great is that? The menu is also catchy with things like a one foot long hot dog called ""The Big Unit"" in tribute to Randy Johnson of course. The menu prices are more than fair and I highly recomend drinking some beers here before you go into US Airways or Chase Field to save your self some money."  lots of seating & lots of rock-n-roll stuff but the food  good food - the worst service I have ever experienced. We will not be returning."  but I'd go in the evening when there's possibly more atmosphere around." I better stop my review now." Fun time eating burgers before a Diamondbacks game. Burger was good.  Hot dog was huge. We like the mix of baseball and rock memorabila.  BBQ in particular has gotten really good & whats this? THREE local beers on tap? Yes my Friends this is a place to try once more! The servers still wear makeup like the COOP himself and I must say there is no better pre Suns game hangout! GAME ON!"  is don't let your drunk friend wander off by himself.  If you walk into the kitchen when looking for the bathroom Then we went to the D-Backs game and watched the Brewers win by one run. I'm not from Phoenix and don't live there either The service was attentive and quick for being so busy.  Neat place to go overall."  it was a good meal. As crazy as it was it actually sat well in my stomach and things worked out well later too shall we say. I would love to see the place on a packed night but I do not think I would be that adventurous enough to make the trek to see it in action." Order the Wings of Mass Destruction.  I've only had one waitress who was not so good and I've been going there for years. Lots of room and it gets packed! I LOVE their blue Dean Martin Margarita and the veggie quesadilla. My husband is a big fan of the Devil's Ale and Pratt's pulled pork. The prices are very reasonable and I love that they offer mandarin oranges as a side. They also stock my favorite hot sauce instead of just Tabasco. Lots of fun stuff to look at on the walls and always a good mix of sports on TV.  Always a good time." The service was great and quick. The place was clean and the staff was friendly." give this place a try next time your looking to kill time before a dbacks game. I wouldn't go anywhere else (aka don't go to the mexican joint on 7th street because its over priced and lame)"  not friendly and only somewhat attentive. It was interesting to see that all of the employees had the Alice Cooper make-up." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  but there is a small but good beer selection to cool off the pallet. If you are downtown for a game "This is the greatest restaurant I've ever been to.  But I love rock music.  If you hate rock music and baseball and you have no sense of humor great place to chill and watch a game... its right across the street from where the suns play.  had the adam richmond big unit hot dog that was on tv and it was ok... more just something to get people to come in... the wings were good though... I just like the restaurant to chill in.... wish they had one in CA  but a great atmosphere. It was middle price range and a decent amount of food. Saw it on Man VS Food and tracked it down when in town. The family was excited and it was a fun experience. Lots of room I hope to see you there sometime before or after a Sun's or D-Backs game!" Expect to pay $15 or so per person." The bartender on Sunday was cool. I spent over $60 but the beer and food was worth it"  etc.) and like it here. Food and Drinks are good enough. It is easy to get to A fun place for out-of-towners." The food was great! The overall atmosphere was fun. The issues with the one bartender were  chili cheese fries and burgers are some favorites there. It's also a cool place to bring some out of town and rock fans."  but not impossible without a walk to find on Suns' game night. I also understand if you can go to the restaurant during a basketball game this is the best You must try the big unit hot dog bases loaded! It is amazing how large that one hot dog is and is great to share with a group of friends. We all have different tastes but all of us enjoyed it. I wish more fries came with it though because it is equally as amazing. Eating here always has a fun atmosphere. 2) Parking is a bit of a downer.  Pretty much all paid parking; I suppose you could find unpaid with a farther walk but  and a side salad. Everything tasted good and it was really filling. The service could have been a little bit better but I was so enthralled by the large televisions playing Sportscenter and all the concert posters on the walls that I didn't really mind. I definitely can see myself going here again after a basketball or baseball game."  but its still a great place to check out when you are in Phoenix. I was there during the Christmas holiday so it was dead downtown which means awesome parking but also made me wonder where everyone was... All in all a fun place if you are down with Alice Cooper and large beef franks.. Oh  definitely a sports bar with huge damn screens.  Nice place.  Nice time.  Thanks." This restaurant is just like a Hard Rock restaurant.  Most of the servers there wore makeup like Alice Cooper...that was pretty cool."  they just reminded me too much of kfc wings :/.  All in all just the atmosphere made me really enjoy this place" Beware of the big unit.  Seriously." Cooperstown is a funny little establishment and a great place to go occasionally or on special occasions. Just beware of the BIG UNIT!"  atmosphere is really fun. The food is good Good food. The service was extremely slow and the hostess couldn't get her wait times anywhere near correct. The bartender was slower than a snail.  but it was a tuesday so I think our waitress could have been faster. When I'm in Phoenix again I'll want to go back."  great food and cool decor"  warehouse style sports bar just makes me giggle (""Where Jocks and Rock meet""...hahahaha).  The face paint on the waitstaff was just cream.  FOR A SPORTSBAR I would give this place a second chance cause service was good but no recommendations till then. Very disappointed with my dish  so I thought the decor was fun. The restaurant really deserves 3.5 stars since I enjoyed my entree but my friend was so disappointed with hers. Would recommend for out-of-towners who like sports and rock." "Fun place to go with friends for the first time. Had to try the 22"" hot dog. Friendly staff and lively atmosphere. Good location  then a famale server takes our drink orders. It wasn't organized at all. Then my friend ordered a beer on tap and that didn't work. So she just ordered a bottle which was $5.00. I ordered the chili cheese fries. The chili came on the side "I was one of 50 people who went there to get Adam's Big Unit.  The service was top notch and they move fast and get work done.  And the hot dog was sooooo huge and soooooo good.  I shared my picture of eating the big unit with Sebastian Bach and he commented back on it because it was so enormous!  It had great flavor and my favorite brioche bread.  I will be going back to attempt the dog on my own.  I am a tall skinny girl but I have a true appetite so I will definitely get that 22"" hot dog down no problem.  I highly recommend Cooperstown.  It is a great place to have good food and have a great time!"  great set-up. Really as good as it gets. It looks like they have great lunch specials too. I" The best thing about the night was being with my family.  Overall  as long as I don't get the disappearing act server again."  ever since we saw it on Man VS Food. Finally had our chance and we were disappointed. We ordered the BIG UNIT  I thought with the size this dog would have problems! Just because it's big! Doesn't mean it better! But this was not that bad. Wife and I shared an order of nachos Overall the food was decent.  I wouldn't make a special trip down to this joint but I'd eat there again if I was already in the area for a ball game." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Yes we went here because it was on Man vs. Food! We were suprized how good the food was. Husband had ribs and LOVED them. I had a buffalo chicken sandwich and it was very good too. Service was friendly and quick. Good place for groups. I really dint care for this place. the music was blah and the out door seating was lame.The only cool thing i saw was the big unit. A home wrecking size weenie some old man was trying to deep throat. Best Sports bar in downtown by a mile. If you are lucky you might even get to meet Alice. The big unit is an amazing dog. As for the rest of the food I have never had anything bad and I have been going since it opened back in the day. Also a fun place to watch a show. I think this is a spot you should check out at least just once if you're in the area. Could be a good spot for after work drinks when you're just in the mood for a few drinks and something to snack on... not necessarily dinner."  this is a great sports bar and a must-visit for spring training regulars." Overall a fun good time. Good place to bring visitors. We were here on a Saturday afternoon but I'll bet this place rocks at night on the big outdoor patio." The sandwich which I had been yearning for since ordering it came and I removed the top bun and expected to see a saucy meat mess and was let down I saw shredded beef and little sauce  which never happened. We ordered an appetizer of salsa and chips which never came out. People seated after us were receiving their food and we had not received our appetizer! Our waitress noticed we hadn't received anything yet and went to go check. Magically our whole order was done and our appetizer came out WITH our order therefore it went to waste by that point. A little too late. My mashed potatoes came out luke-warm and were cold after a few bites. My husband didn't receive his beverage he ordered til asked about it after everyone else received their drinks. The food was nothing special but not the worst I've had. After our experience Great place for a beer  before heading to Chase field too."  nice draft selection and good tunes. It will likely become tradition before future games."  the atmosphere was killer and it decor was cool."  but it was worth a try when we were in town. I ordered the Cuban Sandwich and it was good. I would try something else on my next visit to town Does anyone know how frequently Mr. Cooper makes appearances in his restaurant?  I'm just curious..." A perfect spot for pre/post game fun." What could easily have been a run of the mill celebrity owned restaurant tourist trap is actually a fun There were very few customers on a non-game Thursday night so it was not that noisy.  Overall experience was ok.  Prices are ok.  The hotdog was a bit on the salty side but surely something that one must try out at least once." Very fun tourist place. The staff was nice and the food was what I expected for a place next to a ball park and downtown Phoenix. THE BIG UNIT was a big hit...everytime someone order one they would ring a bell and yell BIG UNIT...it was cute and funny for the first 30 minutes then it got annoying. If you visit Phoenix it is a definite place to stop and visit for lunch and atmosphere.  I tried this place for food and I will not be going back or recommend to anyone I know.  Drinks only OK!!!  2 words describes this place:  Tourist Trap." the drinks here are better than the bar food!"  it's sure to be jam packed from floor to ceiling. I've seen every type of person here from the out of towner older gentlemen entertaining .... younger ladies.... to families taking down the super gigantic hot dog that Adam Richmond dominated on Man Vs Food to college student drinking the entire bar up before the game. It's a fun atmosphere Cooper donates a lot back to our community. A friend of mine from college received a scholarship to Grand Canyon University funded by Alice Cooper. Support local! :)" oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Atmosphere and service are okay. So nothing special but hey it's Alice Cooper  but less than an hour later I was hungry again. To drink I ordered the microbrewery SanTan Devil's Gordo Stout for $5.50. This was a very sad beer; watery Decent for drinks or watching sports but don't make a mecca for this place. The big unit I had was below average. Bun was hard. Hot dog was flavorless and chilli was bland." MAN vs FOOD AIN'T GOT NOTHING ON ME!!!"  tons of football to watch and enjoy.  Would consider coming back when my baseball travels bring me back out to Phoenix for a Dbacks game or more Fall League.  I want people to ring the bell and scream BIG UNIT for when I tackle that giant hot dog."  the overpriced drinks make it a place you should pre-game before you head to for sports viewing. Clearly this place relies on its owner's renown for its reputation and customer base more so than it's ability to be a quality location."  however was not at all impressed with the food and service."  but definitely enjoyed it. If I get this again when in town OH - and drink specials every day. I'm in!" I really think I am going to steer clear of this tourist trap from here on in. If you want some really good BBQ  nothing bad about this place at all. Came when there wasn't a sports game so it wasn't crowded :). Would come back just for the seasoned fries.. mmmmmmm." "Such a disappointment. I came here around Christmastime with my family and it was a Friday afternoon/early evening and the place was a bore. There was no interesting or exciting music like you would expect from a rock legend type bar. The food was alright. We shared an appetizer platter called the wildcat combo which was really tiny I think once was enough and won't go back. Unless we win or be given a gift card." Don't forget to ask to have our face painted at the front!"  but the service is excellent and the food even better.  I have yet to try the Big Unit  but she was very nice and I enjoyed my lunch. I definitely would go back to try something else on the menu." I can't really comment on the atmosphere because we were seated outside  the bell rings.  This is close to CHASE FIELD AND all of the sites in DOWNTOWN."  prices and atmosphere. Not a place a go out of my way for The wings are awesome! Good place to go before a game or event downtown. Food is good and staff is nice. It's always been quiet when I have been there but the only drawback is they close I believe like 10 or 11pm."  wonderful vibe. I will be returning here." "A group of us went to try the ""Big unit"" 22"" hot dog. I have to say that it was delicious and more than plenty for one person. Yes  HD TVs and five giant projection screens! Top this off with giant portions of good old fashioned man food. Parking Awesome place! I like the memorabilia on the walls.  a super annoying bell goes off and all the wait staff stop what they're doing and yell ""BIG UNIT!"" That got old after the third one. I definitely couldn't work there. The big disappointment The fully loaded big unit is huge.  If you like hot dogs you must definitely try this.  Parking isn't that great though as you are right next to all of the stadiums in Phoenix and all the parking lots charge outrageous fees.  Try and find street parking if you are lucky.  so you probably won't need refills. There are plenty of huge screen TVs located around the dining room for watching sports. There are also many rock memorabilia pieces located around the restaurant." Stick with Zips in Scottsdale." "Welcome to Alice's overpriced tourist trap nightmare! Food is expensive and totally tasteless. Seemed like they used generic frozen ingredients for all the dishes we ordered. The fish fry and fish tacos were the worst. Seriously Enjoyed it through and through. Had the big unit hot dog. It was actually delicious. Will go back whenever im in Arizona. Oh! and the waitress was very nice.  with a choice of several plates named after an athlete or celebrity." It's always been quiet when I have been there but the only drawback is they close I believe like 10 or 11pm."  but when we sat down we didn't see our waiter for about another 10 minutes! I know it is a sports bar and it is going to be noisy but this was just unreal! The T.V.'s where turned up so loud that we couldn't talk to each other at our own table! After trying we resulted to just sitting there watching the T.V.'s without talking to each other! We even asked a worker if they could turn down the Sound just a little bit and they said it could not be done! I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and it was one of the worst i have ever had! It honestly tasted like school cafeteria food! The fries where some of the worst i have had! i do not know how you can mess up french fries but they easily managed that! Then in the end i had to pay for all that! I will never go back! Dont fall for the Trap like me!"  its really GOOD! The prices for 2 was great. The only down side to the restaurant is that the service wasn't all there. Its a great place to have good food." Not a bad option in the area!"  I did not like our waiter who didn't seem like he wanted to be there. He never really checked on us  and we waited a long time for our check to come. Service = Bad. Food = Good."  very courteous and attentive service. Great atmosphere and decor (love the old music memorabilia). The Veggie Quesadilla was awesome. Will definitely come back (perhaps when the weather is nicer... it was 102 at 10pm on the night of the show)..."  friendly and on top of things plus they elicit the ""Alice Cooper"" image in a very accurate way (although they did a not bring me a snake-thank God). Rock N Roll Would've been nice to have known the price of beer.  It's not posted on the menus.  Had the San Tan Hopshock IPA.  Very tasty but my main quibble is we just left the baseball stadium.  Why are you serving me 12 oz in a plastic cup for $5.50?  Left the stadium to escape that ding.  Eh Lets just say this place is awesome! My sister in law ordered that huge ol' hot dog and shared it with 3 different people. I had a bbq chicken salad and it was pretty good and a very decent size. I wanted to take the cup home that they served our drinks it!  It is a fun place to work out and if your kids are scared of dark make up I would definitely steer clear of this place!!! But fun place to just enjoy a good lunch/drink or two! "Food was tasty. When did I get so old and begin to think every restaurant  I had to wait nearly an hour between time of order to time of serving. Don't go there unless you are very patient."  I thought it would be a hit. I am new in town so I decided to check it out one afternoon. I went on a Wednesday for lunch and sat at the bar- they boast half-priced lunch between 11-3 and have various items half off for each day of the week. Wednesday was 50% off their salads and meatloaf. I decided to go with the Bruce Lee asian chicken salad and coupled it with a nice Pear Cider. I loved looking at all the memorabilia and the bartender was super nice. My salad was disgusting  and the big unit i took without beacon and it was awesome.""" I'll come back for sure!!" oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Also I kept the bone just in case." Thanks for the PTSD Alice Cooper!" "Two words: Big Unit!! Just try it...you won't be disappointed! Make sure you share it If you in town recommended that you stop by even just to heck out the merch.  Great place to take family after a game or out for a fun night." I'd go back in a heartbeat when I'm in Phoenix!  Hats off to Alice (who apparently only shows up every few months what we got isn't on the menu anymore? just wanna log for the records but we got some time of sampler  and my little brother and it was so fun. We watched the NCAA tourny on all the big screens and their food is so good. My lil bro got those huge hot dogs. Good memories to look back on." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  we all had out share of it. But my Aunt Sue was game and actually ate most of it!! I had the Rob Zombie Burger! It was great  2 ribs (awesome).  Other dishes enjoyed by our group include the tuna casserole and meatloaf.  This place has great comfort food!"  and the wings were big and solid in flavor. BUT THE BIG UNIT IS BIG DEAL AND UNREAL! 2 feet of dog with chili  like plain ol' lunch meat. Overpriced and definitely not worth it. Don't waste your time or money!"  records etc on the walls. We loved our experience. We had the Unit. Very good but needed tums later that night RUN don't walk from Alice Coopertown!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  but 4 stars is still ok. Had the Big Unit. The quality of the dog is delicious including the baguette it comes in. For $15 though "Really the perfect place to go before any sporting event in the area. We came before going to a Fiesta Bowl party at the Diamondbacks stadium just down the street. There is plenty of parking nearby and usually plenty of room inside or outside to get even a sizable party seats. They have a good selection of microbrews (a trait that is so often overlooked in sports bars) I wouldn't make this a ""must visit"" place but if you're in the area "Hot diggity dang this place is just of the hook tasty.  The big unit is this huge amazing hot dog  VERY rude bartender. Left before getting waited on!" "Man I cannot wait to go back!! The bullet wrap is delicious as is the asian chicken salad and wings! Awesomely fun atmosphere ""where rock meets jock"" all the novelty of the great Alice Cooper (WE'RE NOT WORTHYY!) alongside ginormous flat screens everywhere Can only conclude that Vincent really cares about the stuff that has his name on it." Yucky I didn't think the food was very tasteful and it was overpriced. oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Came here just for a HH drink.  We had all had lunch & weren't hungry.  I'll come back when I am.  Cute names on the menu for their food items.  I was tempted by a lot it.  The local IPA was perfect.  Santan I believe was the name.  Feel sorry for all the staff who have to paint the black marks under their eyes.  unless you are a die hard Alice Cooper fan. And if you are there as a fan DON'T eat the food. The food is low grade ""pub grub"" (frozen food that's been deep fried). Service is slow & totally apathetic."  decent prices...and it's a wonderful place for kids too.  Not too many of those.  Cooperstown has seen us before and will see us again and again."  but it felt like no one cared anymore about general upkeep and food quality. Too bad."  and cool place if you are a harcore alice cooper fan. not so much a fan of the food  excellent downtown location."  themed waiters. How cool? Not sure how the food is overall because I've only been once but everything looked pretty solid. I ordered the ""Big Unit"" because that's like the staple thing to get here and that's what my friends told me to get so I did. I knew this thing was big from the beginning but damn Can be decent for a gathering of the masses to watch a game  happening place to hang before the game. I was impressed to find that they have a pretty big brew selection and even a few gluten free ones for me. That would be a cider for now. But I am learning. The staff was friendly and helpful. We sat at the bar because I like fun places Don't think I would ever go back.  Plenty of better places to eat downtown." Bottom line - great place to grab a few drinks before the Diamondbacks game but not a lot of food for vegetarians." Place is pricey - its a tourist trap but its a fun atmosphere and  near the ballpark" I celebrated my birthday at Cooperstown and had so much fun. The food is great and the atmosphere is awesome.  but too much bread. Great bloody Mary bar on Sundays. Good place to watch sports. Sometimes they have bands on their outdoor stage....and sometimes Alice visits." "We stopped here to eat before we went to the game. The food was EXCELLENT! The service was amazing as well. We had a mushroom burger This place isn't for everybody who is not into the genre. We did enjoy it and will return on special occasions. If you go make it a week day for lunch. It's probably when you'll get best for service. They are located near Chase Field Cold beer good food good music and a cool staff ill defiantly come back!  looks like they place would be a freaking party-house nightmare on a game night." I actually thought we were there on a night there was no baseball games as that part of town as very quiet.  But upon leaving saw all the streets blocked off in anticipation of the fans leaving after the game.  This place had always been jumping the other times I went there.  We were able to find street parking on an adjacent street." I love this place our waitress Sara Jane was awesome I will be coming back. Oh one more thing parking is not easy."  just warm-- I split it with my husband. It was $16.99. You can get it with all the fixings but we got it with relish and onions. Nothing special.  I also got a dinner salad (mostly iceberg with rings of red onion "Oh yum! We had a great time at this restaurant and the food was wonderful. I would have liked bigger portions Ok I know my review is a bit late but oh well :) . I came in here when I visited Arizona when the LA Dodgers played the Diamondbacks back in April of this year. This place was cool! I had the big unit and it was soo delicious! I would definitely recommned this place. The dudes wear make-up like Alice Cooper and the outdoor patio is nice when the weather cools off. Solid 3."  and the chipotle pasta (with cut up hot dog in it). Worst barbecue ever. Seemed like it was made a week ago and microwaved. Nice place to have a drink and watch a game There are better options nearby...pass"  *that* bad.) And I devoted a Yelp review to it as well (here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/arena-park-place-l-p-phoenix#hrid:yi7CY8WilX73OYj7Tl6YjQ) If I had a choice I wouldn't park here. But it is right behind the restaurant. Just be aware of potential customer service issues."  it's a cool place. Especially if you like big wieners."  and those suggestions stand. They get 2 stars for location and a nice array of TV's for game day. They lose 3 stars for poor service "Meet a friend from Washington DC recently at Alice Cooper'stown and had lunch.   It was a real treat.    We ordered the ""Big Unit"" a 20"" long hotdog.    Probably one of the best hotdogs I have ever eaten.      Also had a platter of various snacks and finished it off with a baseball mitt size brownie topped with ice cream and whipped cream.   I was very surprised with the food.     I found it to be great and look forward to the next time pack.     Great place to kick back enjoy a beer and  the environment.    Great wait staff." It is a shame the rest of the competition is being held there. The kids deserve so much better."   Great!!  The sports vibe was fantastic!  Everywhere you look big screens with the game on.  Platinum and Gold records on the walls!  A very festive atmosphere!  The food was very good!  We had the bases loaded Big Unit.  Worth the $!  Very Big Been wanting to try this place once I seen it on MvF.   Okay so I tried the 'Bases Loaded Big Unit'.  It was good.  Could not finish it all.  Very cool atmosphere with Rock 'n Roll and sports memorabilia. "the best of everything food and atmosphere  the side dishes are weird. Mandarin Oranges and apple slices don't really belong next to a burger  knob-heavy component stereo system in their living room.  I would walk around their house pretending I was cool and ignoring--or at least attempting to ignore--your nightmare: I couldn't look you in the eye.  At Cooper'stown  my party shared the big unit hot dog. They really need to put a lot more chili on it. We had the jalapeno coins appetizer  service was good..couldn't get the hockey game on I wanted but I guess they are more for suns or d-bcks. I'd probably come back again.."  I was convinced there wasn't any good food in downtown Phoenix. The next time I'm in town  good and nothing fancy. It is just a fun place to take people or hang out when you need to be downtown."  perfect for catching a few games. It's no short on entertainment. The plus on service was that our server was very conscientious of the short time line we were on. The opportunity that could have been gained was asking for refills for beverages  I was told the wait was 35 to 40 min... an hour later I asked when we would be sat and I was greeted with three girls and nothing but attitude. When I asked why people who came in after us were served I was told that they were either ""friends"" or investors.  20 min later I approached them again noticing that nearly everyone that came in after me had been sat. I was told that they called us which was a blatant lie because where we were waiting the intercom was so loud it made my granddaughter scared every time they used it. Come to find out when we asked the first time how long the wait would be they put a mark next to our name which made them believe they called our name when they had not...genius!  When they figured out their mistake all I teceived was attitude and NO apology. So we asked to see the manager  the atmosphere is super and the wait staff is pretty friendly. I had the big unit hot dog and it was quite tasty but I could not finish it. The food was quite good as was the place itself with the decor was pretty cool. The music was rock as expected and basically this is a better version of Hard Rock Cafe." I'll be ready to go back the next time we happen to be in Phoenix." "Too many restaurant gaffes in one night. Forgotten drinks "Decent food.  Came more for the atmosphere and to yell ""big unit"" every time someones orders one of their giant hotdogs." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw "Had to try this place out...how can you go wrong with a big hot dog and Alice Cooper. Really cool stuff inside  food did !!!!  They also have a Big Unit as well with no toppings .  Perhaps next time i'm in town for a game i'll attack this one.  I also love how they ring the bell when your order comes out and the staff yells BIG UNIT !!!  ( Big Unit being named after former DBacks pitcher Randy Johnson ) .If your in town for Spring Training That being said the food was below average. The club sandwich was dry and lacked flavor. The restaurant was also really large and seemed cluttered (probably due to all the memorabilia)  I'm sure Alice Cooper fans probably appreciate it!" One suggestion: this place would be even more fun if the staff looked like they enjoyed their jobs. Not a lot of smiles or friendly small talk." Don't miss out on this experience! GO!"  kinda just comes across as a typical sports bar.  I really don't think I will go back in the future due to our food and service being bad."  couples or singles and looks like it would be a decent bar in the evenings. Sort of reminds me of the Hard Rock Cafe  yummy! The service was super friendly and loved the music that was playing. It was like they hacked my I-pod. The only reason for 4 stars is the place could use some updating otherwise it would've been 5."  this place is worth a visit for the fun and novelty of doing so. I had a lot of fun here. Despite the place reminding me of my grandma's house."  getting you your food and check quickly so that you're not late.  We tried the BBQ and it was pretty good for a generalist kind of place.  The menu is quite extensive so it's sure to have something for everyone."  but whatevs.  The food is all around satisfying and I'm definitely making Alice Cooperstown a regular place on my list." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw The atmosphere was the most interesting part of coming here. It is a shame that Alice Cooper would let his restaurant stoop this low. This is definitely a busy model focused around profits and not quality or satisfaction. This restaurant would never survive without its namesake."  nothing special. It's worth it for the money. Don't expect anything special. It's just a fun place with great sports on all the TV's." "Me and my family have lived in Arizona for the past 4 years. We always talked about going to Alice Cooperstown but never got the chance...until tonight!! It was pretty darn cool oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  but he's a super picky guy and I think he went in there already deciding that he wasn't going to be happy. I will be back Fun if you're an Alice Cooper fan or need a bar to get sloshed and watch games at. But this review is just for the dog." Truth be told I was disappointed each time I visited - not sure why I keep going back." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  no other reason to come here cept maybe for at t shirt other than that not worth a trip here "Went here while in PHX on business with a friend who lives locally.  Thought it would be a good place to have some dinner since i love BBQ.  No such luck.  Nothing seemed like real BBq  just over cooked and tasteless.  Very Chain resturant-y So if you find yourself in downtown Phoenix give Cooperstown Sports Grill a try "What a great environment! The place is full of energy. The big unit was a group pleaser! Our waitress Since it is a large place the noise level does get high when crowded." "Haven't been here in awhile. They changed some things like the bread and they skimp ed out on mushrooms and cheese on the shroom burger. Still tasted good  we will never return!" I would probably recommend checking them out because the price is reasonable for what you get."  great atmosphere and good service. Plenty of TV's to watch your favorite sports." Been there about 5 times since it opened and the food has never been good.   Not much on the menu and very bland.   Service isn't the best plus you have to pay $10 to park.   Doubt I ever go back. Don't forget to yell out ""Big Unit"" when the bell sounds." This place was awesome. Tons of awesome memorabilia all over and great food as well. They even had an Elaine Benes big salad on the menu from Seinfeld. A great place to go when you're downtown especially before or after an event.  Arizona we stopped to order a Bases Loaded Mega Dogg from our favorite restaurant in Phoenix Arizona to take home.  Only thing is home is Moreno Valley California!  5 hours away!  Long story short Awesome place. Great food. The Service is great. All in all just an ok experience." Very greasy and food tastes like it was not fresh and prepared and frozen.  Bbq meat tasted old.  and was able to talk to him for awhile about the restaurant and tell him how much I liked the food." Disgusting & disappointing!!!" Would definitely go back here when passing through again."  the server made a million mistakes and I'm pretty sure was high on something. But I love heavy metal and Alice Cooper too much to give this place a bad review. Even though it wasn't that great "the burgers were the same as any fast food place. it had a nice atmosphere "We are DBacks season ticket holders and like to eat before the games at different places by the ballpark. We had bad service one time before at Cooperstown when they forgot to call our table and they put us outside in the corner after a 2 hour wait.  We heard there was new management so we came for another try.  When we sat down we waited 15 minutes before waiter came by.  He rudely said ""sorry I'm busy."" This time was worse then before.  We ordered the $17 brisket and turkey breast for two.  We got 3 slices of brisket and 3 slices of turkey.  We sent it back and the food runner got pissed and gave us attitude. The manager came and said sorry but we are working on our portions and when I saw that go by I was concerned.  But he didn't do anything until we complained. We left and the one thing I think sizes it up is that they didn't care. So disappointed!"  but luckily we beat the rush. Nothing else on the menu really leaped out as must-tries dGyYmoqSfIxIU8tNkBfvkg Definitely not something I'd make a trip for exclusively but great way to kick off a trip to the ballpark."  and good service. This a fun place to grab a drink and/or late lunch before catching a Dbacks game."  I would think this would be a busy day for them!  There are few good sports bars downtown for families (not Hooters or Tilted Kilt) so it's a shame." Overpriced and microwaved.  Eat more than 10 feet away from the game and enjoy a meal.  even when we got lost and the host on the phone helped us by giving us step by step instructions to find the restaurant.  Our waitress was great! We had the big unit  just great music. I think the best thing about the place was the atmosphere We had a great time watching all these young and very talented musicians! We can't wait to come back for the next round."  they were crispy and plenty of them but the cheese didn't have much flavor. I got the turkey sliders which again has minimal flavor....a little salt and pepper never hurt anyone during the cooking process!  My boyfriend got the ""no more Mr. Nice guy"" as his main entree...wasn't impressed  there aren't many choices for me on the menu.  I selected the fish tacos.  They were so-so.  They came with fries and cole slaw.  Nothing really stood out with my meal.  Everything was pretty mediocre.  Had dinner and 1 drink and left.  Won't be back when visiting again."  Alice Cooperstown is a great place with a ton of character and better than average bar food. Just what you're looking for before and after a game....or any other time as well!"  only advised by employee sweeping off patio. Had checked their website before leaving home (45 miles away) and no notice on site. 4 year old grand-daughter named Alice was so upset as she wanted to see ""a boy named Alice"". Will never return!!!!!!"  and Mike just to name a few.  It's a great place to come watch a game ( so many TVs) or hang out after any sporting event.  I love going here and randomly catching a band playing on their outside stage.  The food is definitely worth trying as well.  Some of my favorites are the Mac and cheese and chicken sliders. If your in the mood for some spicy add the jalapeo coins to your dish." Special shout out to Alisha. Bomb diggity server. Quite possibly the biggest smile on earth." Super fun family experience! Order the kids the big unit and the brownie with ice cream! Lifetime family memory! Not even Alice Cooper fan but he hit a homerun with this one! Great vibes and very fair pricing!  and Mike just to name a few.  It's a great place to come watch a game ( so many TVs) or hang out after any sporting event.  I love going here and randomly catching a band playing on their outside stage.  The food is definitely worth trying as well.  Some of my favorites are the Mac and cheese and chicken sliders. If your in the mood for some spicy add the jalapeo coins to your dish." I always take visitors new to Phoenix here."  and chicken tenders. I figured I'd be able to try a bit of everything. It's an amusing little joint Had the man vs food  big unit it was a well flavoed hot got the last was worth its price the staff was also very friendly will definitely try to go again if I am ever in the area  again We had a groupon and decided to try it out. It wasn't hAppy hour and my draft bud light was $5. The appetizers were so-so. It's a great atmosphere and would be fun after a game. "Great lil joint downtown phx. . People are friendly especially Jeremy! ! I will be recommending this place to everyone.. great live music I went there today and the food was bad the prices were high and they really screw you on the double platter deal. Do your self a favor and go somewhere else's. I would love to go back again. They are closed most Sundays. Unless there is a major event downtown. You should check their website before going down on a Sunday."  the waiter retired to take my still half full cocktail away ...though the atmosphere was fun.  I don't think I will be back anytime soon."  but wife would be reluctant to return."  slow and unorganized hostess staff. Waited 2 hrs and never served. Apparently the customer Isn't always right at Cooperstown. What a complete waste of time." Will I be back...no! I can take my business elsewhere downtown."  and then we got our food and discovered why.  I ordered a salad with grilled chicken.  I could have received a better salad at McDonald's.  The lettuce was wilted and looked straight out of a bag.  Half the chicken was cold and half was warm.  My husband ordered the ""platter"" with two meats and two sides.  He received two measly portions of meat and the sides????  BBQ beans from a can We've been back a few times since our first bad experience. I'm glad we gave Cooperstown another chance because we've had great less crowded experiences since with awesome food!! Cooperstown is one of our must stop restaurants when we are downtown!! "We eat here every time we got to a game. I love their salads and fries. My husband always gets the sliders. They taste good and aren't a dry slab of meat. Sadly the outside doesn't have servers so if you want to eat you have to order inside and then take it to your seat. The only thing I don't like is the very load alarm they ring when a person orders e big unit. My son freaks out and has fit. so  we had a decent visit. I feel think might be more of a place to stop in for a drink before a game of some sort place was packed but service was good  and pretty good beer selection.  Hubby and I ordered thier BBQ combo platter.  It came with a a mix of 5 meats and 2 side of your choice.  My fav - surprisingly - was the turkey and the link.  Thought the turkey would be dry - um NO way.  Verrrrrrry good.  Had the Peach beer  typical bar food. Nice design and decor inside. The outside patio for bands is cool. Always a very loud environment inside. Plenty of big screens to watch sports."  since they ring a bell every time one of the Big Units comes.out of the kitchen.  The wings were great (have to order chicken in some.form at a place owned by Alice Cooper)."  which helps give this place a great Rock & Roll vibe- just like Alice Cooper would want it!" The food was good..the service sucked!! We waiting 30 min for even our waters then another 15 for a drinks!! I didn't even get my food order!! So I had to wait another 15 min!! The music was good and the ambience was fun!!  he was really unsure. nevertheless he came by and gave us our drinks . He got them wrong. He fixed it but then didn't come back for another 25 minutes to take our order. now that part we weren't really annoyed because we had conversations and drinks in front of us. When he finally came over to take our order we wanted an appetizer. Now it would have been nice to have gotten an appetizer right when we gotten our drinks because then those 25 minutes wouldn't have seemed so bad. ... A food runner came out shortly after and brought us our appetizer. It then took another 15 minutes for him to come back to take our food order. The food came out just right thank god. But  After about 10 minutes you would expect for a server to come over and ask you how the meal is  but it is big and has flavor.  The servers have all been friendly and they wear the Alice Cooper eye make up.  They ring the bell and yell out every time someone orders a Big Unit and it comes out.  This is a great place to come to Worth a visit if you happen to spend time in Phoenix." Food was great. We had the most amazing server named Bailey!! She was helpful without hovering and knowledgeable about the menu and options! When you go ask for her!!  smoked? You say? Well yeah like a 15 year smoker on the patch. In Alice cooper I do not trust."  but nothing overboard. Welcome to my Nightmare chili loaded was just ok. Crispy chicken salad again just ok. Atmosphere ok but of course in the whole place that's open they put family with two under two kids right in middle fucking up the atmosphere. Nice touch. Hey Alice I will never come here again." From Seattle area big fan of Alice Cooper food is outstanding and extremely fair priced I was a little worried because some celebrity owned restaurants can suck but not here great place BBQ Is great tvs everywhere and cool rock star memorabilia all around the restaurant not just Alice Cooper's stuff  the memorabilia and wall writing can keep you occupied for many So it's an ok place & glad I went.  I got no time for tears it's just another touristy restaurant." Last night's entertainment was a wonderful surprise! Most talented group I've heard in Phoenix ! Ratio Band! Every musician was top notch! Great waitress and outdoor experience. Will be back and looking for that band again..  the huge portion that of ""man vs food"" is overrated and the price doesnt go wth the taste  It is within walking distance to Chase Field also so its pretty easy to get to before or after a game." Interesting spot downtown.  We were on our way out of Phoenix and needed some lunch before we left.  We stopped in just after they opened and were the only people inside.  It remained a pretty quiet Sunday for them with only one other table showing up before we left.  Service was friendly but minimal.  We ordered two burgers and they were cooked well and tasted great.  Their bloody mary mix is really thick and not that great but I was hungover and needed it.  We were able to get in and out in about thirty minutes so that was nice but just nothing overly impressive here.  watch games and have good food and drinks.  If you're looking for a fun and unique sports bar in downtown Phoenix then check out Alice Cooperstown."   but on the other hand I came here to try the food. I honestly wasn't blown away.  I ordered the Reuben sandwich which is a pretty standard dish. It came with fries and coleslaw. The sandwich was very small and very expensive for that size. 13 bucks seemed really steep and with a drink and tip you can not eat there for under 20 bucks. The sandwich itself was cold and very greasy. I had better. The fries were tasty but the coleslaw was stale. Our waiter was really nice and attentive and its not his fault that the food isn't great. But the joint has a nice atmosphere and I might come here again just to have some drinks since my office is around the corner." This is my son's favorite restaurant. We come during off game times and the food and service is wonderful. They give the kids Alice Cooper face paint. The waiter was extremely EXTREMELY NICE!!! Great service and awesome food!!! Definitely recommend it!!!  the atmosphere was good.  I myself am a sports and rock n roll fan and it was really cool that if you wanted to come in just to take pictures Food was not great. Not much else to say about this place. I guess if you like Alice Cooper you might want  to check this place out Everything else was blah... just mediocre." Definitely one of my favorite places to go Downtown!  We enjoyed the appetizer sampler and some beverages.  Everyone is always friendly and accommodating and the food is always excellent!  Sarah Jane and the whole crew for paying such attention to us on Saturday!  What a great time.  My nearly 80 year old father really loves this place and with good reason... Get the bbq sampler platter While on vacation I saw this place on TV and decided to make the drive to Downtown Phoenix and stopped by. The Big Unit caught my attention and boy was it big. It was delicious was able to share with someone else. Seems like a good night spot to hand out and if your lucky I hear Alice shows up from time to time. Nice venue!  Many successful possibilities because of variety of restaurant areas. Too bad booking manager does not follow through with promised dates to bands. Ratio Band found out the hard way their gig was cancelled.  Too bad.  Alicia and the hostess were fun. Looking forward to bringing our friends to the restaurant." "I went here with my boyfriend for dinner and the food was so good! I got the big unit hotdog and he got the ribs. The hot dog was just as big as I imagined and an alarm sounded when they brought it out. Lol. That was a nice touch. The ribs were tasty. The meat fell right off the bones. Its a cool concept inside  I make an effort to get to." It was entertaining but I'm not sure I'd come back." "Can't say enough about this place. The environment was cool. Nice outside are where you can enjoy a beer while waiting for a table. Staff was friendly and it was packed! Had a couple buds and some food while waiting for the Dbacks game to start. The ""Man vs Food"" hot do was the biggest hot dog I've ever seen in my life and was actually pretty decent with all the stuff they put on it. Kudos to Alice's Cooperstown for this cool place to eat." I got the smoked brisket. It's was alright. Maybe I'm just not a brisket guy cause it was dry and bland. The wings were good and I liked the ribs. I love this place. I always get the same thing though. I get the green pork chili nachos. AMAZING!! Love the environment and the atmosphere!!!!! Convenient location for dinner before a sports event or concert! The food was delicious. I recommend the Maniac Mac n Cheese!  The bacon cheeseburger was good as well with a small cup of chili that comes on the plate. The margaritas are good and strong. On a Saturday night the wait to be seated was about 15 minutes which was not bad considering how busy it was there. Staff was very friendly! Will definately be back again.  The taste was top notch and I felt bad for not being able to finish the last 1/5 of the dog. The wife had the maple garlic wings which she loved. The daughter had the mac and cheese that was just a bit too heavy on the cream and could have been a bit less soupy. But that aside This food is abundant. Wife and I are large people. We shared the big unit and the wings. We washed it down w a total of four beers. We both walked out very full. "There is a large selection of memorabilia and beers on tap.  Several people ordered ""The Big Unit"" Hot Dog because they announce it when being served. I must say the size of the order lives up to the name. My sandwich meat was chewy and a little cool. I would go back again and take more photos." "I love Alice Cooper so I figured this would be a cool spot for lunch.  I was a little worried that the touristyness of it would ruin the quality and that the food wouldnt be that good.  I was totally wrong!  The food was fabulous.  We shared an order of sliders and the pork green chili nachos.  But were seriously good.  The sliders come in 6 so we had two each of chicken One star knocked off for location.  Only crazy high priced metered parking everywhere.  I blame the city of Phoenix for this.   But free parking should be a constitutional right."  and auction items are available." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw For lunch I grazed at Alice Cooperstown. I had No More Mister Nice Guy and Desperado playing over in my head. I was not brave enough to try The Big Unit hotdog but several patrons did while I was dining. The portions are generous and staff is helpful fast and friendly. My third time there. Food delicious. Atmosphere hard rock and is very energizing. Went to buy my brother a t shirt. He is a HUGE Alice fan. Have not tried the big unit or bases loaded but one of these days I will. We have been wanting to go here for a very long time but never seem to be in the area.  Finally we went.  I love the dcor.  From the waitresses made up with the iconic Alice mascara to the autographed posters and guitars there is so much to look at.  We had the spinach and cheese dip as an app.  It was served with plenty of warm chips and the dip was very good.  My wife had the Cuban.  She said it was very good although she didn't care for the bread it was served.  I had the corned beef sandwich.  I am a corned beef sandwich whore. I love a great Rueben.  The sandwich was ok.  There was an odd flavor that was hard to pinpoint.  I believe that the meat was smoked which may have been the flavor that I kept picking up.  There were also a few bites that had very tough meat in it.  Over all I would go back to try something else.  Another thing that somewhat threw me was the price of the draft beer.....$4.16 for a Coors Light draft!  That's a little....ok a lot.....steep. It's just metal enough to not scare away average people and sporty enough not to alienate artists. It's the perfect blend...plus Alice Cooper owns it  and that is just not how you take care of customers. The only reason this gets 2 stars and not 1 is because it is a cool spot with a lot of awesome rock memerabelia." We both really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere of the place however they could really improve their service. Knowing they are close to the arena and will have large crowds during concerts and such We came her before the rattlers game and celebrated my son's 11th birthday. Our server was great even gave my son a huge dessert for his birthday.  My Aunt who orders quesadillas everywhere she goes said this was the best quesadillas she's ever eaten!! Good place to come before a game.  went outside and waited over 30 minutes for over priced mixed drink.  Finally got a table and the waitress was awful.  Food was cold The food was not good. Service was decent and the place looked a little run down. I really wouldn't recommend this place. Maybe get a beer but not the food. ate here my last day in AZ and loved it the burger was very flavorful and tasty. not a chili fan really but the chili there was pretty good too. the waitresses were all beautiful and wore the eye makeup like Alice Cooper. went because of man vs food but loved it all the ambiance was similar to that of a hard rock cafe they even play alice cooper songs oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  maybe too high. The service was excellent. We were served really fast and very well. The food in general was ok. It was not extraordinary but all was good. I had the Big Unit Bases Loaded and this was the shining star of the day. The sausage itself is great quality. The toppings were ok. I'm giving four stars be aside the service was very good. We may come back Got a grey goose vodka tonic that came in a little plastic cup with a bunch of ice in it. I basically drank it in 2 gulps. If I'm buying a premium drink it should be served in a glass. Also I should get more sips out of it then two.  Then I had the beef brisket... well if that's what you wanna call it.. that was Luke warm like it was sitting out for 15 min before it got to my table.. if you wanna call that BBQ then I must of been high because that was the worst brisket I've ever seen or had.maybe the 2 sips I got off my drink got me drunk and I must of lost all conception of taste.. all in all I never come back here to eat I'd rather go to tilted kilt or copper blues.. at least they have glasses to give you with your drinks. I also was with 3 other people and they all got plastic kiddie cups with their drinks as well.. we spent $158 on shitty drinks and crappy food.. we all we're not happy with our experience here.. and will never come back  chili and cheese and I'm sure I'm leaving a few others out. Good to split with someone and worth the price."  we picked a slow time so we could get to know the place  etc. I wanted to ask the hostess about possible merch but she totally dismissed us. We still held on to hope and ordered food to once again be let down. DO NOT ORDER THE PULLED OR SIGNATURE NIGHTMARE NACHOS!!!!!! It was burnt and embarrassing to receive. I DO RECOMMEND THE FOUR PEAKS BEER ON TAP. So my final suggestion  game over and in this battle of Lenny vs food I killed it. Best moment of my life." "Great atmosphere. Friendly staff and very good food. I was a little surprised at the prices of the meals. I will visit again for sure The waitress was not attentive to our drinks.  When we finished our beers Very disappointing experience." Parking can sometimes be a little tricky." Great music and vibe as soon as you walk through the door. My wife and I went there before Suns Vs Cavs game in December and had a great time. I would definitely recommend going there for happy hour before any game. oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw "Ordered ""Coops Combo"" plus the mac n' cheese bites to split with my girlfriend. It seemed like a good sampling of menu items so made sense. The mac n' cheese bites were delicious. The chicken tenders and fries were good but I wasn't a big fan of the BBQ pork sliders. The wings were average but the potato skins stole the show- they were amazing. All-in-all I would say 4* food but our waitress went MIA for quite a while when we needed drink refills so that cost them a star." We had the chicken wings and they were great. We like the hot and the way hot sauces. Cool atmosphere. Great place for a beer and American food. "Cooperstown is its usual schizophrenic self. Some menu items are good on a visit  make sure you order the ""BIg Unit"".  It is kinda expensive for a meal that one person could finish off (I could eat one by myself Very cool place! Lots to see and admire! Tvs everywhere and never a dull moment. Even the staff gets into the makeup like Cooper . Food is Alright.. just alot of finger/friend food. "It's about what you expect.  Pretty cool environment with ok food and a big beer list.  Nothing to make you go wow  but the food is better. What makes it different is that it is Alice Coopers restaurant. The servers all wear Billion dollar Baby type of make up Great atmosphere and even better food. Got the bases loaded big unit hot dog and made it into a delicious meal for 4.  don't order it. Place is cute but will not come back Me and my husband ordered the big unit - it was delicious and of course plenty of food! Worth the $25. Our friends were not so happy with their food. They said theirs was bland and not very good. I'd recommend coming here for the ambiance and the big unit - just to say u ate it. We went during the day around 4 and place was pretty empty but looks like it might be cool at night when it's packed. oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  as lunch for 2 was over $30 and my sister didn't even have a drink.  You also have to pay $5 to park.  So Also they offer FREE concerts here during summer months and it's walking distance to Diamondbacks and Suns games. How can you beat that?!"  you are the greatest."  the really big one with all the stuff. It was pretty average. Not bad. It tasted like something you would get at a ball park just twice as big. I'm glad I got to go there  20min to order food then when it came to meeting the waiter/ waitress no names ever mentioned. Refills were a nightmare to get not just soda or water but beers all 3 times. The staff just seemed oblivious to what's been going on when serving customers"  good service and great food! When you walk in there is automatically a fun and original atmosphere. I don't recall our waitress' name but she was great. The nachos were delicious. I recommend getting it with guacamole." The make up they give the kids stains their skin for like 3-4 days!"   dirty grease on a skilled cook top.  Waste of time."  all of the games are on mute so you can't hear them. Beer wasn't cold. Its more of a rock bar instead of a good sports bar. I wouldn't recommend this place for the dbacks games." "Great vibe and great food. The big unit intrigued me for a second until I read what the stuff they put on it. I stuck with their potato skins and brownie dessert. The potato skins were great. I liked that they top them off with fresh bacon. Also  but their eats were pretty solid!" "Great bar. Great food. Down the street from Chase Field if you plan on seeing a game. Definitely when I come into town We ordered the sliders and the BBQ ribs. Both were really tasty. The restaurant was fun and full of music and sports memorabilia. A great place before a baseball game. One final note. There is a silent auction going on at all times. The memorabilia in the auction is certified and proceeds go to support charity."  awesome service.  Love the chili and live music.   Wings r fantastic. Naomii is an awesome server  had a tank top on with a flowered bra underneath.  She had pushed up her breasts so far that any minute I felt that something I didn't want to see was gonna pop out.  This is not Hooters!  There were children  which the owner happened to be there while I was. He was celebrating a birthday or something and obviously he doesn't know good food either because he's celebrating there. Just my two cents."  the Randy Johnson.  Typical barfood nothing with pizzazz. But a fun place to go before a baseball game. Moderately priced. Popplepassions would return." The make up they give the kids stains their skin for like 3-4 days!" Great photo ops we had to go there since we were in Phoenix according to my 16 yr old. Im glad we went we enjoyed the food and the staff were very nice !" We saw many orders of the ""big unit"" go by It's a perfect place to go when you don't feel like getting dressed up or impressing anyone. It's not like going to TT Roadhouse where it's packed and everyone looks at a non-regular like they are an alien. It's also not like going to Jugheads where it can be dark and scary if you're not a regular. Breakroom is the kind of place where it's just really easy to walk in as a non-regular and belly up to the bar and order a pint. Don't let the crackwhores and pimps scare you off. And don't let the fact that it's a bit of a dump turn you off... or do." Only thing unique and vastly different about the Breakroom is that their patrons are bonafide true-blue people probably dealin' with real-life issues - not broken nails  at 5:30 PM.  There were lots of blue collar workers just getting off work and relaxing.  Everyone seemed to just be enjoying their Friday night.  Some other reviewers said they didn't exactly feel safe I probably won't go back for karaoke unless Max (bevy of beauties in tow) and/or my Mafioso cousins from the Bay Area are with me."  but its at 48th Street and McDowell and its a Dive Bar. As far as dive bars go... it is definitely a 4 in  my books."  but it has always been a good time and is consistently our fall back should karaoke somewhere else suck or be canceled. 4 stars."  so I'm not sure what other reviewers were expecting. A towel valet perhaps? The toilets flushed and there was hand soap and towels so I consider myself lucky."  & 2 gay guys I was the only other white person there. It doesn't even matter though. The vibe is crazy drunk happy. The women are large & in charge! They all sing along to the karaoke songs they know. No  and I will bump it up to 5 stars if it happens...... SHUFFLE BOARD!!! Bring in a shuffle board and all will be well!" "Thats right 5... One of the best dive bars I have ever been to... Food is awesome and  CHEAP!!! Free pool during most days  a good one i think not. Im a strong believer that if you dont feel comfortable then trust your gut. And thankfully mine was talking to me. I will give it credit as being more of a melting pot than i thought it would be. One night I went and from what a friend that stayed told me there was a gun pulled about thirty minutes after I left. That only backed up my initial thoughts because when I pulled up I was actually a little hesitant to get out the car because of all the activity in the parking lot paired with the stares and glares. Inside though I agree that I was impressed with the wide karaoke spectrum and talent also. The guys shooting pool were no joke either!!! Service wise my only gripe was that the bartender tried to make my drink so strong it wasnt what i ordered anymore. I appreciated the gesture and tipped accordingly but politely asked for another with less of the previous gesture lol. I didnt try the food but if i ever go back i surely will." $1 PBR on Sundays! And other really great specials throughout the week. *** and they even have hooks under the bar for your purse*** totally won me over with that... such a necessity but such a hard thing to find in dives." Nice crowd never been when it was packed....its  johnny's eastside now  I don't know why I haven't made my quesadillas this way (topped with mushrooms must read!  4-stars for sure "My coworkers and I were in town from Buffalo for a work conference and were at work events all week. We were celebrating my 21st birthday and in search of a fun Karaoke bar and we found The Breakroom!  The staff If you want to just relax and post up to a bar Friendliest place in town....I've never seen a cook come out of the kitchen and ask if you would like anything and be so polite and fix you whatever. What a proactive place! Service is great. Everyone is so friendly and always checking up on you. For sure a place you would want to check out. Service was great...The staff was very friendly. I came here to grab a bite to eat with some friends and shoot some pool and we had a great time!!! We just happened to show up on taco Tuesday and the carne Asada tacos were great!!!...I will definitely be back Love this place!!! Reminds me of my favorite dive bars back home! Food is excellent too. "Great dive bar! Polite bartenders and some interesting drink specials. The food is phenomenal and portions are extremely generous. Only dive bar in Phoenix serving Pinot Grigio :-) Drinks and food are reasonably priced. Four well-kept pool tables "Great vibe and good times! Was here on a Tuesday of all nights. Karaoke and pool. Great group fun or if you single and ready to mingle. Gotta eat the chicken wings  the food is delicious and very reasonably priced! Don't miss their wings and reuben. Great place to watch football - plenty of TVs W41CEzdKJe8wdDB-Rd6KJQ  good stuff here. definitely not for people who are used to quiet bars though" Had a awesome time. Adrian was a very sweet bartender and we had no problems with redeeming our coupon. The cook was great and the vibe was good. Even got to know a few people. Everyone was friendly. Only one bad thing we had so much fun I am paying the price today. Lol We will definitely be back. "Not only do I love this place the ""7days in a crack house"" made by Krystal is the sh*t. The wings is the truth to. Everything you order is amazing." "Best pool hall in town... The service was exceptional!! Krystal is the best bartender EVER!!! I will definitely come back to this bar! Oh and btw Nice pool Hall with exceptional service. They were having karaoke which was quite entertaining. Played a few rounds of pool with some old friends and had some reasonably priced drinks. When I make my way back to Phoenix I will definitely stop in here again everyone was very friendly the bar staff was awesome!! The food was great but it was very frustrating that the drinks and kitchen are separate. It does not make sense that we could not pay for everything on one tab. The business needs to figure out that one of the companies pays out the other...etc.  cheap games but I wouldn't recommend eating here. Roach dying on floor. The bartender saw them but didn't say anything. (You should of seen her eyes) It's a dive bar so it is what it is. I still go here but don't recommend ordering food. And at least it was dying right?" Business owner reached out and was extremely apologetic/will fix the issue. 5 stars for good service The bar service is good. What sets this place apart from other bars is the kitchen. Junior hooks it up! The wings are amazing and everything else from the kitchen is amazing. I have never had a dish at this place that wasn't very good.  so were in search of a great local bar. This place is awesome. Casual A little bit of a dive bar but I come here primarily to shoot pool. A little rough around the edges but supporters of O-sports (Ohio State and Oregon) hang out here so it feels like home in some ways. "Possibly the best bar I have been to in Phoenix. If you're looking for a chill hole in the wall place with friendly staff P.S. They have a touch tunes jukebox you can control from your barstool. BAM!" "Meghan and Jason are the best things that could've happened to The Breakroom!  Jason can cook like no one else. No matter what you order it will come out legit  it was early they had just opened. Jason asked if we were ready for breakfast and we ordered the #2 breakfast. 10 min. later he put 2 giant platters in front of us. WOW what a meal  This is the second time I've been to this bar while on business trip. Service is always amazing and although we rent a place in Scottsdale we will always come here. Krystal is a great bartender and never left us hanging. If your in AZ come for a drink and great food! Great place for a burger and beer. Friendly staff and fun atmosphere pool tables and regular people having a good time not pretentious in any way.  sweet bartender with a fantastic sense of humor! My first time here with my out of town friend. She has been so hospitable and friendly. Kitchen was closed when we were thinking of ordering but I cannot wait to try the wings!! They looked and smelled SO good!! I am so glad we came here. I will definitely be back and will share this welcoming bar with everyone I come across!!" "It's all about a good bartender!  Latoya will make you feel at home from the minute you walk in!  And they have a great cheeseburger too!  Highly recommend this place for a chill evening of dinner The bartender Mandy was top notch...the cocktails were expertly made & she was pleasant...not bad to look @ either! Plenty of tv's to watch the games...we had a nice time for a reasonable price. It's a friendly dive bar. Pool and darts and beer no extras. I have never eaten here. The bartender Krystal was great!  The cook even came out and talked to me.  The place made me feel like I was welcome and home.  The pool tournaments they have have on Monday  Wednesday and Friday are great!  I had a great Time! Stopped in here bc it was listed on the Crafty Bastards list but when I asked the bartender about it she had no idea. They do have a few local beers in bottles. Couple on draft but nothing to really applaud.  but it was pretty good for bar food.  And they had some good weekly specials.  They also did regular Texas Hold em Tournaments which were fun to watch.  Small neighborhood spot.  Great service.  Good drink prices.  And for some of us - great memories.  (Shout out to my Synergy Homies!)" The regular patrons that I see in the place seem all to be retired because they are always talking about their golf game or when they are going to golf next.  When one enters the place one of the bartender's automatically know their drink and have it ready for them by the time they take a seat.  It is a pretty laid back environment 2 guys that seem to run the place are usually hanging out at the bar." IgaruuknYwCr9afeDYQ_yw  friendly service. They also get the NFL Sunday Ticket and MLB Extra Innings package so you can check out your favorite out of market teams. If you want good food/beer at decent prices give the Dirty Drummer a shot." "Great dive bar...the service is good.  As soon as we sat down the server came right over and asked for our order.  The drinks were out quickly and so was our food.  They have $2 burgers on Tuesdays.  The decor itself is nothing to rave about  everything was very good and I will certainly go back for lunch." IgaruuknYwCr9afeDYQ_yw IgaruuknYwCr9afeDYQ_yw  sure knows what hes doin!!!"  but I felt extremely welcome and comfortable.  This place is not my usual scene but it is good!  I will be back on many occasions...very casual!  I have never been at night or during events but I am sure it is crowded!  They have the tvs on the walls and they have pool tables I am sure it is a fun time!  Try it if you are looking for a casual bar to try..."  we introduced ourselves to Nicole (the bartender) and she was kind enough to run down their weekly food and drink specials for us. Overall HOWEVER...I would definitely come here again because it would be a good place to watch any sports games."  I cannot figure out why two reviews are filtered. They seem on the up and up. The food service is painfully slow.  This is a place for beer and sports." "Great staff and good food  on this day my better half and I were the only 2 customers in this place. We had a serviceable Philly Cheese Steak. Prices are average I guess. And I have to give it one star for the stupid name." The drinks were cheap and the service was fast and friendly."  I wouldn't insist on going here but I wouldn't rule it out either. I guess I went in expecting something more interesting instead of a half assed sports bar." edit: food was amazing. Fire fries were magical"  it was different. The waitress was friendly and attentive although she was working the whole dining area alone. There are TVs throughout the place "I love this place!! The food is 5 stars it's best and it's not even a fancy restaurant. I love the cheap drinks Its was Saturday night a few minutes before 12:00am and called to see if they were serving food. Was told we were 2 minutes late even though it advertised they are open till 1:00am. You would think Fridays and Saturdays they would serve till 1:00am. But a block up the street Applebee's is open for late night happy hour with half price appetizers and the place was busy. I like to patronize local business. But in this case Applebee's out did a old establishment  just the right size for me.  Decent beer selection though this is not a craft beer hangout.  We will be back soon!" I love this place! Great service and delicious food! Try the grilled wings! My coworkers and I head here a lot for happy hour after work. They have pool and lots of Tvs to watch your favorite game!  the bartender got me hooked on grilled teriyaki ....if you are going to get them pay the extra dollar to grill them totally worth it. I'll have to go back and try a burger they looked awesome and are cooked in wine" "My brother and I make the trek from N Scottsdale to The Drummer almost every weekend.   Jesse makes the HOTTEST suicide grilled wings on the planet - we love 'em!  Service is great and the ""regulars"" are pretty friendly too.  Drink prices are good and there are plenty of TV's.  One of the better ""dive bars"" in the area." "This place has the feel of a place were people go to smoke and waste their life away. The atmosphere is pretty depressing and it has a thrift store feel for the interior design. Drinks and food aren't that different from Applebees down the street.  Tried going here 2x  and both experiences were similiar. I walked out more depressed  the kitchen is all right behind the bar cutomer service from staff exceptional but must say my co workers and I had at least three horrible experiences with owners and either managers or supervisors. Food is not the greatest but a heck of a deal for the specials. Would recommend getting specials because of great prices and just drink "One of my favorite little spots to go to! The food and drinks are very good (wings and Long Islands are regulars for me). Jeanine was a server there the first two years I start going  Jesse &Tebra are awesome."  delicious grilled wings. Easily a great hole-in-the-wall for anyone in the Phoenix area. There is a pool table and a wide variety of seating options. Their sandwiches are delicious as well!" I do wish they would have live music. It seems like it could be an awesome venue." Been coming here since I was 20.. I'm now..... Yeah nice try. The grilled wings have always been the best ever. I wasn't very impressed with servers and its looks like this bar was make for the  old generations. One of the server was eating right up at the bar. In my option that unprofessional. I pry wouldn't be coming back. Not somewhere I would go again on my own volition.  Drive a little further into Arcadia Overall my great local dive bar anytime of day."  it was exceptional. The crust was crispy and fresh (obviously not over-fried) and the fish was tender and flaky. The fries were delicious as well; seasoned perfectly with the ideal balance of crispy and soft textures. My boyfriend got their wings  is a flavor I won't soon forget or forget to repeat!  Excellent :)." Horrible service it used to be great new bartenders suck rude we used to come here often now it's time to look for another bar/dive bar DRAW 10 it is ...last time coming to this place .. "Would come here after softball with some coworkers. Place has really good songs I go the dirty drummer burger and it was satisfactory . Their wings where bomb.com tries both the grill and original both so yummy! The happy hour special today where tacos and that was also good. I'd recommend this for good price for friends to enjoy out. I like how accommodating they were for a large group of 12. We came after work on a Friday and they were very helpful putting some tables together for us. I had a couple happy hour drinks and then we all ordered dinners. I had the Friday fish fry... very good included hush puppies too but I don't eat the fries. Classic neighborhood Sports Bar... how can you not have fun? Easy parking too you can come in the front or the back.  their take out is horrendous. They'll quote you 20min. Don't show up for 45 min to an hour because that's how long your order will take to be ready. Third time in a row that happened. I walked in at the 20 min mark as the cook was putting my wings into the fryer. Half an hour later  been coming here on and off since 1980 when we all came over from Fedmart.  Great happy hour. My favorite are the grilled wings ""honey hot"" great people you get to know." Zombies have taken over this restaurant.  It's more ""Shaun of the Dead"" than ""My Dinner with Andre."""  we're here for lunch so we have to go kinda fast"" they would always hustle to get us out on time.  So is it my spot of choice I mainly go here for the appetizers and beer during happy hour" This location tends to have horrendous service. One time we had to wait at least 30 minutes with empty dishes and cups and no check. We almost just left!" Two stars only if you stay in the bar and stick with beer and appetizers." "It's cheap good food.  Not outstanding but you get what you pay for so you can't really complain.  And lets face it  for making it a little easier to meet people for a quick lunch without having to completely sabotage my diet.  The only reason I'm not giving it more stars is the service - what can I say "Not only is the food overpriced and barely edible  apologize for our waiting time and the food came in 5 minutes after we ordered. What make me even more surprise was the manager came into each table and greet us and making sure that everything was okay and we got whatever we need. I definitely satisfied with the service and it leave a good memories. Thanks Apple Bee's for beyond standard service!"  9pm - Close. Half of drinks (no appetizers)." "What can you say... It's Applebees. If you don't set your expectations too high you probably won't be disappointed. The service during my visit was prompt and pleasant. The cheeseburger sliders were good; they were no White Castle but then  the Manager at 44th street & Thomas has to be less passive to annoing customers who play their rap music on their cell phones. I doubt that we will revisit that establishment anytime soon." "I have eaten at this Applebee's many times over the last 10 years. I think the food is very average and although I do not eat here very often. When I do the staff is always friendly and provides assistance in regards to the menu when needed. There happy hour is awesome and appetizers are 50% off during happy hour. I have had there baby back ribs - It's an American corporate chain restaurant  nothing less. Predictable chain food So of course you already lower your expectations when going to applebees however we have a new low here folks. Within 5 minutes of parking my car was broken in to with a laptop and luggage for a weekend out of town stolen. If that is not bad enough 3 seperate customers reported this to management and did they do they right thing of telling their customers...well of course not. I walked out an hour later and when I reported it to management their response was we were too busy to tell anyone and this is a bad neighborhood so what do you expect.  If you choose to eat here keep your eye on your vehicle and don't expect management to do anything that resembles the right thing for their customers.  Applebees again proves they are McDonald's with wait staff and alcohol. The worst applebees in town. Vehicle was broken in to 12 days ago within several items stolen and still no one from management has contacted me for resolution.  Steer clear of this restaurant. "It's kinda my fault. I should have yelped this location first. But most Applebee's I've frequented have been decent.  The service was good. But the food wasn't up to par. My wife and I had their 2/$20 deal. Spinach & Artichoke appetizer was so-so. Not much flavor. My wife had the blackened chicken & penne pasta. She says it was ""alright."" (I made the same thing at home last week and mine was better) I had the chicken and shrimp skillet. The shrimps were small and just warm. they were probably cooked ahead and spooned on top later. The chicken breast was overcooked and dry. Served with fried red potatoes and a mushroom and onion stirfry  but fast service place to eat supper and chose Applebees. The place was crowded and the wait was 15-20 minutes. I ordered the blackened steak medium rare. It was delicious! My friend ordered the blackened talaptia (fish for Lent) and said it was good. Thanks for a nice evening out I'm giving them 5 stars because they deserve it."  and once they are done flirting with the table next to you  every sentence started with ""I can't"" or  ""You can't"".  The manager made me hate this place even more."  on occasion I do hit a chain. This one was there for a very tired chick who needed some hot food and a nearby Target!" I have gone to this Applebee's countless times and each time the food has been okay and the waiters have been mediocre. I liked the food that they have but for the past 3 times that I have gone. My food took ONE HOUR AND A HALF. That was unacceptable to me! They also didn't give a discount or even sorry for the inconvience. I remember seeing a commerical of how the food needs to be made in 30 minutes during happy hour or it all will be free. I guess that doesn't apply! Its probably another scam to bring customers in. I also didn't give the waitresses a tip each on of the times that the food was late. My friends and I were about to leave because the food took so long to come. I had ordered a simple spicy chicken salad and that took almost 2 hours to prepare. Other people's foods were being made before us when they had clearly come later then us. Probably not going to this place anymore more for late night food. Do not eat here. Terrible. "A week or so ago I went to this particular Applebees and left pretty upset. I immediately went home and wrote a comment about my unhappiness and told them I would never return because of the service received that day (note that this is the first and only time I've received bad service from this location). The next day I received a call from the GM  and prices Are great. But not at this location. The service sucks. And if you ask for a booth table they get pissy with you. It takes forever for them to bring the drinks. I don't like this location. I drive further down the road just for the better service." I sure hope we get a different server if and when we ever return." 0/10 would never ever recommend." The shrimp is good itself with the sauce on the side" Was not impressed with my too oily & tasteless shrimp meal. I walked out wishing I went to Chili's.  but nothing very impressive and definitely not worth the $9.99 price tag.  We sent back the Fish and Chips and it took a pretty long time to get the replacement meal we requested.  Not planning on returning ever again.  Service was quick  kids meals came when we were done eating and they were stone cold!  The one manager is very condescending & could care less.  Could be a major reason this Applebee's is going downhill.  I'll be happy to drive to north Scottsdale or even Elliot. They both have more responsible employees & managers that care."  and now today too. My girlfriend had to leave work she's so sick (I told her not to go into work with food poisoning...) It was probably the chicken wings. At least its friday now so we can be sick at home and not worry about working." This is a great spot to hang out with family and friends. I mostly come for the sincere service and the crazy karaoke nights. But I just found out last weekend there isn't anymore Karaoke by the wonderful host Stew. They are in need of someone ASAP. My father in law is a big fan of singing every Saturday but that won't keep us out. It's kid friendly and even a nice girls night out. This location does get a little busy I did notice that the soap was out and they didn't have papertowels but that just shows how popular this place is and one of the waitresses got to it right away.  I love that 2 for $20 and $24 can't believe it even includes an appetizer. This time I treated myself to their shrimp plate and picked my favorite sides of a perfect portioned fruit bowl and a warm scoop of mashed potatoes. I thought I'd actually get to have leftovers but I devoured the whole meal and had a little of everyone else's mouth watering meals. Having a group of people around definitely benefits you because each meal gets better and better. Too bad we were all too full for all their delicious desserts I'll definitely be back for that Maple Butter Blondie Consistency is everything." I will not be going back for some time. This experience was very frustrating." Their happy hour menu looked really appealing - half off all appetizers & specials on their drinks. We'll probably be back for that." The barista gave me a complimentary cookies and cream shake!  Nice!  My little heart was warmed... :-)" Went there with a couple female friends late night for reverse happy hour and the male bartender was rude and made derogatory remark towards my female friends. When I called the manager over she was sympathetic but I will never go there again "This apple bees is pretty awesome. Everytime I come here I seem to get the same waitress.  Destiny is and princess incredible service. The food here is decent We will never go back.. we have tried twice on our lunch break and our orders were wrong so they had to be remade which left us no time to eat. servers were rude .. we were late both times back to work.  the menu sucks. Anyway we got our appetizer within 8 min then we got our food 10 min later. I got the new pineapple burger which was mostly just meat and bread could hardly taste anything other than that. And it was soooo small. My bf got the mushroom Swiss LUCKILY he saw a long hair strand stuck in the cheese before he took a bite! GROSSSS! We sat there 10 min before our waitress finally came back so we had to wait another 15 min so they can remake his burger that time I didn't want my burger so we just took them both to go. Took about 7-10 min to finally check out. Also I believe the manager past by us and didn't bother saying anything or ask us how we were "I ordered pick up from this Applebee's earlier today and was honestly so shocked at how good the service was that it deserved a review. Every single person I dealt with was polite  I will go to this location simply because of the service we received."  and she was not attentive whatsoever. I myself have worked in the restaurant industry and know how stressful and chaotic it can be but she did not even ask us if we were okay. We ordered the appetizer trio and our entrees after. It took 45 minutes for our food to get to the table  so I panicked and brought it on a business trip. Ordered the baby back ribs and was absolutely amazed at how good they were.  However this is Applebee's YO (and not a good one).  The bartender seriously looked like a crossing guard at the local middle school.  The staff was definitely plucked from the 40-60 age group "I love Applebee's! I've only been to this location but they're always friendly and patient with us. Karaoke nights are also really fun! The food is always nice and warm  after that everything else went downhill. My server was very untidy and she took forever to get my food. She looked like she had just finished her day shift at a pizza shop and forgot to change her dirty apron which was caked with white dust. Brought me a meal different from what I ordered and didn't have the guts to apologize for it. The food came on a skillet which was supposed to be sizzling but it was cold. Very unappetizing with overlooked onions and a very tiny piece of meat. Place wasn't that busy so I fail to understand why it took over 30 min to get my food. And it looked like a dog had passed on the food then it was brought to me. When she asked me how the food was I ended up drinking water." It isn't surprising that this place is only 2.5 stars.  Is there a manager charge?"  and the sauces.  The manager didn't even offer to discount the food and the poor Togo boy was running his butt off trying to make things right for two other Togo customers! Never again will I order Togo from this awful place!"  and a few minutes later they appeared. He didn't return until 24 minutes later to take our order. The appetizers had clearly been sitting out as the dips had dried up on the top. The food literally took 47 minutes to come out after they finally came to order it. When it did come This was my first time to an Applebee's. I had a bunless burger and a salad and both were delicious! The lady came back multiple times to check on is and keep refilling the water. Overall great experience and if back in that area I'd give them another try!  stale beer; I wonder if the floor mats have ever been cleaned. I have received good service here before but my experience eating alone at the bar was horrible. It took forever to be greeted This was the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant. We order drinks when we sat down 10 minutes later my husband got up to go to the bar was still sitting in the the reader and they had not filled it. The manager brought it to the table. Then while we were sitting 25 minutes waiting for our food we noticed another customer at the bar trying three times to get the manager and the bartenders attention by waving. They didn't give her the time of day we had to flag him down and get their attention so that they would pay attention to the people at the bar. Are food came 25 minutes later. And yep you guessed it it wasn't correct. We had asked for water didn't get it another girl came by and asked if she could remove my cup I said no I would like some water please she said all will let me just take it and I'll bring you another glass of water over 10 minutes later she brings me a glass of water. We had to ask for our bill so we could go and when we got it I walked over to the manager and let her know that I felt that the service was inadequate and she said oh you're the one that had to weigh me down she fully acknowledge that she had to be waived down to serve a customer she didn't offer to pay for our meal she just apologized to pick up our bill and Cassius out. Way to go Sally that's great customer service we will not be back  under staffed whatever not to big of a deal the issue was our server. I don't know if she had a bad case of resting B**** Face or what but she just seemed like she was annoyed with our existence. This is when it really gets bad about half way through eating my burger I got stabbed in the mouth by something sharp when I pulled it out it was a bone! Now I'm not the one to complain about my food and it was really good up till the end so I just ate the fries and was just done with the burger. ( I was to grossed out to finsh.)  I wish I would have said something. I have spend my whole day off from work sick as ever. I got food poisoning. I will never eat here again. I'm just so sick and annoyed I spent money to just get food poisoning." Too slow. 25 min to get dessert to go at 10:30pm. Don't see any food coming out of kitchen. So they are not too busy making food. Terrible service and terrible dry food I wouldn't recommend!  I don't know how they are still open! Literally I am going to Taco Bell where I can spend $5.00 and be much happier and better experience.  and very passive aggressive. After we waited over 30 mins for our food she handed out food to us purposely allowing the smoke to go in our faces. When we asked for boxes because we were upset she just said okay and walked away with out asking if anything was wrong. After waiting another 5 mins "Nice place. Not fine dining of course. Clean environment  & happy employees. Had a good time & can't beat the prices for the portions & quality. I know everyone is a critic & wants $1 well drinks or giant kids meals  you have to wonder how a location with consistently bad reviews seems to get occasional 5 stars. Shill much maybe?" If you love frozen food come here and eat... One star for great customer service and one star for my strawberry lemonade drink .... everything else is tastelessssssss...  the girl that was responsible for bringing out out order was rude. She brought me the ticket and then went and complained to another employee about how much she hated working there. Once she looked over and saw how irritated I was I've been coming to this location for two three years... Always clean and never too hot or cold....I usually sit at the bar so don't know the servers well but bar staff are all cool.... Some of the old timers are gone but still a few I recognize.... I used to love the sirloin but this last time a lil too chewy for my style....  They usually have five or six diff draft beer options with one or two taps rotating... They have summer shandy as the only seasonal right now....... All time fave dessert is the Blondie and always will be This place is by far the worst Applebee's ever dirty smells like a MacDonald's play place awful food and even worse service never again will I eat here and I like apple bees but this one was bad food made be feel sick and nothing was remotely clean menus had greesy hand prints on them and on and on. BTW the waitresses are not attractive and that's a must to top it off . Waiter is ok. Food is bad. Cold food and waited forever till anyone came to get our drink order. Worst experience.  the couple next to us had to return their chicken. I guess the cooks like everything rare!"  I mean 5 little pieces... BBQ spiced fries served as regular fries with a spice to pour over? Showed the waiter my burger NO ACTON! BOO HOO." I ordered a mild chicken wings and I got spicy. I ordered medium stake and got well done. I waited for a while for my food. The food did not taste good at all. The only reason I came here was because of their 2 for $20 special which was all chicken--portions are mediocre! I will think again before I go back to Applebee's." I was very disappointed with the food.  The theme for the lunch was dry. The Mac and cheese was...dry.  The chicken was...dry. The wings were...dry.  I don't know if it was leftovers reheated from last night or if they mass cooked the standard dishes in the morning and kept them on the heater. "Great server but when I come in with a toddler I expect a children's menu. I asked twice and never got one. There were 5 tables at the time in the restaurant. I get it  great people for the sit down. The car side to go? Not so much. Very slow  the chips were the kind you bit from the store. Salsa was soo small there was no point. I then ordered the classic burger. It was pretty burnt even though I said medium rare. Had no bacon and it just looked a hot mess! Fries were small portion and soggy. Definitely the last time coming here. Such a shame."  nothing good but the good intentions of the server (Ben) he was the only good in between all the horrible experience."  the brownie we ordered looked like 1) someone had cut a piece off for themselves before putting it in the container and 2) it had been left out for a long time. Also the disappointing amount of ice cream was melted in the 3 minutes it took us to get home because the To Go server put the hot food on top of the dessert container... common sense people.. I sent an email to corporate  but the pleasant atmosphere was almost worth the $25." I am going keep this one short I do wish they gave more and were less stingy but oh well I mean its a sports bar and the prices are mid priced so they pull one over us." Typically Applebees. Friendly service however if you order bar drinks it usually takes a while. I love their lunch specials and the 2 for $20 or $25. "Usually great service. Not going to lie usually they mess up my order but are willing to fix it with no attitude that's The only reason I go back. Food is good My husband and I had lunch there today  my friend jalapeo mango margarita was warm and tasted solely of mango pure. Then the food took 30 mins plus and when it arrived it was cold Service was great all in all. Food came out within 10 minutes. Waitress constantly stopped by and made sure we were doing okay. Will stop by again!" I try to avoid this place as much as possible." The damn waitress just horible! I will be giving this place another shit since my daughter picked this place for her bday. Hopefully we get good service and my daughter enjoys herself.  but our server was what made our experience great!"  and underwhelming service. I'll never go back to this location ever again. I gave it 2 tries  but it was nice to not see them around. They were actually wearing uniforms this time and seemed like they cared about the customers. I don't know what the manager did "Really good happy hour prices! Open late so that's a plus  but of the two comparable restaurants  took our drink and appetizer order and quickly disappeared. For quite awhile. Cue the Jeoporady theme music. Once our iced teas and the new appetizer (tuscan cheese bread extravangza) arrived we sipped and dipped. Not bad.Raspberry tea with an univited yet delighted visit by vanilla and the cheese spread was rich and yummy served with a spot of diced tomato  for a neighborhood chain restaurant  these guys have been at this location for over 8 years and they know what they are doing." cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg  but the greasy chips were a little too much. kinda funny that the buffalo wings weren't greasy at all. my fav's were the spinach dip and the wings. the spinach dip was served in a kettle pan and there were big chunks of artichoke in it. the chips tasted freshly made but were a little greasy for my liking.  i'll give them another try  he was very pleasant and efficient.  Staff over all was nice really  this particular Applebees kinda sucks on Karaoke Tuesday's because the d.j.'s aren't as entertaining as other d.j.'s at other Applebees. I was sad about that! But the host's are so damn nice  pleasantly surprised with the quality & price for a casual dining experience. Thank you Steph It seemed like the food took forever to come out to the table.  I don't think we were complicated just had a lot of people.  Applebees please staff your restaurant appropriately  but that made the atmosphere fun to me. The only down side was the wait to get in was at least 20 minutes to a half hour "Good for a cheap date. Food is okay  but every time i go there I feel the service is not that great the food always takes so long. I got a soup and salad lunchtime deal and it took like 15min which i know is not that long but for salad and soup?? They are never that busy but again the service is slow My first time ever eating at an Applebee's establishment was last Monday. Apparently the have happy hour here from 9-until close. We arrived around 9:30 so our margaritas were only 3 bucks. We also ordered off of the 550 calorie & under menu which consisted on us getting a steak or chicken variation. The food as well as the service was very good. I bought drinks for myself & a friend plus my food brought our bill to only $27. All in all a pretty nice experience for a casual restaurant.  I was pleased particularly with how busy it was."  I ate there on Wednesday and it is now Friday.  I have not had solid food or been able to keep anything down since I went there.  In an area that has so many great places don't go there.  Keep driving east on Camelback and hit one of the many other restaurants on that street."  i would return to this restaurant soon. Maybe during happy hour." Great happy hour prices on weekdays and friendly staff. Food is what you'd expect from an Applebee's. FYI:  Make sure you go you bring your own hand wipes.  The bathroom is nasty."  but not absolutely horrible. Their sirloin choices are perfect for when I want to keep the calories as low as I can at an Applebee's (I really should be going to Sweet Tomatoes next door "My first time going to Apple bees I was impressed with the setting and the food. It became my favorite restaurants afterwards. I especially love the Trio Appetizer. It's a great meal and at a good price. Their wings are the best. Their fries are excellent. The service there is pretty good and most of them are friendly. I like Applebee because of their food  I don't know these fancy drink names. I told her what it was and that it's been around forever. My wife ordered a frozen strawberry lemonade and got a regular. When ordering our food she laughed when I specified no poblano peppers or any spice. I ordered a weight watchers meal as I wasn't too terribly starving. When our food came she just assumed that my wife who is larger than I wanted the weight watchers. I was completely appalled. I spoke to the manager at once told her everything and explained we were leaving and I was paying for nothing. Next time I visit Phoenix this will not be where I go." Always a good place to come. I love happy hour as all appetizers are half off! Makes for a decent break on the wallet. Usually pretty pack especially on weekends. Come early!  and this one has a nice feel to it. I think overall they have fair prices and a good selection. I wish they wouldn't have changed their menu so much. They took away my all time favorite dessert  ice tea refilled on a constant basis. Very very good!" cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg "Decent for an  Applebees. Bartender was a somewhat overly flamboyant gay dude but he was ok. He seemed to stir up bar drama with the wait staff. Other patrons seemed to enjoy his drinks so whatever. It's applebees so the microwaved food is pretty predictable so stick with what you know. Patrons ran the entire spectrum to include an 85 year old white guy regular sitting at the bar gumming down a dry ass steak. This placed lived up to it's neighbood bar identity as I sat next to the aforementioned geezer i love this applebee's !!!! everyone is super friendly!  for dessert i recommend getting the blondie! so yummy Came here for a birthday party with about 13 of us from the office. Food was good and the price was right. I had the lunch combo with the 4 cheese Mac & cheese with bacon and honey pepper chicken and the California shrimp salad. Both were tasty. The best part though was the $.99 brownie bite with a tiny scoop of ice cream for dessert. Just the perfect size! Service was good especially considering how big our party was. If you decided to go to Applebee's for a late night snack.  You should try out the wings."  then 15 min after seated to get iced tea and water. Walked out after 20 more min and no sign of server or salads...."  I did just that and ended up with a rather dry and tasteless hamburger.  I was very disappointed to say the least."  we got up and left. All the host said was ""leaving already?"" Really?! He said it in a tone as if he wanted to know if the table was now 'available'. Will never I back. I am not the biggest fan of Applebee's  but nice place to have some fun with friends and family..."  but I was also charged for the meal that they took back and my meal that I had to wait over an hour for that I never got to eat because it was already so late.  We had to wait another 5 minutes while they removed the first dish from our bill.  I still paid for my dish and the side.  This place was convenient Their quesadilla burger gave me food poisoning. 'Nuff said.  they said it would have to be another 40 minutes because when they had called our name the first time they crossed our group off!!! Needless to say we told them they were the dumbest lousy people in the world and left to eat at Zipp's on Bethany Home near 15th street We went for their new ribs. They were cold then heated up and re served.  Horrible. Unable to eat. Left without eating. Manager was apologetic. Just horrible. Terrible service sitting at the bar for happy hour. My glass sat empty for long periods of time.   A passing waiter actually saw the empty glass and gave it to the bar tender. Sad.  he was very attentive and got everything correct! He turned my experience around for such an awful beginning." "FILTHY! I ordered the 9oz house sirloin via Delicious Deliveries. The delivery was very late (not Applebees fault) and I wish we hadn't ordered from there even before I tasted my food. The serving portion was small considering the amount of money I'd paid. The mashed potatoes were filthy and the steak was like rubber Not coming back to this particular Applebees."  he was doing his best. Will not be returning with all the late night choices down Central." I don't like waiting 30 minutes for my drink and I have to order my second drink as I am half way through the my current drink." I am here at least 2 days a week sometimes more "These type of chain places are noy my jam- It was OK- they do have some pretty awesome Happy Hour Specials on drinks and food- that being said  stuffed anyway and the missing item was quickly taken off the bill. The bartenders on 1-9-15 were attentive and great given how busy it was. Will definitely go back." Like I get it.. It's Applebee's and I shouldn't expect a lot but our food was awfulllll. The 13 dollar salmon portion was less than half the size of the picture and all of the vegetables that came with it were obviously frozen with no flavor and a gross feeling in your mouth :/ I would only go here for a cheap drink!! (They aren't strong though so.. Maybe I won't be back) The food was great as always. But Ben the server tried to charge us for every item we picked instead of 2 for 8. He fixed the problem but then proceeded to tell me that it was my job to let him know exactly what I wanted next time so it's less confusing. Last I checked I'm pretty sure that was the servers job. Thanks for fixing it Ben but next time don't make the customer feel responsible for you mistake. Thanks. cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg Waited and waited for a table at lunch time. Two parties (each with two in the party) came in after us (we were also two) and both of them were seated before us - one pair was even seated at a table in the area we requested. We left and I will never return. The food isn't worth that kind of treatment. "My friends and I enjoy coming here to visit Lonnie who bartends.   Wonderful service  pickle and onions cooked 'pink' (not rare or well-done; just right). Super juicy on a perfectly toasted bun. I would have ate 2 if my stomach had room. Fries were good and french onion soup is above average. I would give 5 stars but they were short staffed and drink refills were hard to come by and they forgot our soup so it came with the meal instead of before which we made sure to request to avoid that. Despite that small inconvenience On a Thursday it took 15 min after being seated for us to get our drink orders. The waiter couldn't have been any more socially awkward. Also we got the Spinach Artichoke dip and the chips were SOAKED in what I'm assuming was grease. There was not enough people on the floor to help the server out."  the service was poor and the AC was broken and could not be shut off.  The back section of the restaurant was probably 55-60 degrees."  Thomas. He was so sweet and so attentive. It is so rare to encounter someone who you can tell actually enjoys their job! Keep up the good work I went there on Friday night late -  bartender was super nice. He said he was new and from outta town. Usually I'm not a fan of corporations but this bartender was really cool. I've been here a couple times and the food isn't good and the draft beer is almost always flat.  great bartender who kept the drinks coming and made sure to keep tabs on the slow food order." cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg  appetizers and even food. It's a chill environment is usually have a great experience but my waiter was not the best  hardly any pink at all and the baked potato was cold.  All the other food was great!  I brought the issues up to the manager and he was so kind and professional.   He cut our bill almost in half.  I was pleased with his attention and caring for customers.  Thank you!" Was not happy with the food! Pasta was served without its sauce.. And after getting the sauce was still flavorless. The kids food was bad tasting as well.. Applebee's has lost their way.. :(  and we wanted refills were wanted & I wanted another beer.  We sat at our table with no drinks trying to eat our food for at least 20 mins.  That is unacceptable.  I had to ask the hostess to have Marc come back.  He finally came over and we ordered refills.  Throughout our experience there & with Marc  goes a long way. I wasn't expecting a free meal but it would have been nice to least offer another side to make up for the contaminated mashed  potatoes. Also We have been to this location a few times with varying levels of success.  None have ever been great. We actually hadn't been there for about a year when we decided to give it another shot a few nights ago. We walked in about 8:30pm and it wasn't busy. Stood around for at least 5 minutes before we were seated. Once seated we waited 8 to 10 minutes for our waitress to even come over. We placed our order and when the waitress brought our food she just set it down and quickly walked away. Normally this wouldn't be a big deal except one of our meals was the total wrong thing. She was no where to be seen for several minutes. In the time we were waiting I took a bite of my steak and spit it back out. It tasted bad. It was gray looking inside and had a funny taste. So the waitress finally comes back and we tell her one of the orders was wrong and grabs a menu and procedes to debate what we ordered. She just wrote down the wrong thing. We ended up not eating. Our meal was ruined. This is the worst Applebee's ever.  my wife ordered a hamburger with an egg (can't remember the name). The egg was Sunnyside up. When we asked them to cook it completely we were told they would burn it. I asked why they couldn't cook another egg....the kitchen manager said ""no one wants it that way"". After much discussion they cooked another egg. My bill was $90 with tip......would've been spent more wisely somewhere else. I won't be back." "Brunch burger was great service took long seems to have not enough waitress's  they stayed at our table until we finally said something. To top it off refills were NEVER offered until after our food came.Even when the food came we were never asked the infamous ""how is everything  was not up to par. I was thirsty and finished my water promptly. Not once did our server come over to refill.. The food was good love the choices here. love the pub preztels sticks It was a very nice meal and it went above my last experience with Applebee's. The only reason for not a 5 star is the service because the server was awful. Other then that it was a great meal  brought my daughter here for her birthday and food was burnt and it took 35min to get a refill after the server told me 2 times he was gonna go get it. Manager tried to make it right but failed "Applebee's is pretty much the same at each location.  I could suggest it is the McDonald's of ""bar and grill"" chains.   Advantage - they have liquor.  The food is decent and the portions are decent as well.  The staff is always friendly in a ""pieces of flare"" way and that can get a little annoying.  The drinks are good.  I had a terrific autumnal drink with Apple Jim Beam "My friends and I learned our lesson to go to somewhere better for good customer service instead of coming here for drinks. The drink I got I didn't like it at all because it was extremely sweet and I could barely taste any alcohol in it. My friends tried it and they agreed with me. When I asked a waitress walking around if I could change it she said no because the drink I have is the one with the most alcohol on the menu and if I don't like it I would have to pay for it and pay for the new one. You go central bistro Too many other good restaurants in Phoenix." So we tried to have dinner there this evening.  The waitress came over to our drink order and brought our drinks as we got our drinks we order our food and then waited over 30 minutes finally our food came all together salads and entree.  Except mine was wrong and I ask for the right entree.  The waitress seem irritated that I just didn't take what she brought me.  So I waited for mine and ask to speak to the manager.  He came over and said they where remaking the food.  NO ONE EVER APOLOGIZED AT ALL.  THEY TRIED TO MAKE IT SEEM LIKE IT WAS OUR FAULT.  After an hour and a half I got tired and asked for my check and then I demanded my check and all he could say is he didn't appreciate my cuss word.  I ended up paying $50.00 for lousy service and I didn't even eat.  The management there is a joke.  I will never step foot in that restaurant again and will contact corporate.  I will use social media to get the word out about this place.  ONE STAR IS WAY TO MUCH FOR THIS PLACE. cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg I had a burger with egg and hashbrowns on it. It was absolutely horrible burger and even more horrible experience. I've called 5 times and left my name and number requesting a manager to contact me back and I've received nothing so we have switched our family Applebees location from central and camelback to 44th street and oak and there is an awesome waitress we request her section and great manager! No Stars for food or location of central and camelback! Still not sure if we will be back. So many great spots to go in this area.  That going somewhere that is not giving it 100% seems like just a bad idea. Even if Applebee's is somewhat a good deal price wise"  I give this Applebee's 4-stars for good food and excellent service." "This place is a joke. Food is microwaveable decent. Don't use mouthwash and go in because they will tell you are drunk. The English prick 2 years short of his GED My wife and I decided to use the curbside ordering and we ordered under $40 dinner for two steaks mashed potatoes and veggies we ordered mushrooms and onions on our steaks and never got it we called back to the store and we're told that they were going to credit $5 back to our credit card and nothing ever came out of it sad experience for the curbside lost our future business sad  hand a gift card and he said he would be right back.  10 minutes after that confirms my pick up order and comes back to tell me my total.  I have to ping out to him to read the paper gift card I put in his hands.  Light bulb goes off and gets my food.  After all the back and forth 20 minutes later or so The food quality and taste has really gone down here. It used to be good. Our server Ivan was excellent. With so many other choices in the area I'll pass on this place. C- "Went here on Monday with kids.  Nice waitress.  Not that busy at about 8:30 pm. Had the variety appetizer.  Great selection and very filling.  We tried their mac and cheese I had their Asian shrimp salad and the club sandwich. Both were prepared well. The plating was attractive. I had their cookie sundae for dessert. The cookie was yummy. Their ice cream is not good." Drove 20 minutes out to come to Applebee's. Got there at 11:50 and said they're closed already. Literally was watching people order. Just wanted some wings. Hope this gets to a manager. "Went here again and they were closed 35 minutes early. All chairs were already stacked. Knocked on the door and someone came out. I asked why they were closed so early and he said ""you guys would be the only ones here"" and did not serve us. Called management the next day and explained what happened and the manager said if they were not making more money than they were spending they would close. I told him that the restaurant either needs to stay open until their posted hours so people aren't driving 25 minutes to a closed restaurant (what happened to me and my girlfriend) or to close earlier. I then asked if I could have the number of whoever was higher up and he hung up on me. I really hope someone finds out about this. It's unacceptable."  packaged bag of salad with some chopped up greasy fried chicken. The spinach artichoke dip tasted like it was taken from the freezer and thawed out in the microwave. The only thing that saved it was our friendly and attentive server ""Debbie"". Thanks to her it was slightly palatable."  but they also serve bar food (nachos  it's fun to go on a Tuesday for 2 for 1...lots of guys and a generally positive environment.  All the TVs tend to be a distraction when everyone is really there just to check out the crowd and drink "Roscoe's will always occupy a special place in my heart.  It was the first gay bar I went to after arriving in Phoenix nearly eight years ago 7srDFwPPnzBaQoPW55Dc8Q "Am I the only one who thinks Balls would be a great name for a sports bar? But. Here in gay ole Phoenix. We have Roscoes. While they'd like everyone to think it's a sports bar for everyone. Really. It's gay people. Gay as Ross the Intern. As gay as Richard Simmons sparkly  but it seems the owners are very happy with the status quo." "Picure it. Roscoe's. Saturday night. 11:00. Deadsville USA = Crabby gay ass bartenders. Me and Rickie? All pumped up. Having fun. Celebrating a fantastic evening we had with CeCe Peniston earlier with a couple beers and a round of darts. I won't tell you who won "OK. So I was a little put off on a recent visit to Roscoe's. I chose yelp to rant and update my previous positive review. Two words. Chili Cook Off. Wait. I think that's three. Nonetheless I was a judge at Roscoe's chili contest and I have to say I HAD THE BEST TIME EVER! If I'm not invited back next year  and the drinks were strong ( Plus Plus!) and well worth the money.... I will be returning most definitely! Thanks for a great time!" I know next to nothing about sports. Nada. Zip. But I had the best time at this gay sports bar! This place is pure fun. The drinks are very strong and the bartender was very cute and friendly. The music was good for it being a sports bar. Strange thing though.... nobody seemed to be actually watching sports on the many televisions located around the bar. Saw somebody eat a nice looking salad next to me. Smelled heavy on the garlic but that may be to taste. I didn't feel out of place at all even though my favorite sport is reading. Just a really fun time that is easy on your wallet. Definitely going to be going back there soon! Bacon B: How did I get to bed and where are my underwear?" "One of my favorite places for a bite to eat.  There aren't many gay establishments that serve food in Phoenix - this is likely the best.  Their sliders (I've had them on four different occasions) are awesome.  Three pool tables  I don't remember a lot of things after this. The train became a wreck  darts and conversation. Would definately go back." Side note: They do not take credit cards on tuesdays. Bring cash or there is an ATM on site." 7srDFwPPnzBaQoPW55Dc8Q  but I wanted to give it a fourth star for being a gay bar that a straight can feel comfortable sitting in for a while." Even if you like that sort of thing Friday evenings they have this creepy dancer thing going on.  With ""strippers"" that don't strip.  I would avoid Fridays if possible because the dancers try to force you into the back room for paid sessions...unless that's your thing."  was a comfortable vibe."  but its defiantly worth checking out once." "I absolutely love this place!  Best Bloody Mary Bar on Sundays!!!  Great Service  especially for the fact that there's a handful of solitary non-social women that come in to occupy a bar stool & drink water...."  good food but too expensive.  They even charged me for requested BBQ sauce  or a football playoff Sunday brunch - I am definitely a fan of Roscoe's!" "For the second time in two weeks I've sat at my table for 15 minutes before having to go to the bar to get a drink. Service has went downhill quickly. I should add that there are two cocktail servers and another two behind the bar this evening AND four to five open tables. No excuse for bad service Nice dive bar... usually older crowd. "I've been here before and received the same dismal and uninterested service both times. Sad. Our group was here for Sunday NFL breakfast and though the Bloody Mary bar looked tempting  but really wish they would do something about the bathroom. OH and stainless steel toilets are ice fucking cold on girl bums!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Ehhhh. Crappy pool tables and sticks. Disconnected and/or untrained bartenders. Two for one beers was nice. ATM didn't work. Left after the free beer. Very girly adult crowd; nothing like watching forty somethings engaged in a Brittany impression battle from across the bar. I never come here and I won't likely be a regular."  I started getting into the idea of watching Michigan State football while listening to Rhianna.  The breakfast burrito yesterday was tasty and cheap  which you wouldn't expect necessarily from a bar kitchen. Very casual and fun atmosphere where anyone - including my mom - is comfortable. Fun staff and always great service. Great on Friday nights and Saturday and Sunday day drinking!"  the only disappointment is that I am an out of towner look for a bar and grill. No grill after 7pm which I thought was odd." Kyle needs to go to customer service school." "Sunday night during gay pride weekend and as we enter the bar the bartender looks at us and walks away. We go to the bathroom and when we come out the bartender looks at us and goes to ""the office/back room"" and sits down and plays on his phone. We're standing at the bar waiting for service and are simply ignored. Note to owners  a couple of tvs and a portable stripper pole.  This place use to be packed on various nights.  I stopped there last night for a beer and there were ten people there including the staff.  Sad Love the place now that it's under new management!  Great drink prices both happy hour and non. Great bar food and a great place to watch your favorite sports! Great service as well. Recommended for bor both gay and straighr. Sunday Fundays are the best!" Walked in the other night and the place still smells like sewer. Heavy smell of restroom deodorizer but still a sewer smell. We had to leave immediately. It's been like this for at least 3-6 months and it's awful. Seriously have tried this bar several times as they sponsor our kickball league.  But the service and the wait staff are the absolute worst. They act like they are doing you a favor to take your order and if you get your order at all.  Won't be back any time soon  we go for the drink specials inclusive of two of my top choices being mimosas and Bloody Mary's. Solo or with friends  so bring some cash if you do not want to be charged a $2 fee from the ATM offered inside."  but it is my kind of dive.  You have to get the Wineburger.  You won't be sorry!  One of the best burgers I've had." I'll be getting my hepititis c test next week. (joking.... kinda)"  just a side note.  Please eat your food before coming on to Yelp and reading reviews about the food you are eating.  Some of these reviews almost made me vomit... almost." Until next time. . keep the groove and be cool.  ." I would not ever recommend Harvey's if you are on a time constraint.  This a place outside of time for you to hang back in when you have the time to hang.  It's laid back  the most yummy burger and sauteed onions (they ended up purple!) i've ever had. it was so delicious i forgot about how unsanitary the place was...to bad she's the only one who cooks the burgers like that "People really need to understand where they are going and the role the place is supposed to fulfill.  I find it funny that all three of the negative reviews mention how the food was great and the environment is chaos.  That is what they do at Harvey's.  Apparently everyone who went got Polly  just go when monty is working (he looks like the guy painted on the wall next to the smoking area)." P.S. BRING CASH BECAUSE THEY DON'T TAKE CREDIT CARDS!!!!!!"  but this is pretty unique.  A little more seasoning could be used The onion rings were straight out of the boiling oil and too hot to eat. (I'm sure my doctor does not approve of this meal). All the condiments I could ask for were delivered promptly. The burger was hot  I don't know how we got out without doing one with them.  The lady on the other side of us was getting her car washed next door so she said she comes in every time.  It was funny because the guy next to her The burgers are good enough to merit a 3 start in my opinion." "Wineburger is one of those places you know you can go to when you need a decent bite to eat at a fair price.  The cheeseburger is decent - standard bun  yum) and slaps em on the flat top grill. He then squirts on even more red wine as the burgers are cooking. I don't recall the price I'm a fan but it will be another few years until I'm back again." But even though I want to like the place for being a dive bar steps from Camelback Road and holding on  but not great!  The locals at the bar were quite a mix of people - interesting for people watching..."  the grill is great here. The Reuben is as good as any I've had. I like it here to get out of the bright desert heat and have a cold draft to cool my heels for a few. The specialty is the Weinburger grilled 'ground chuck soaked in wine' on an ample bun. They've been around for a long time for a reason; lots of personality." ...Jesus!  I just read the review about them having cooler ""problems""." And if the state of affairs at Harvey's bothers you  the best dive in Phoenix." /overheard ""I don't do anything downstairs!"""  just like the other fixins and the fries.  Combined with the atmosphere and general grungy feeling (I don't know how sanitary the place is  but it was GREAT. The lady at the bar was extremely nice and she even cooked our wine burgers right in front of us! Might be a poor man's version of benihana but whatever! still worth it! Definitely worth going ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw Dive bar with original bar food.  and then later ordered burgers and a side of onion rings to share. The onion rings were super delicious (i may be biased though because they are my favorite fried food!) and the Burgers were pretty darn good too for a dive bar. I think everyone should at least give them a chance if you like divey bars  and a vintage bowling arcade."  yes.  I will certainly be back!  A LOT." I'll come back.  I like the place and the ""feel"" of it.    It's withstood the test of time "Best burger in town for the price.  A well cooked 2/3 lb burger for under 7 bucks.  Good potato salad as a side.  Sort of a dive  but when we all joined in for a group rendition of some 80s love songs  I always feel a desperate need to bathe after I visit Harvey's. The drinks here however are VERY cheap. If you're short on cash and just need to knock back one or two you'd probably be OK here." "My girlfriend and I stoped in for a beer and a wine burger. Im pretty hard to please and let me just say...I was impressed. Burger was good "Came here one night after dinner at Durant's. COMPLETELY different scenes but this place is fun. Great service and cheap drinks. If you're looking for a high-class joint; this def aint your place-but if a chill neighborhood bar is what you're after  I don't care what anyone says. Harvey's burgers are freakin' awesome. Sometimes I crave them and then feel sorry for myself." All I can say is that a) the burgers are good b) it's so blatantly anti-yuppie that its actually appealing  choice of bud and bud lite...  Its a dive. Great place to go for lunch but maybe not the best place to impress the ladies. 8)"  it was a good experience (3.5 stars if Yelp allowed halves).  The food is good (between quality fast-food and a trendy restaurant) As we left the bar crew all said bye as well as the staff. I liked the folks there." Stopped in for my post-workout bowl of Chili and pitcher of beer and was IMPRESSED! Didn't want fancy- I was in my gym clothes. If you love a dark dive with really good food and prices this place is for you... The cook was visible and very friendly as well and the bartender was cool. The ladies was acceptable. The only thing missing was a smoking patio. I'll be back! Now that that's out of the way--the beers are dirt cheap and the signature WineBurger is downright delicious.  Servers are friendly.  This place should be on the short list for anyone in the area that wants to eat out or drink with friends on a budget." The wineburgers are delicious and the baskets of onions rings and fries are huge  dark and not half bad. Will be back in the future. I think I like it here better then I did at the original one."  they have Duck pin bowling.  It is like a small single lane bowling alley right in the bar and it is the great bar game ever.  I was staying 45 minutes away in North Scottsdale last time I was in town and drove here just for a beer a couple quick games.  It sounds odd  but it's good fun all around." A perfect example to never judge a book by its cover. There's a reason this place has won some ""best of"" awards." Get grilled onions on your burger"  it'll be a guilty pleasure." Kudos to the waitress/bartender/cook!! She was working hard and seemed to do a great job juggling everything." It's quite sad.  This was one of my favorite places in Phoenix - a wineburger and a game of pool - never crowded - that old dive charm...and hands down in the top 5 best burgers in town.  Apparently the new owner(s) believe all they need is a 40-year reputation.  Good luck with that Best Dive in Phoenix. Good people & drinks. Some people go to McDonalds at midnight after a night out. But I make my way to the best juke box joint with the best burgers in town! Stupid good!  and beer.  The service was incredibly friendly and the conversation at the bar was entertaining.  The burger was incredibly flavorful although sort of greasy and the beer and onion rings were average. I would totally go back here (with company) for burgers and the creepy yet surprisingly friendly and entertaining atmosphere."  and the NFL network? All within walking distance of my apartment? What did I do to get so lucky?!" I would drink here everyday if I lived in phoenix  they put wine in their burgers if you're into that..."  beer is cold and I could definitely see my self coming back."  pool hall-dive bar burger; albeit the only one conceivable Very accommodating to my silly group of friends. Burgers were spot on and service was impeccable! What other people say about the ambiance is true.  It =is= a dive bar.  I mean that in the best sense.  Cheap drinks They have happy hour weekly and on weekends but weekends they go a tad longer. The 6 dollar burger with fries and a drink is my bag." "Went there for the first time since it just got sold again. BURGERS ARE BETTER THAN EVER!!!!!!!!!! Drink Specials are fabulous. Jessica the bartender is awesome. The New owners just Rock!!!! My husband has been going to this place since he turned 21 After eating the burger and fries I quickly decided this place will be a regular for us... Love that it's a dive bar as well .. Warning ! The burgers are very greasy but so worth it ! And the buns are grilled with a little grease too :) I usually don't eat my buns but at this place I did and will.  I'm not hungover but this is prob a really good hangover burger too !!  that might require another visit or two.  They now offer a reasonably-priced lunch 'combo' that gives you great French fries (or their fabulous onion rings) with your burger in just enough quantity that you can finish them.  The table service is quick and as friendly as always. I will now put Harvey's back on my list of favorite (under $8) burger places in Phoenix.  Thank goodness for the new owners who have brought back tradition. You can't buy that ""homey"" feel elsewhere." "I totally stumbled on this place by being at the car wash next door!  We went in one night after a sports function for a quick bite to eat.  Damn...they are great burgers.  Reasonably priced food and drinks.  Fun ""dive bar"" atmosphere.  Great place and will definitely go back!" ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw Amazing onion rings and burgers to die for :) for a little hole in the wall restaurant there food is amazing! TRY THEIR PATTY MELT Would have given a five star but the $3 salad was the worst. It was just a bowl of lettuce and some chopped tomatoes. Onion rings awesome perfectly cooked. Cheeseburger great flavor. Awesome fireball shot $4.50 but $3.00 on Monday. "Been here before. Was good. During middle of day. Told my wyfe ""you gotta try this place"" its yummy. Took her for dinner. Her cheeseburger was over cooked and dry. My wings were charred and dry. Wait staff asked how it was and i told her ""overcooked"". She said sorry can i make u more? I said NO cant stomach anymore of their food. So what do i get in return? A FULL BILL!!! $30..... At least the wyfe learned a new drink. Wont be back here "Our first time here. Make sure you have 40 minutes to wait for your average tasting burger. The fries tasted like they were frozen. The good 'ole boys who seemed to be regulars What a great place! 8 of us met on a Tuesday night and couldn't have been happier. The food was good and the staff was attentive and very nice. Real nice place to hang out. It's cheap and obviously satisfies  but possibly one of the best burgers I've had. Made to order and seasoned perfect. The wings are also good."  I would have visited this place much sooner!  They grill then fry their hot wings-delicious.  Patrons include suit and ties from the local business community and flip flops and tshirts from everywhere coming for the Wineburger.   Service is always very attentive. They have pool tables "Total dive bar - which is my kind of place. I bought the Amazon Local deal (punch card with 3 $10 credits) and came today to try it out for the first time.  Took a seat at the bar and got instant greets from bartender and the cook (score). Bottled beer came ice cold (score) with menu. Ordered Wineburger and fries $6 lunch. Condiment and napkin service appeared instantly (score). Watched some TV (no hassle about swapping over to golf) and burger came in decent time. PERFECT taste and doneness! Second beer delivered timely and no chasing someone down to pay and get back to work. Lunch experience awesome so don't be scared by other reviews if you work nearby and want good  as if it had been floating in it all day. I was totally displeased with this place. The only reason this review isn't one star is because I didn't see any roaches." He said he would have rated Harvey's 4.5 but that he wasn't pleased the cook was the server and the bartender."  large tv in the pool room and put in more tables. I finally stepped out of my box and ordered something other than the wineburger and I WAS NOT disappointed. Their garlic Parmesan wings are fantastic. Can't wait to go back in a few days!"  awesome food. Surprisingly good for a hole in the wall dive bar. They have great lunch specials and listening to the drunk locals is always entertaining." Great burger for the price. Always friendly service. One of the oldest burger spots in town! Many better places in Phoenix"  looks can be deceiving. It doesn't look like much from the outside but Wineburger is definitely worth a stop." Their beer is pretty good and also their happy hours is legit save money eat good ohh yeahh!!!"  nothing to write home about.  The staff are friendly and will remember your name if you go in a lot and you may even get a free beer from time to time on the house.  They host dodgeball and dart leagues and even dress up and decorate the place when dodgeball have a theme night.  They have craft beers now and will ask us what beers we would like for the upcoming season.. Great dive bar "I love this bar and am fortunate it's nearby my house. They have several tv's Everything was good and the prices were fantastic! I'd recommend a visit if you're in the area and craving a burger that isn't comercially made." "Great customer service at lunch. Order the lunch special and 6 other customers get served before me. Wait 45 minutes then get up to leave. Am asked ""Do I want that to go?"" Can anyone say @DirtyDrummer?" And the time. It took like 20 minutes to get the food out. I had begun to think they forgot about us. But in the end awesome burgers.  decent service.  good atmosphere.  it's a dive bar.  just fyi.  with good food. "It's a dive bar where they make ""wineburgers"" on a flat top behind the bar. It smells of cleaning products Awesome burgers come here once in a while. Wings took 30 minutes and I feel like they trying to kicks us out. I don't want my check I want another corona and keep watching the Superbowl. One more time--this is a real bar. Enjoy the experience." If you want frills or mixologists this isn't your place. If you want cheap beer and delicious clogged arteries served by a bartender who will serve you complimentary cement mixer shots as punishment (congratulations?) when your team beats hers this is your spot."  come here after dodgeball to relax and socialize. Staff are great and always attentive. The burgers are awesome and they have a great  variety of beer and any mixed drink you can cook up! They have made some great upgrades with new big HD flatscreens I love dive bars with great food and this place is Great!!" I've only been twice in 2 weeks but will be a regular from now on!" Great burgers and fries! I love that they have take out. I want to come and get a drink sometime too. Definitely recommend! Not a  local. Just saw it was close by when I was hungry thanks to Yelp. Pulled in lot and was concerned because looked like abandoned crack warehouse. But once inside a great dive type bar with pretty and friendly servers. Beer cold. Food good. Me like. Fun place and really good burgers If you wanna try a good burger in an interesting place give Wineburger a try." YumBallz!!! Best wings & bloody Mary's in Phoenix!! Their burgers are just other worldly!!! You know something's good when u can't decide between this & lobster! Food here is THAT good! Made the right choice! Erik is the best grill master in town! Karaoke singers are awesome too! This was my first time going to Harvey's. I was so impressed! The service was wonderful. The cook even came out to check to make sure we were enjoying our meal. The burgers were the best burgers I have had since moving to Phoenix. The restaurant it's self is no thrills but I would recommend it to anyone is craving an incredible burger and great service. Love when you can see them make your food! BEST daily specials on food $6. Great prices on booze too. Divey with great food. What's not to love? ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw One thing that concerned me was the gal cooking the burgers had long hair that was not tied back.  Just an FYI in case you're squeamish about plucking hair out of your food." I'll definitely check it out again though!" Would come more often if staff were nicer. They seem annoyed by my presence but I do like the food. This place is simply the best at what it does. Try the pudding shots they are fantastic the burgers the wings the chicken tenders and don't forget the mixed basket of onion rings and french fries ask for mayo and ranch on the side This place has been around for many years in the Phoenix area. Interesting take on burgers. Tasty and juicy. A divey atmosphere but that is part of this places charm "Absolutely delicious!!! My burger was better than any other burger I've had at any restaurant. It was huge and juicy and cheesy. I got a Deluxe Burger with mushrooms and bacon. It was the best. I got onion rings and cheese sticks. The onion rings are battered not floured and the cheese sticks were just okay for $8 "Great burgers. Expensive beer. Extra star for playing Miley's ""I adore you"" while I'm out with my husbear" How does this have 4 stars on yelp? Lol" Pretty good food. Kind of divey. Been coming here for years and probably will be coming here for years ahead. But it kind of sucks there juke box is broken and all they play is country music. Countries ok once in awhile the tears in your beer for 4 hours straight is ridiculous great burgers and cheap beer but they can take that country music and do something else with it The very definition of a dive bar w a food problem. They won best take out for good reason. Don't need a menu just get a burger you can't go wrong. Love this place. This place is a classic Phoenix bar: established in 1950-something or whatever... in other words: it has been around for a while Been a while since first review but this a 5 star burger joint.  Simply great.  Hard to out do!  Come see for yourself!!! Service was great. Beer was cold. Great way to start a weekend - We will be back!" Burgers are delicious. Glad I don't live out here otherwise I'd be here every other day.  f*ck my tongue.. This shit is good!"" I love this place and love coming here. Please try and come soon!!! Sidenote: Shawn the handsome man that served us DID NOT MAKE MY EYES HURT!! Wink... ; ) Eric can cook his ass off!!! You my think it's easy serving the masses but it takes the skill that he possesses!"  laid back atmosphere just a great time and place to be at. You're gonna enjoy everything here!!! GUARANTEE IT!!!" Come here on a Sunday for a hangover cure and football on tv." Great little dive with cheap drinks. The Burgers are one of my favorite in the Valley!  decent beer selection and Amazing Burgers! Definitely a once a week burger craving.. Beer drinking kinda night place!"  was working the grill. I didn't want to be a dick and ask for someone else to cook it and I decided to give her another chance. Before I left the bar "While a ""dive bar"" burgers here are some the juiciest I've had and the beer is cold and the drinks are generous on the alcohol and notably a lot of the car dealership employees frequent the place it can't be all bad and they have enough tv's to watch whatever sport you are interested in..." ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw "This is seriously a hidden gem! Right off the corner of 16th street and Camelback. The burgers are cooked with red wine and you can really taste the wine once the burger is cooked- added with the cheese and awesome fries A little bit of a wait but the burger I got here. However it was fantastic. Although more than anything I was blown away by the onionrings! :D  nothing you can't get at any other burger place. The place itself is very dark inside. They did have good drink specials but it's not somewhere I'll return."  she replied ""we aren't McDonalds"" and slammed our checks on the table. My chicken patty came out like a brick. It hurt my teeth to bite into. I got sick from it as well. It was my first and my last visit to this establishment. Just don't do it." "Have driven by hundreds of times and decided to check this place out while getting an oil change down the road. What an amazing place! Bartenders are wonderful and friendly. The cook is amazing. Very diverse crowd. Food is very fresh. Had a hamburger I stopped in here on a whim I was going to go to the rokerij and I thought this place looked cool I think I'm going to have a wineburger. What a great burger and excellent service. I can't say enough about the friendliness of the bartenders I will definitely be back Perfect burger and onion rings.   The 1/3 lb. Cheese Wineburger is the best.  The place is nice and cool for those hot summer day when you need to cool off have a cold beer and a great burger!!!  and enjoyable with a beer. And there fries... plus getting a car wash next door while this takes place is even more worth while."  best food ever! The onion rings are delicious and I always get the garlic patty melt....absolutely delicious!"  Margie and Monty we salute you. Thanks for everything you do for us." ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw  last time I went there with my girlfriend it was sub-par at best. All the fried food in the sampler and the French fries with the burgs were overdone. Burg fell completely apart after one bite. Disappointing because I've been here several times and I know what this place is capable of. Hope it's better next time!" "The best burger in Phoenix! It looks like a dive; well that's because it is! Not a lot on tap but try the burger! Not the sexiest atmosphere Green chile burger and fries were amazing! My friend got the hot wings and said they were great as well. I didn't give them 5 stars because it was only one visit but I will update when I go back because I will be going back for sure!!!  onion rings I've had in years! Must go! Delicious and cheap Oh and pool tables and darts are there too if you're into that sort of thing."  take the paper out of the basket and put it directly on the table.  That way you have more room to construct and get to work.  See you there!" "Best burger in town! Hands down! If you want the best burger of your life go to Harveys! The burger is juicy  and I'm told that the food is pretty decent too.  Some restaurant industry friends of mine frequent the place as they serve food until 1 AM.  The bartenders are friendly i went there once a while back and it was dirty and never went back... but if Stevey is right about the drink specials i might have to re-visit  so next time I head in I'll try something new alongside my dollar cocktail." It's not the easiest place to find if you don't know what you're looking for. I think the large strip mall across the street distracts you while you're driving. But CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ I don't give good reviews easily but this is one great restaurant!  It has an amazing Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.  The hamburgers are great and their fish and chips are to die for.  The meatloaf is somewhat questionable.  The prices are really good to.  The place is clean but tends to be a little loud. CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ  unpretentious bar near The Biltmore area. Decent selection of food and drinks  and there is always something going on. It's definitely an ""industry"" bar if you know what I mean... always full of bartenders  etc....  i think the food is really good. the steaks are great and they give you plenty of quality vegetables for sides. the salads are large and they have a variety of specialty salads. appetizers are priced better then other places. they have a cheap appetizer menu 7 days a week for happy hour. appetizers during happy hour are ONLY $3.00. they have simple appetizers like wings up to really good like calamari. 3.00! they are known for their deep fried pickles which i find good. if you are looking for a more quiet place to sit other then the bar area and tv area  but I absolutely love their fried pickles (they're only $3 after 11!).  What more could a girl ask for?" CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ  they have all wanted to go back.  Great food and drinks.  The wings in the Armadillo gold sauce can be voted Phoenix Best.  Their potato skins are the best I've had (when they don't come out a little burned I must admit).  Can you say Fried Pickles!  Give it a shot There were a lot of sports fans glued to the Chargers game and it was a fun atmosphere.  Definatly a place to stop in for cheap food and drinks Good drink specials. Hoegaarden on tap. This is the perfect place to come when you want to get drunk for cheap and cram your face with a bunch of shit you know you shouldn't." hopeing it would just get better from there... but little power for laptop meetings... Food just OK... and so is this place just OK..."  you stick to your hood and I'll stick to mine. When you offer a review in the future you should start by saying I rarely go anywhere that doesn't require a 20.00 cover and has a coat check." Hubby and I are trying to find new places to eat. We recently checked out this place and loved it. Arriving late evening we weren't looking to be shocked. Found out they have OTB and I really liked the ambiance. The dining room had cool tables set up for late night intimate dinners or fun evenings of shots and pool. The menu was great  rustic tomato and a starter salad. I wasn't in the mood for heavy food and that was perfect. The salad was a salad but nicely done. No package salad here.The soup was delicious This place was dissapointing to me. I was excited based on the reviews but wasn't pleased with the food. I ordered a ceasar salad and the dressing was almost slimy. That is the only way I can describe it.  My date ordered a philly cheese steak sandwich that was awful. It tasted like pure salt. Maybe we got the wrong items? The server was nice but pretty pushy on us getting alcohol. The prices were great on the drinks but the margarita was an awful choice. It was bad. The long island ice tea wasn't terrible but I guess this is just a place to go for cheap drinks and medium food. I would prefer going to Chili's over this place. Sorry Armadillo Grill. I wanted to love you.  the spicy jalapeno creme sauce is genius! My coworker ordered the pesto pasta and it smelled heavenly. The smell is that smell that even though you're stuffed beyond belief you still want to keep eating because it smells so good smell. Does that make sense.  Other than that its a great place to people watch..off track betting spot.. need I elaborate? You will NOT be disappointed by the food in fact it will trump any bad service experience you may have."  I may attempt to steal that big red chest in the Women's bathroom. It may take a few attempts "I've been coming here for the last 3 years and have to say it always delivers.  The drink specials are addicting "I love this bar! The bartenders are awesome a lot of regulars here and I can see why it's easy to become one everyone is really nice. I went there with my roommate and about three times and they welcome us like we've been going for years.As far as the food I've really only had the fried pickles which are amazing! They have great drink specials and reverse happy hour. I haven't made it to happy hour yet because I'm scared I will stay there until close.The inside is nothing fancy but The only thing I don't like about the place is the number of TV screens with the off track betting results. Also the TVs are placed just a bit to high up for shorty here also." We occasionally go to Turf Paradise but with Armadillo Grill so close maybe will start coming here to do a little off track betting. Much better food than the horse track and a lot less sweaty guys in tank tops." Not sure I will be rushing back to the Armadillo Grill The staff at Armadillo Grill has always been great and I'm sure they will continue to be as I wiggle my way into becoming a regular here! Great happy hour  ""with a Bloody Mary! Breakfast of Champions!"" Now if I could only pick a winner at Turf Paradise!" One of favorite happy hour places in town. If you get the wings here it shouldn't matter if you get anything else. Great location and nothing else needs to be said. Maybe a renovation on the parking lot. I'm here pretty regularly whenever I feel like throwing my diet to the wind...which happens at least once a week because of those damn fried pickles!" Definitely a place to check out for sure!"  yum!).  There are many other drink specials you must check out for yourself.  I think I have rambled on enough about my love of the dillo  and i'm not about to start (next time i'll ask them to leave them off-i hate to waste food=even if its just a few diced onions). The fried pickles had a delicious breading so i didn't mind that they weren't the true dill pickles i'm used too. The ranch for the pickles was a little runny "The place wasn't too packed it looked like your average ""after work"" crowd...the server was quick and informed us of their happy hour specials. I decided to go with the strawberry margarita; it was pretty good and strong. We decided to order off their ""munchies"" menu  I'll still make my trip up to stop in at The Dillo....you should too!" CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ Overall not a bad little joint."  I'd go back just for the dip and some drinks.  I'm pretty drunk right now actually  which almost make it bearable in the summer.  There is smoking allowed on the patio fun happy hour place! good appetizer selection! great beers! funny bartenders!  but it' a definite favorite that I would recommend to anyone."  especially for the happy hour(s)... Pretty awesome if i do say so myself." CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ Great service bringing you great food. I highly recomend the happy hour. The little munchies that are half off are as big of a draw after work as the beer. Great place to catch a game with friends as well.  service and specials.  And they support other local businesses- which is always a plus!" Most other times this is just a great place to come hang out The staff were very pleasant and all in all we had a great happy hour!" Service is usually good." We had the entertainment card which they didn't punch so we can use it again  I'll go back for some HH specials but I'm not going to be the one suggesting it to people.  I'll stay up by 16th and Bethany Home instead."  lots of sports on the various TV screens Give this place a shot if you are ever in the Biltmore area."  etc) bring me back from time to time. They also have some drink specials  and the Fried Pickles are by far some of the best I've ever had (order them Cajun style)!!! My advice to all: Go during happy hour! Great prices on beers I would come here again but probably not during the afternoon since the atmosphere is kind of depressing Eat the Philly Cheesesteak. Just eat it. It will be the best decision you made all week. Totally worth the extra gym time." We went as a large group so food was a little slow coming out  and beer for 35 bucks.  Yes.  Lots to choose from on the menu.  Good service.  We will be back." One last thing. Monday is free pool night CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ You can bet on horse races if you have any idea what you're doing. Or you can grab a table and yell at the TV as loud as you want. People here are nice enough to be chill about it. The staff is both kind and prompt. I like."  without being overbearing. This has become a weekly spot for my wife and I to visit  very friendly and efficient. Food is very good--I especially enjoy the hummus plate and the grilled cheese with tomato soup. Drinks are very reasonably priced. Great atmosphere and a perfect choice for happy hour!" The girls had tons of drinks too.  Great specials on drinks."  but had some great quiet lil areas as well. Definitely will be back."  I love a place where I feel comfortable enough to have a beer by myself without feeling like a raging alcoholic. Very mixed crowd where everyone is welcome. Definitely the right mix of dive bar and neighborhood hangout." Love this place! I love their eclectic menu and I've been pleased with everything I've tried. Number ONE place for calamari! I have yet to go there without ordering it.  all this could be why their prices are affordable (just go to Biltmore instead What you won't get here is hipster pretension - but if you're looking for an unassuming place to grab a drink and budget friendly nosh and maybe bet on a horse race - this  and a nice server that leaves you alone....until you need something!...5 stars on all counts. I was by myself and felt comfortable and felt I got a good meal at a very reasonable cost!" "This is a great spot.  You won't believe me until you try it but they have one of the best Ahi Tuna salads in the valley.  Not kidding.  And the asian cole slaw?  Un-real.  Some of the best ""bar food"" I've ever had.  Good happy hour (half priced apps and drink specials) makes me happy.  place is always busy during the afternoons for off track betting which is fun while you're having a guiness and stuffing your face!  Tv's are small but there are a lot of them so you can watch sports from anywhere in the bar.  Nice patio outside with tv's for you smokers.  I happen to live right by here and am stoked to have a place like this next door to call my second home :)"  I will not be going back. The bartender was very rude to me and after six times of asking for a menu I had to flag down a server to get any help. It took 2 hours to get an order of wings and I was very unhappy with the service. Armadillo is great if you go during happy our and sit at a table  this is your place. We often take family and friends here for a low key yummy dinner and boozin'. The service is always great and you're likely to have the owner stop by and ask you how your meal was. I love that:) It's a big place with a big bar and plenty of TV's. It's easy to miss so keep your eyes peeled!!" CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ Well it's a dive bar! This is by far one of my favorite places to chill out! I lived in Phoenix for 9 years and now I am in San Diego. This is the first place that I go to for dinner when I'm back in the 602. Their food is amazing! Their bartenders are great especially Jimmy! It's a must try... a great casual experience.  potato skins and other stuff for about $3.50. Try the Armadillo Gold sauce on the wings.  Other food items seem to be above average  and its not half bad food. I just wish they had a better lunch time menu and that the service would pick up a bit so we don't spend so much time waiting and paying for our bills."  decent selection of beer on tap. Doug the Friday bartender is super fast and is definitely my favorite server in the valley. Nice place for friends to hangout." "I think it has to be said that this place is definitely more of an OTB than a restaurant/sports bar.  With that being said  bartender and servers all must've been having bad days. Can't comment on the food. Two stars for good beer selection Great food and Jason and the gang at the bar are great.  I found it by accident and keep going back. I can't give it 5 starts until they have HD. Nice slightly divey atmosphere with good music and amazing steak and cheese's. I will be back!  I had the open faced turkey which was pretty good and my boyfriend loved the mac & cheese. Good beer and an excellent place to go to watch football." Love the tomato soup and toasted cheese sandwiches - best in the world  so not sure how they poor drinks but probably not too shabby because most of the their clientele seem to be long-term regulars. Update. Everything is still great here. They improved the quality of coffee and raised the price of wings during happy hour (bummer) and now require a foursquare check-in with manager approval to get the new happy hour wing pricing "The ""Dillo"" is where it's at if you want a good meal and drink.  Plenty of TVs for sports and horse racing if that is your thing.  Excellent sports bar Great place to relax after work. Can't find a better place for thirsty Thursday! The apps selection can't be beat! Best tomato bisque and grilled cheese ever!  cheap pool. AMAZING bar food... best in town. I don't know which chef they have locked up back there  there are numerous coupons available from different spots... I use Entertainment coupons here and they work like a charm! They aren't the finest bar in town  and to their credit (at least in my book) they play metal later in the night when all the games are over and there's no more retarded horse racing on." "We had a very nice evening last night. It is always great to have a Groupon so the deal was a great one. The servers were wonderful. A new server was being trained and she was doing great! I had their Tomato Basil soup. It says on the menu this is there specialty and I can see why. It sure was delish. My friend had the Parchment Paper Salmon which she said was great. I tried it. I am not a salmon lover but it had this mustard type sauce on it that I could probably drink and live on! -teehee! I would go back to try some of their other yummy looking food delights. The atmosphere is an upgrade sports bar type of decor so it was a little noisy. The only advice I have is that their bathroom was a tad nasty. Maybe clean it better AG? However  food and prices. Just wish it was closer to my house!" "I liked this place! I like the outdoor area where you can sit outside. They have TVs everywhere. Our waitress was super friendly. Fair prices. We ordered the fried pickles for starters (half Cajun half regular) and Oh. Em. Gee. SOoo good! I couldn't decide weather I wanted the pulled pork sandwich or the meatloaf sandwich. I went with pulled pork. Meh. I've had better. Wasn't all that delicious Friendly service and daily drink and food specials puts this on my ""go back to"" list when in the PHX area." "I have lived in the area for almost 3 years and have been going here on a regular basis ever since. The food is great and the whole staff knows me by name. Different weekly specials every week and nightly specials. It is a well run We ate here again on 4/20/13- great service again and they have the best fried pickles ever!!!! Yum!!! "I've been going to Armadillo Grill for years. Tai the manager is great. He is such a hard worker! What a great place. They have AMAZING FOOD! It's worth trying because the Food is more than great. You can play pool  and the calamari which were all delicious especially the wings.Servers were friendly and attentive. Will return someday"  returning the second time for another platter of thier great Armadillo Gold wings!  I hade the fried fish and it was just OK.   Service was quick and it's easy to find a parking place.  I will be back at least for the wings again." The fried pickles are definitely one of the best and was worth stopping by for!"  service was on point...best part? Seared tuna salad! Definitely good enough to keep going back :)"  but the food is gourmet and delicious. I've tried many things on the menu and liked all of it. My favorite thing by far is the buffalo chicken sandwich. Pay the extra to get it with onion rings. My parents always request to go here when they are in town visiting. Great place to watch games and not get your typical bar food. They would get 5 stars if they had better service. Nothing terrible I like this place because the people and bar remind me of the east coast in a way. I will be returning!"  consistent customer base where the same people frequent it on the same night of the week. A total cheers atmosphere for sure. So if you are close and live in the area and are looking for ""your dive""...this'll work." It's a bit dark and dingy but that only adds to the charm. The servers and bartenders are super friendly. (My boyfriend talked me in to 4 stars for this review Cool barly bar. Dropped in pre dinner and enjoyed the scene. Probably won't go back but did appreciate the modern armadillo logo. It was everywhere.  and some real good munchies.  Fried pickles and mozzarella wedges.  They were both delicious consider yourself warned."  prime location so I expected better. Typical late night bar food being served in a restaurant. I would had to have been drunk to enjoy the food. Don't waste your time or $"  I will be a returning customer. I have already recommended this place multiply times." I've probably eaten here 20 times.  10 times w/ my wife too.  Always good food and eaten a bunch of different things.  Good deal and good service too.  Food will surprise you  which was quite the opposite. The girls sitting around the bar continued to laugh. Obviously we were way more aware than they realized. Normally they have decent bar food and good drink specials but if this how they treat customers they don't deserve business. The biggest complaint is their beer lines taste dirty. The biggest plus used to be fried pickles but now I just enjoy them at The Turf instead. Usually I'm not so easily offended but this was bit ridiculous. I will definitely update my review if this changes." "Met a friend for Happy Hour here. This place wouldn't be at the top of my Happy Hour list but far from the worst. I didn't realize The Armadillo Grill was more of a bar. Food was OK and service was consistent. The place wasn't too crowded. Now that I know what to expect  and entrees. Everything was phenomenal. We loved the mozzarella bites. This is one of the few bars I have been to that also has horse racing. Really good time!" If you ever want smothered chicken this is the place to go. The sauce on the chicken is 5 star.  They have kids menu. The place has off track betting but they also hAve as side room where families can sit.  and part OTB. To sum it up - unique. And that's what I like. The service has never been an issue and I will most definitely return!"  they have very attentive and friendly service. I always leave 'dillo feeling well fed and like I got my money's worth. This establishment has made it's self synonymous with quality food and value in my book and earns a 4.5 from me."  hubby had diet coke. Next time I will have a beer : )" "I went here for lunch with a colleague. They put us in a back booth which was perfect - quiet enough for us to get some work done. He had the fish tacos and seemed to enjoy them. I have the palette of a five year-old so I ordered a chicken quesadilla with refried beans added. It was delicious - way too much for one meal. The server was attentive but not overbearing. I was a little concerned about parking because that's an issue for a lot of restaurants on that strip of Camelback but since we met there at 1pm on a Friday Best fried pickles - get them Cajun style- and Louisiana Cajun shrimp appetizer....every time I go here I get these two things and service has always been fine and the food has always tasted great...zero complaints!  have a decent and healthy meal while he watches a game... and it won't break the bank."  brie and glazed pear sandwhich amd I was sold! All food goes beyond standard ""bar food"". I recommend the sandwich I had andthe cajun fried pickles although all my company were satisfied! So glad I moved to the neighborhood and found a reasonably priced local haunt!" It can be a little difficult to get to the parking lot from Camelback during rush hour "This is my favorite bar that doesn't feature live music. The wait and bar staff are great and remember you after you've been there a few times. The average patron is professional but not pretentious  I'll take my obviously nelly self to a real place where I can enjoy my food and conversation in peace."  however they are small and outdated. Most of the ones near us were staticy. I ended up watching the game from a TV that was half way across the room  I feel that's where sports bars tend to shine the most. The only complaint is the beer taste off. It's probably improper tap line cleaning or possibly the co2 is off. It's one of my very few pet peeves and The Dillo isn't the only place guilty of it. If you're going to have the state flagship beer on tap then it needs to taste right. I'd give it 3.5 for sports bars. Decent prices and decent music being pumped out. Half Moon has some better deals on happy hour but good lord I can't stand the ambiance. Dillo is a decent priced neighborhood bar." "This is my favorite place to go! They have awesome specials and the best hummus I have ever had CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ My boyfriend and I love this place. We live a 2 minute walk away and go here 3 to 4 times a month. I would highly recommend the 19th Street Burger and the Eclectic Mac n Cheese with Buffalo Chicken. The onion rings and fried pickles are made in house and are absolutely to die for. Everyone here is always nice. Katie is our favorite server. They also do take-out and delivery if you want a good meal and are feeling lazy.  and just too notch !! The staff is exceptional and they always make me feel welcome ! And are very personable which I love ! The ranch dressing is the best ever and the burgers and hot wings and chimichanga and also the calamari are all to die for !!! I love the iced tea as well ! Best ever ! This is my favorite spot to go period and I've tried a lot of places."  it's my favorite.  Virginia is my my go to waitress every time.  She sets you up with the hook up.  Fried mozzarella and potato skins as appetizers rock and they have 1/2 off happy hour specials.  Their Mac and cheese rocks as well." The ambiance of Armadillo Grill is nice as well. Usually do not like places with a ton of TVs and sports playing and whatnot  as he puts it. This to me was just nice and surprising. The bar staff was super friendly. The beer on tap was nice and cold. Peach Ale from 4Peaks is always a win-win for me! 4Peaks Kiltlifter on tap for him. Off track betting on the tele. Pool tables around the place. For 345pm in the afternoon  because their tomato soup is the best I've ever eaten. The bartenders and servers are always nice and efficient. It's never been so busy that I couldn't get a seat  then after she dropped those off even though we had our menus stacked to indicate readiness she left and did not return for about 10 minutes. Might I add that it was happy hour when we got there but since she did not take our full order for about 15 minutes we did not get to take advantage of it because the computers switch over automatically. Not to mention she had to keep running back and forth to ask questions  seriously. It's a nice neighborhood staple that I really wish I had found earlier. They have great food specials I end up craving the Philly cheesesteak with chicken at least once a week. Excellent.  but everything else is mediocre. I'll come back for the pickles though." My boyfriend mentioned that we weren't that pleased with our food and the waitress took 50% off both our entrees. A+ for customer service!  did you know that TODAY is MONDAY ;) Thanks for the headsup  and draft beers. I can't complain too much about this bar because how well their service and professionalism was. I would definitely go here again :)"  the food taste amazing we have had the beef stroganoff and the white chicken enchiladas among a few other items. We drive all the way from Youngtown to eat there I would defiantly recommend it to anyone."  and fucked up orders. Read the Google reviews much more accurate experience than yelp."  and also because the manager was responsive and clearly making a real effort to fix everything. If/when they figure out their technology "The Armadillo Grill seems like a mix between a biker bar and a sports bar. It's almost like a dive bar! But it's a good place to watch games  no waiting. Staff was great and service was excellent!!! Everyone loved the food they ordered! Would highly recommend this place for any event!"  and foodies. Always have a great experience here." "Love the wings here. I ate wings at Zipp""s and bragged over and over. But I ate crow. The wings here are way way better. I am happy my friend Andrea humbled me. I am looking forward to trying other dishes." Probably an ok place to grab a drink and watch some sports but wouldn't recommend you eat there. I ordered the chicken/brie sandwich - sounded lovely on the menu but it was boiled chicken - so rubbery it was tough to cut through. My husband ordered the steak tacos. They were so greasy he couldn't pick them up. We both had bad stomach ache for hours after eating there.  delicious. The second time I got their grilled cheese and tomato soup. Their grilled cheese was great but I wasn't a fan of the tomato soup. Then again it was rustic tomato soup which I'd never had before. My husband loved it though who doesn't like regular tomato soup at all. Also can't beat their happy hour. $3.75 long islands! Fantastic. Will definitely be back to try their other menu items." Be sure to to have a nice beer and enjoy some games on one of the many screens.  There is also a patio for the warmer weather :)" "I love this place. Coming from the east coast finding a place with a great steak and cheese was important and this place fits the bill.  The food is always consistently good They have such an enticing menu with solid offerings For two watered down drinks is a rip off!!" "I had a great experience while eating here the food is fantastic and the staff is great! My friends and I went to the Tuesday night trivia and it was really fun "We visited during the super bowl. It was busy but we were seated immediately. Food was good and came out in a timely manner. The tomato soup was really good. Very creamy and rustic. Bathroom is less to be desired. The waitress was very attentive. We had wings No recommendation on this place."  and the food is consistently good.  Their fried pickles are surprisingly good. My bf is a huge fan of their salmon dinner." Somehow we always get the same waitress too "It was very delicious and had good amount of food for the price. I tried the Chicken and Brie sandwich was like a good grilled sandwich. My roommate tried the pull pork sandwich and thought it was good size. Overall "Love the food- atmosphere is a little dark but Always a solid place.  The fish tacos are amazing.  The burger is always solid.  Make sure to get the Thai Chicken Skewers.  especially the Armadillo Gold wings and calamari.  This place has a nice spin on a lot of classics and is definitely a place I would like to frequent."  probably more of a place to be a sports bar than a grill. I would go back for drinks but not likely the food." Manager came over and realized all was good but not before the bartender made it a point to 'judge'  you 9b their shortcomings." "I love this place ! The staff is always friendly and Virginia and Amy are the nicest waitresses and very personable.  The  honey hot wings are great and the salmon is excellent too ! Love their iced tea The missing star is because of the style (or lack there is) in the music I heard there. The waitress said it was the bartender's iPod mix. Anyway Dont get me wrong... Still one of my favorite spots... If 3.5 was an option I woukd have clicked it... Every server I had until last night has been great... The food has always been good mozzarella sticks fried pickles blackened fish tacos some pulled pork sandwich all great choices.... Last night the female server either did daytime Sunday funday or was struggling from night before even if it was Sunday 10pm. After I sat down she asked me if she handed me the menu I was looking at. Then I asked for dos equis ten seconds later she was confused and asked again what I ordered.... I ve had the tenders before with armadillo gold and loved them. Last night I ordered wings which comes by the pound I asked for crispy unfortunately they were neither crispy nor saucy.... I ate all seven then ordered the tenders upgraded to Ceasars. At this point she was talkin to a female who I assume is a coworker. Forgot about me... All along one of the cool bartender guys was sitting on the other side only had him his as my bartender once or twice months ago but he remembered me said hello had convo and said bye.... Even as I was leaving she said nothing he made sure to say bye..... Still love the spot maybe she was having rough night "This has become one of my favorite spots over the years. Never disappointing. For a ""bar like"" atmosphere the plate ups are ridiculous...and by that I mean AMAZING! You would think you were eating at a 5 star restaurant.  There tomato soup is my absolute favorite!! I highly recommend you don't leave there without trying the fried pickles or the hummus plate...both are THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD! Looooooooove this place." "Service needs improvement. The waitress forgot to bring a drink we ordered and rarely checked in with us. The beer was flat. We overheard the bartender rudely questioning the flat beer... very unprofessional. Eclectic Mac and Cheese was okay  hummus plate and tomato soup. Yep the tomato soup rocked! Love this place Our waitress at the bar was super nice. I had the chicken sandwich of some sort which was okay but the Buffalo chicken sandwich was delicious  do try the tomato soup.  Seriously stellar!!" "Food was good and tasty. Mushroom and pepper Burger was done well & cooked to order. The fried pickles were crunchy and had some good breading. So much food You couldn't ask for a better restaurant that caters to everyone's needs. if you want the divey bar feel  The Great Brett Favre or That Punk Aaron Rodgers. The food was decent for bar food and the beers were really cheap. That's a huge plus but if you're looking for a good place to watch sports with like minded individuals you might as well keep going. Although I do think you should give it a shot because this might be a good place to make some wagers and walk with some side cash." "Best tomato soup ever.  Also love Thank you Brenda for giving us our regular ""Wing Wednesday"" hang-out!" I also tried the shrimp from the blackened shrimp Caesar salad and they were orgasmicly good. Full flavored with a slight spicy kick  loaded mashed potato balls deep fried....they were just okay.  I liked the mellow vibe here and they have an enclosed patio for smoking out front.  It had been awhile since I had been there so I'm not familiar with the food menu and would like to go back to check it out.  I'm a fan."  while feeling rushed to pay and leave rather than stay and relax like i thought friendly neighborhood restaurant environments should be We *love* this divey bar! It's actually not that divey at all. They have plenty of table space and a really delicious menu! We always sit in Virginia's section. She's been here forever and knows how to serve in a bar. They have tons of TVs and always play the games you want to see. And Off Track Horse Racing? They've got that too! Go Horsey Go! Their happy hour is awesome and I'm Sunday too! Regardless of if its a game day. Just go check them out. Favorite place to go chill drink and catch up love the environment and cozy customer service! They don't shirt hand your drink either!  we always stick to the happy hour menu since the options are delicious! Their buffalo wings  but I doubt that I'll return here again any time soon."  at first I was a little unsure but in the end I was in love! The tuna sliders were my absolute favorite thing on the menu." Love this place. The food is great. The staff is always friendly and attentive. The prices are affordable and its comfortable. If you are looking for a laid back environment with good food give it a try (love the eclectic mac and cheese with the armadillo gold chicken and the smothered chicken). top shelf indeed. great ambiance for eating and watching various sporting events on their tv screens. employees are amicable and flexible towards customers. neighborhood also enhances our favorite sports bar and grill in phoenix. CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ  my boyfriend ordered a burger with an English muffin bun and there was mold on it. We came here on St. Patrick's Day for their special menu and waited an hour and a half for our food. It wasn't very busy so we figured they were short staffed or something. The server didn't give us any explanation until after we were completely finished with dinner. Apparently one of their fryers had gone out so there was only one that could be used. That would have been a fine excuse if only we hadn't ordered Shepherd's Pie and Corned Beef & Cabbage (both were delish!)  and there were tons of sports tvs on. But we were seated in the restaurant area and that was totally normal. I had the Armadillo salad and it was soooo good. The tomato soup was amazing. Great place "The food here is amazing! Their food is excellent quality and the portions are large. The buffalo chicken sandwich is by far one of the best menu items! Also the papadillos (fried mashed potato balls with bacon inside) will melt in your mouth and the sweet potato fries are perfect. This is a great find and everyone is very friendly! If you are a beer person  ordered the chicken enchiladas and it was amazing! Good came fast and was still hot." Good food. Ordered the Pub burger and added jalapenos and onions. The server Christina was real attentive. Would recommend Great place.  We came here while waiting for our tire to be fixed at Discount tire.  Great service- the waitress really kept an eye on us.  We had the pita and hummus munchie. Delicious!   We'll be back. CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ Note - I detected some stale beer odor on a second visit June 7th in the early afternoon." CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ We will be back for sure and we highly recommend this restaurant for their friendly faces and fantastic food."  etc. The excellent customer service combined with the delicious food makes this a top spot for my friends and family." Good food and better people Good food.  Great service.  Super nice employees.  TV's for games.  Off track betting.  The only thing that could make this place better are the prices.  A bit expensive for what you get. Crappy club... But an amazing restaurant! Great Happy Hours for food and drinks! Recommended!  after 10 and nothing really good is open.  Skip the margaritas .. they're horrible .. stick with beer or straight alcohol :)" be on the lookout for randy. he'll probably talk to you"  lots of drink specials. If you like playing pool or darts this place is for you." The crowd is always friendly and the service is usually top notch."  perhaps the OBR can rise again... you let me know...."  there's a slight incline that's easy to get tripped up on. :-O  Regulars will back me up on this."  probably. I don't know that I'd go out of my way to get there If you want a good cheap breakfast this is the place to go. There food is very good and reasonably priced. I try to get there at least once a weekend. Very nice atmosphere. Seems like a good neighborhood hang out.  this place is pretty awesome once you get past the dark RIeWXLMHZQlYprYt1x2f1w  BBQ Beef w/ fries and Cole slaw. It was okay. The slaw was actually better than many places it had flavor beyond just mayo. The half pitcher of beer was cold. The bartender/waitress was friendly and had a sense of humor. The jukebox was playing and it was pumping out a great selection of classic rock hits. The place is pretty big. The bathroom is tiny and somewhat dingy. There must be 20 TVs there to watch. They have karaoke one night a week and have pretty good size stage/floor for that. They have a daily special and offer their cheap raved about breakfasts meals until 2pm daily. Half price on some appetizers as of 3pm and discount drinks. Place is a bit dark but clean. There is one pool table and two arcade games. It seems to me that it must be a serious drinking place because it doesn't offer much to do in the amount of space that is there. Oh and there is plenty of bar space to belly up to  they were cooked okay. Could have done a more presentable delivery of the meal at home. Have seen a more presentable job done at many other eateries through out the USA at independently owned or chain restaurants. So I'm in no rush to return here for the breakfast  including the interesting mix of patrons and wait staff. Even the just two choices of jam (concord grape or strawberry) seemed fitting. We were there before 10 am when alcohol could be served "This place is great!  If I want breakfast (served until 2pm!) it's hard to come up with something that sounds better than the Brass Rail.  It's cheap and it's straight forward  friendly service under $10 - - priceless.  It has a ton of old sports flags from all leagues and teams ... very clean (including the bathroom).  This place is kinda outta the way but definitely worth it.  All my friends visiting will experience this place at one point or another (closer to PHX :)"  you get the added bonus of checking out an old school cigarette vending machine on your way out.  I hope to return to Train Tracks of Brass Railroad Bar soon." This place gets 2 thumbs up from me!"  but I feel like it is a secret spot so don't tell your friends ;)  if you are in the area looking for a drink then definitely stop by." RIeWXLMHZQlYprYt1x2f1w It's cheap and is open at 6 a.m.  This is pretty much the only pros I can think of this place. I love this place. They have the cheapest and best breakfast food I've ever had. They make the best bacon in all the land!!  but the drinks are strong and the service is always friendly and on point." "Maybe it's because I was drinking heavily (which is NOT a usual occurance!) but I really liked this little hole in the wall!  The server was fantastic!  She kept our glasses filled at just the right times (which was way too many!)  I don't think most people tip well here because she was shocked with a good cash tip. (So when you go...be nice and tip well!)   The bathroom was clean  and the wait staff are always attentive. I have only visited during breakfast hours "Came here with a friend yesterday for breakfast. The food was good and the service was excellent. They have lots of televisions so I was able to watch the inauguration and highlights from the playoff games while I enjoyed my food. They have a standard two egg  but the poor ventilation left me smelling like greasy hash browns.  Was misled by the sign that indicated that this was a sports bar.   It's not I love places like Brass Rail and wish I had one right down the street from my house."  watch out for the floor/handicapped ramp as you enter/exit the building. It'll get ya!"  place. This is not a fancy place. This is not ""let's go here after church"" place. I don't even know if there's a dress code. There's charm and character tho. If you're in this neck of the woods and hangry check it out!"  and the karaoke was fun and had a receptive crowd. While not going to be a regular haunt The working man's breakfast hole that has been feeding locals cheaply  since long before many of us could identify Phoenix on the map.  If I was ever a location scout and needed a seedy local dive bar from which my main characters could procure a map from an unkempt local in order to launch their adventure i would start here.  its been spotty so I think I'll give it some time before I try them again.. :/" I also hope to check the place out in the evening." This place has great service..yummy breakfast..and a kick back atmosphere.  I love it here! Love this joint. Best breakfast for the buck. BnB Breakfast aNd Beer. Love the staff. Yay tacos. "Down-home live music dive that's family owned and offers a great value for the money. Cheap drinks Breakfast is great and good music." Fun looking place. Horrible experience. Came for st paddy's. Old waitress made sure to ignore us as we stood by the bar until it was too obvious she was ignoring us. She gave us our beers and closed me out without offering to keep it open.(I planned on staying longer). While enjoying our beers outside patio we steered clear away from the smokers to enjoy outside. One regular made sure to come all the way to stand next to our table and smoke. Obviously if ur not a regular you not welcome here.  came back for the massive nachos with chicken!  Our server was sweet and took great care of us.  My friend had the club sandwich that did not disappoint.  Awesome lunch gem!" Fantastic Sunday breakfast with great service and yummy bloodys  and mimosas. Very friendly place and open early! They have a full bar as well. Dive bar near Wal mart and home depot.... Great breakfast  specials.... Bartenders have always been friendly and fast... Seems like it has lots regulars but accepts us that drop in. Medium rare on burger was pushing rare beer specials on domestics are dirt cheap haven't had wings yet  porkchops and it's all very good. The place has a good vibe. The staff and patrons are friendly.  The only thing is the service can be slow and I've experienced the karaoke host skipping people(I've paid attention) but if you want great food at somewhat reasonable prices I came all the way from L.A. & they was closed!! For a a whole week!!! I'm really disappointed. The food is bomb. How's a place like this going to be closed for a week??? You need to open asap! "A friend brought me here for breakfast and I was impressed.  Not much in the outside  which could be a problem if you have been emphasizing the ""bar"" over the ""grill"". The Ole Brass Rail's dcor could be termed sports bar basic Still good service friendly staff good variety in menu choices.... Had full slab rib dinner for 16 corn toast beans Cole slaw and full rack... You can tell the sauce is chef recipe and not just bottle. Tastes like a Kansas vinegar based bbq mop sauce. Nice and tender. I would get it again . Still seems like Lotta regulars plenty of tvs snf game on with sound. Most everyone sits at the bar. Handful of tables could probably seat 50-75 total on avg 10-20 people I love this place. Foods always great bartenders are so nice. Bloody Mary's are amazing ! I always stick to the biscuits and gravy  multiple tables waiting for their orders to be taken. A hello or a be right with you would have gone a long way "Great breakfast for the price!  Everyone seemed to be enjoying their four dollar bloody Marys.  The OK was fresh.  Lots of friendly films Bad service. Been in this place many times. Drive from laveen. I always come in with my Starbucks coffee and order a bloody marry and breakfast. Well today I was asked to leave I asked the lady you really gonna kick me out for bringing in my coffee? I even ordered a drink. She was in a bad mood for some reason I was asked to leave again. Slow hole in wall spot like this should be happy people return to continue to pass their business along. Well today they lost my business from now on. Been coming here for 5yrs. Never had this issue. I get it if I didn't order a drink but the fact is that was the first thing I ordered was a drink and still told I couldn't have my coffee. I have been to the brass rail several times but today is the last time for me. The baby boomer waitress acted like it was an inconvenience to her that I was there. The owner was called over because I wanted  a substitution.  He said he would fire the waitress who had been serving me the meal I had requested in the past. (Is 1 biscuit with gravy instead of hash browns really that difficult? ). I wasn't asking for anything for free. The previous non-baby boomer waitress gave me a small up charge and I got the food I had requested. Today I was flatly told no. Incredible.  the drinks are cheap and the old Phoenix atmosphere is free.  You got to try once to say you've gone there."  and choice of bread) to $5.  Last time we went though the food wasn't so bad.  If it's still hit or miss though  but with a group of friends it made it easier. It's a place that people can just have fun and sing and not have to be in total performance mode--just com and enjoy singing. Had the French dip and it was reliable. Drinks were fine and plentiful. Service was nice and fast. Had a good time." "This seat yourself places serves traditional bar food with great prices and good service. My chicken sandwich was juicy and flavorful.  Plus they have crinkle fries! They serve breakfast until 2 and even though we didn't try it "Best breakfast place. You get a lot at a low price. Been going for years now. Service is great RIeWXLMHZQlYprYt1x2f1w  they do well. And judging from the packed parking lot at each visit  my favorite. Worth the short drive from mid Scottsdale. Eggs Benedict is delish!  The hollandaise Was in this morning for breakfast and the $5 breakfast option didn't disappoint.  The place appeared clean and we only waited for a minute or so before we were waited on by our server. There appeared to be lots of regulars and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves and their food/beverages.  It was my first time and will be back.  Hoping to make it our weekend soccer viewing bar as well. "I was here randomly with my step-uncle one day.  It's a low key place with some interesting folks.  Mostly of the 40+ age group.  Drinks are cheap.  As far as I know The drinks are priced good and they have some nice breakfast specials too. The pizza is really good as well. We ordered the super jumbo pizza for my husbands birthday and it barely fit in the trunk of my car - if you want the WOW factor at a party; order one of these. I posted a pic of my husband holding one of the monster pizza's so you have an idea of what to expect."  we indulged in ASU girl shots which are awesomely served in a pee cup! There's always the opportunity for off track betting here and  the food quality (mostly the burgers)is not the best and the service is friendly  They have bands playing there now on occasion and that seems to draw in a crowd. Oh  pies as big as 26"" perfect for parties and wings that my family loves.  they have pizza and wing specials - good prices and yummy food!" "Awesome find! We have been looking for a neighborhood bar since we just moved and have found our new spot. The bartender (we can't remember her name) was so friendly and welcoming. We would come back just because of her. But the food was good too. They have a typical bar menu On a side note-I would not recommend this place for a ladies night   and I would likely return."  and Fantastic cheese curds.  The rest of the food was good enough.  We went here because of a yelp deal and will probably return again.  Probably won't order the pizza or wings but plenty big menu to try something different.  Also some how Love the pizza! Awesome service! Perfect sports bar.  I asked the big guy if he can switch the games on the left side(but in Spanish) he said no problem.. 4mins later.. We had both games on are screens.. We went all week to watch the games. Awesome place...great fast service !!!  Thanks big guy!!"  she was extremely  busy but managed to always have my drink full. I came in after a bad day at work and am having a blast. Looks like they have a Texas hold em game going.  Will definitely be making this a regular spot. Wonderful deep fried mushrooms. I have to come back when I am hungry to try the rest! !"  fries and whatever special is on the board.  Another bonus is the new gaming tablets from Buzz Time.  We played some free poker with others across the bar while we ate at our table.  It was really fun to have a game at the table while eating.  We plan on doing the Trivia next.  The beers are always cold and there is a good selection on tap.  Employees are friendly Considering the distance from our house we would probably not be going back. Nothing memorable here!!" My boyfriend and I visited Big Daddy's for lunch on a Thursday.   The restaurant is out dated and dingy on the inside.  There were only a handful of other patrons in the place when we arrived.  The waitress/bartender was not attentive or friendly to us at all even though she was not busy.  It almost felt as though we were bothering her.  The food took awhile to come out but was not too bad as far as bar food goes.  Would we return to Big Daddy's?   Probably not.  pretty good food and off track betting that I have tried a couple times.  This is a Browns bar and While a Lions fan I do root for the Browns.  It has a much more local feel to it.  The staff has very limited turn over and I went there about 5 times in November but when I went back about a month later the bartender asked if I wanted a Blue Moon which is my favorite.  That is pretty neat."  and local charity events to raise $ for individuals and the community in which he does business. The band he booked for the 2014 Christmas Party at the restaurant/bar was insanely talented Love this place!! Beer is cheap and so are the wings. Have been there 10 times or so and big daddy says hello everytime. Everyone is very welcoming. Their food is also amazing!! Love this place! Beer is cold food is decent! Big Daddy is one of the nicest guys you will meet at the bar. He always says hi to everyone and wants them to have a good time. Bartenders are always friendly. Great little neighborhood bar!  fresh hand formed burger patty on a freshly toasted bun. Mixed drinks in mini pitchers! I love it! Wish we had a place with this much going for it in Las Vegas! Way to go Big Daddy's!"  was worth the time to check it out  they are. Pretty good bar food at great prices. I happened to stumble in on some sort of anniversary for the place  the place was empty.  Didn't take long to figure out why.  No Monday night happy hour.  No happy hour any day of the week.  .60 cent wings is not gonna keep us coming back.  We will come back if they bring happy hour back.  Great place to go  the prices are low.  Surprisingly they have really good food  dang. Thumbs up from me. Would not have guessed at first site.  Won't hesitate to come back again." It's ideal for a Sunday night in a big hoodie with an old friend or two and a pitcher (or three)."  complete with pool table and darts.  A good place for day-drinking or night drinking.  Jukebox is filled with your classic rock and metal choices.  Decent drink prices as I recall."  service is quick and prices better then reasonable (kudos to the owners). Probably the best feature of Dizzy's is the crowd E5QyEU6FCQwnTys0S73zNw This place is a great dive bar. We love the drink prices and the people here are laid back and cool. (no need to worry about any fights that I could tell) Highly recommend if you like dive bars. Also they have pool tables and darts. Dizzy's is pretty much a solid bet on all these items except for all the damn country music that some patrons think is listenable."  Ive never heard of someone asking for a ""Rum N Pepsi"" before.  So yes.. 1 star is for my diet pepsi!!  :)" Pleasantly surprised.....with this little find!  We went there to see a friend from out of town play for a fundraiser for a child who is ill.  It's definitely something you'd find near the beach.  $3 drafts...and full bar.  Packed house....just North of the Vig UpTown.  Definitely a casual dive and fun too!  have cool clientele and you can order a Totino's frozen pizza for $3 if you're hungry late at night."  has pool tables and darts and a jukebox. So I honestly don't know what's not to like about Dizzy's. I'm going to make a conscious effort to come here more often Free pool twice a week. Cheap drinks all week. Bill keeps the felt and sticks in good shape. The darts are top notch as well. No kitchen. I think the owner should look into a little fryer/oven for some more bar snacks but great place to enjoy a couple cold ones with friends.Nice and dark so everyone looks good after a couple rounds. Dizzys is such a great little bar with great prices. All the bartenders there are amazing and extremely friendly. Its great for a fun friday night or even for a cold dark place to hang out in the middle of the day to escape the heat. It is now a home away from home for me and I would recommend it to anyone. If you're in the area and looking to munch on some wings and a beer or two "I pass by this place every day on my way back to hotel so decided to check it out early this week.  Food is alright  and a very friendly staff.  They also have free wifi.  I guess that means you can bet on the internet about the sports you are watching while you drink and watch with friends."  and the lack of understanding by the management.   The food isn't enough to get me back  but isn't the worst.  I do have to say that the wait staff is very friendly.  It is a good place to go after work to have a few drinks and watch a game." I don't know of anywhere in my area that has the trivia/touch screen games anymore.  I sit here and play poker online and bluff my way to beating everybody's ass most of the time.  Great fun!"  there were a couple of Eagles fans in the group :-)).  Service was friendly but slow.  It didn't help that the waitress assignments changed for some of our group partway through the game.  The place was packed and everything was stretched to the limit.  Glassware became a problem and for a while beer came in room temperature glasses and mixed drinks were coming in whatever vessel could be found.  From what I saw and tasted of the food it was all OK except for the one salad I saw come out We will be back! And when College football starts again we will be turning this into a ""buckeyes"" bar!"  then hands-down these are the best nachos in the Valley. (If you like real cheese on your nachos Damn.... I still can't choose between a 3 and 4 .... I know I will be back ... I'm going with 3 and if I'm impressed next time F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A As long as the don't run out of glasses again of course..." Overall I like Gallagher's it's a great place for some bar food and few beers." I haven't been here other than for lunches  I will be back to continue my assault on my digestive track."  and this place will get more stars.  I should note that I am quite sure they messed up my check.  The beers were supposed to each be $4 F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A "I come back because the ladies pour a good whiskey & 7 and the wings are awesome. The Happy hour drink prices also get me to return. I like the decor of the bar and it draws a good regular crowd. Not into the off-site track beating but it's there. Both the bartenders I have dealt with have been really nice and made an effort to remember my name on a later visit. That's pretty nice If i am ever back in this area I will be back."  the green beer was flowing as one might expect at a discounted rate. There was a corn beef & cabbage plate special being offered up as well as the usual menu items and the Wed .40 cent wing deal they now have started. There was St Paddys day decoration and give aways from happy hour into the evening. A fun and lively pub it was. My only complaint was that drinks were all being served in limp little plastic cups; mixed drinks and the beer."  bar food.   Kind of dead but it seemed like many places in Phoenix are these days.  Likely a function of the economy and the degree to which Phoenix is overbuilt."  it seemed like a fun idea.  Highly enjoyed Gallagher's!  I had a fantastic beer on draft for $2.50.  Hard to beat that price!  Then I ordered the smoked meat platter with pulled pork (BBQ sauce).  It came with two sides and there were many great ones to choose from.  I decided on the sweet potato fries and the BBQ beans.  Really loved their BBQ sauce and would order the meat platter again.  The true highlight was their spicy BBQ beans.  They were so flavorful! The only person that makes beans comparable is my mom. My mom's are the BEST but Gallagher's comes in 2nd place.  Service was prompt and there are lots of TV's so it makes it very easy to watch a game and enjoy your meal.  If I lived in Phoenix  it was pretty good.  Not spicy at all.  I ordered the Chicken Cordon Blu Sandwich for dinner.  The sandwich is big and tons of fries on the side.  The sandwich was ok (enough chicken  quality atmosphere.  Not all that busy but that made it easier to converse with our friends.  Good place to meet up with friends and have a relaxing evening."  price was rite. They had this raspberry mayo for the sweet potato fries..really creative and yumny. Lots of chicken wing sauce choices...i like to try new things. I will go back."  service is great and it's all walks of life in there as far as customers go so you'll always be entertained.  even if you see the parking lot is packed there is a TON of seating so don't let that fool you ..."  as they always are and i ventured out one night with a burger and had no complaints there either. If you're a sports fan or you gamble  but noisy kids friendly it seems. The wings are good."  the food wasn't very good either. We spent most of our time waiting. Our appetizer was the last thing brought out  and accompanied by garlic bread. I think this place has potential but I ordered wrong. I sat at the bar and service was mediocre. Price was pretty low though. Good place to watch the game." Without a doubt the rudest wait staff I have ever been around.  Skip this place!  and I had a burger which was eh...nothing to write home about. The bartender kept pulling up her skirt and showing the guys at the bar her st patty's day panties...oh well  I love the Tortilla Club Wrap and their seasoned fries (dipped in chipotle ranch).  Do not order the sliders... they tasted wierd.  It never gets packed.  A lot of the regulars go there for the Off-Track Betting.  During the football season it is a great low key place to watch the game if you don't want to deal with all those loud and obnoxious fans."  it came out black but being adventurous i tried it thinking it was a different kind of breading. Boy was i wrong! It was completely burnt. So we sent it back our other food came out and then the new calamari came out.  Much better this time until we got down to the plate. It was the old plate I read all of the reviews and while in Phoenix decided to go to this establishment. Was really excited by the menu.........the service was horrible.....food took forever! Will not return.  you won't be disappointed but won't get overly exciting. The buffalo Chicken Pizza is pretty awesome but could also kill you. The staff is friendly and accommodating and they have a decent selection of beers and daily specials."  and the sound system was horrible for karaoke.  They need to close down I learned two things--never order a salad from a bar (unless it is a salad bar) "It's kind of divey but the buffalo wings are amazing On karaoke night there is this older gentleman who belts out all your favorite grunge tunes from the 90's. I don't like karaoke but this is a treat  was a fun place to be for Thursday night Football. Food was so-so but the friendliness and locals who hang there were great. Definitely a place to go for an Arizona Team game! Thanks Y'all for making me feel welcome even if I was only here for a few days."  honestly. This place gets two stars for being an average/below average sports bar chain with nothing much to offer. Their business model needs an update ZREDycnu3rhgDvhBdcm4wA Best boneless wings ever. Great staff and great prices  and it is loud and obnoxious. This place has pretty much run it's course. Time for it to close and re-open as something else. Hopefully under new ownership. And minus the karaoke." Boneless wings are delicious however does not make up for the crappy service. Waitress was unfriendly and too busy. Threw a printed piece of paper my way when I asked what was on tap and seemed preoccupied with her kids talking to her. Rarely checked back probably because my boyfriend and I are younger and she assumed wed be bad tippers because all the tables around us got plenty of attention. Here's the kicker michelob ultra is considered a premium here. I'm a bartender in the majority of the bars that I frequent and work for this is not the case. When I asked for a manager her attitude was snotty about it. I won't be back.  over cooked and hard fried.  Service was shameful.  I was by myself and practically ignored.  Go somewhere else.  The prices aren't that great.  There are plenty of better establishments for drinks and appetizers." Never coming back for a special event here. I did go to the 7th St and Union Hills location for Preakness and had a MUCH better experience. Get your act together on 16th St and I could be persuaded to try again."  dont go here just plain and simple because the service absolutely sucks and the management and other employess obviously do not care how their restaurant is portrayed." It is too bad that there are no zero stars options." i will only give it 2 stars b/c the dj for karoake was awesome and the food was good. on the negatives-some of the worst service i've ever had and i've been to a lot of bars/restaurants. the server repeatedly forgot my tables drinks. at one point i just went up to the bar to get a refill-it was so much quicker. my fiance went to get my one drink that was sitting at the bar for 10 minutes when she saw that she got it and gave it to me saying there was computer problems-hmm yea right. i had to ask for my check twice because i was waiting for 20 minutes for it. just terrible and i could on but i'll spare you. trust me i was a server for years so i understand getting slammed but it wasn't busy and she should've asked for help and not made up that there was computer problems. also i got a mixed drink and so did my friend and it didn't taste like any alcohol. despite all this my friends and i still had a really good time b/c of karoake. still don't think ill be back there anytime soon. F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A "Awesome wings! Try the raspberry chipotle...   Service is hit or miss Love this place.  It's always comfortable and service is great.  Food was awesome and coldest beers in town.  sports on TV and prices. Not too bad.  What else can you ask for?"  the food was very good. But the service was slow.  We had to get back to work and we were late getting back."  no one even addressed us. It was not busy so there's no reason for them to have such horrible service. Don't go here!" I would recommend to anyone."  but its about 50/50 with the servers about half being polite and the other half just acting like they really didn't want to be there much less serve you. However when drinks are $2.75 a piece  yummy food and a great place to watch football. Very attentive wait staff."  I haven't dropped by just to ""have a beer"" but will be sure to update with some feedback on that as well. I will say that their beer selection is quite good though. No complaints whatsoever!"  very polite & offered great beer & food suggestions. If you come here on any weekday - ask for the special -today its Tuesday thus "July 5th while dining at Gallaghers on 7575 n 16 St there was a cockroach in our water. While the waiter was fantastic in handling this disgusting discovery the manager did not bother to come and talk to us and decided that comping one domestic beer and  a 6 dollar happy hour entree was sufficient. In addition iusXNXCQnCsL4sAopjKAvg  would you like to order food.  He said nothing to us.  But went around to all other tables.  Bartender went had a cigarette played on her phone but never asked us if we were doing ok or what would you like to order(since we specifically asked for a menu).   By the way my husband ordered a bud light I wish I could find somewhere in Northern California that made chicken wings as great as these were I just can't stop saying enough about how much I enjoyed the boneless chicken wings and you get to pick your own sauce." Good selection of beer but the service sucks plan accordingly and add an additional hour to get you food and anybody to come and take your order and bring your bill.  This has happened on more than one occasion. Don't care to ever come back.  if you are not a regular good luck. They should be ashamed of the way they way they treat people. The best advice I can give is for a fun night out go anywhere but here! The food is horrible  I like this place. Fish tacos and the kabobs are good!  Friday night Karioke is just not my thing but it does get a crowd. Join their affinity program and get points toward future purchases. Saves a few bucks here and there.  because we didn't want to send it back and wait another 45 minutes.  Three other people ordered the Cobb Salad off the Daily Special  .. the sizes and cost of the salads were all different.  ???   There are no prices listed on the Daily Specials...don't be fooled they are 5 We made a mistake going there. My wife read lousy reviews but went anyway since close to hotel and a place to watch basketball. The food was not good and wife felt sick next day. Very bland boneless wings that were small pieces and no flavor. The pizza was acceptable. The lettuce was terrible. Limp is one way to describe it. The baked potato was served on a bed of ?We were not sure what it was. Service was fine . Beer cold. It was odd that twice they came to our table trying to deliver someone else's food. We did watch basketball and had many televisions.  but food is typical of what you should expect in a sports bar. If a meal is not on you to do list "Great beers on tap and a solid place to watch a game "Went here with a buddy to watch the NHL playoffs on a Saturday. We sat at the bar roughly around 6pm. We each had several drinks and planned on staying for food also when a family of around 12-15 people came in and they put together tables so they can all sit in the bar. Had no issue with that until one of the toddlers started crying non-stop. This went on for around 30 minutes and the parents did nothing to stop the child F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A  but the food was terrible.  Nacho cheese was wiz and buffalo chicken tenders were undercooked. Not sure why  had HORRIBLE diarrhea and stomach aches!!!! This lasted a couple hours! NEVER AGAIN WILL I EAT AT THIS PLACE!!! EVER!!!!!" TIP: I saw one couple both do the challenge and they used forks to take the meat off the bone sntead of getting the sauce all over their lips and face. They were smart!! I'd do it like them if I ate wings!!"  to the guy who looks like Jesus and had the 1st place record for eating some absurd amount of these (100 maybe?): bravo The real challenge here was trying to make it through all 13 wings while a rather large women in a mini-skirt showed off her pool playing abilities.  That deserves a waiver of its own!" I firmly believe the cooks are Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.  Dr. Jekyll does a great job in the kitchen and I am a fan of his work.   The buffalo shrimp and fajitas are AWESOME.   But man-o-man do I hate it when Mr. Hyde is working...he forgets to keep the kitchen fully stocked and he can't even make a salad!" I have a challenge to any restaurant that has the guts to take it.  I want to a spicy food challenge worthy of the valley of the sun home of 120 degree temps.  Any takers?" It's unfortunate. I was really looking forward to this  the ""special"" is a 50cents discount off the full price.  Our group also experienced the sewage odor that was noted by previous reviewers.  Staff were adequate and offered basic service. Margaritas were nothing to write home about." "Eeeeh maybe I'm not the sports bar type... But idk about Peppers.. Only had a couple of beers with my friends here at happy hour.. Ambience.. Umm well All the food is consistently satisfying. The environment is friendly and many of the folks are regulars Can't wait to return and try the pizza or calzone...."  Italian food close to home. My daughter took me here for a birthday lunch and I was in heaven. The cheese calzone was huge kvxrjOmicwb2njvXOJsZRw  but it sadly did not meet my expectations. This is a great place to watch sports because they have big flat screen TVs lining the bar and the service is good (very quick at getting you another drink). The disappointing part was the food. I may have chosen poorly though  good amount of TVs. The service was on par.   The food was just not great as suggested by others.There are better unassuming Italian eats in the valley."  THIS IS A BAR. Don't post a review slamming the decor when you didn't do your research first." Stopped in for a quick beer while we finished watching a baseball game.  Great little dive bar that appeared to have some decent food.  Next time I am in the moon valley area I will have to give the food a try. qgjIJ1m4_nISEy3ry_nfIQ  and drafts are all average in my opinion." "Good local sports bar with good service  as much as one loathes hearing that type of characterization.  Italian food here is solid "I consider this place my local bar. I live down the street in the Moon Valley area and it's always a great late-night choice. The beer selection is nice and the food isn't bad. Their kitchen's selection is not your average bar food. They have full pasta dishes  and the rest of the staff are terrific--and fun--servers." Ammaccapanes very bad customer will keep me from ever stepping foot inside again. I work near buy and myself and coworkers frequent it. Lindsay the bar tender and john the bouncer have alway treated me very well. Oct 6 2013 1030pm I took a friend there for a beer and wings. The male bartender put in my order and brougt me a sm pitcher of kilt. My friend got a blue moon. I was waiting for my wings it wasn't busy as I finished my 1st beer. Second beer down still no wings last half beer started and I asked bartender to cancel wings. If I can't enjoy them with the beer what's the point. He acted as if I was being an a$$. And told me he won't void it cause he will have to pay for it. All with attitude. He checked the ticket time and it was over22 min for Wings wtf. I'm not paying for them I stated. He then explained how his boss the owner makes them pay for all voids and walkouts. This is illegal. The attitude and the owner being a jack hole is why I will never return. I will miss lindsay she was always great. If the male bartenders story was true or not. I paid for the drinks gave the tender some labor advice tipped to cover the wings and left. Sad and unhappy. This place craps on it guests threw the owners bad managing and the male bartender has no clue what customer service is about. Don't waste your time or money here unless lindsay is at the bar. Really. I'm always happy with my experience here and I get to support a local business and family with history in the valley. I can't ask for much more. Will continue to be a patron here.  Great hangout."   everyone has been here.  Best mixed drinks and they have my favorite beer kvxrjOmicwb2njvXOJsZRw Bad bad service.  And with attitude. Everytime I give it another try I regret it. The food was great and service was best in North Phx. Nicole was very pleasant and made sure we were taken care of....always a great local spot.  and the atmosphere is laid back. Will return."  food and fun with your friends/coworkers!  Thank You Ralphie (the owner)!  Love You.  xxxoooxxx" Omg I have never been to a bar with food this good stared with mac n cheese popper Amazing chicken noodle soup like grandma would make. Then the fettuccine alfredo and Laura's stuffed shells with bacon and mushroom it was like butter so rich and creamy. I loved it. Wow this place was great. Walking in you wouldn't guess it but they have a great menu and everything is fresh and handmade each day by the owner. This place is definitely one of those hidden gems. I'll be back.  tuna melt and hot dogs!  Good pours and good variety of beers on tap!  Deana is incredible!  Family hospitality!" I love it here. Great pizza and wings! Actually everything on the menu is delicious! Nice family owned and operated atmosphere and drinks are poured generously! Outstanding place! Great food and tap beers. All the food is great. I love the burgers and of course the steak sandwich. NY strip on great bread. Great meal for the price point.  Best steak sandwich I've ever had! Not impressed.  Ordered medium-well (some pink) patty melt and fries.  Fries were not fresh but frozen junk and burger was dripping in so much blood the bread was soaked through.  Lost my appetite and left. Came here with a large group of 49 people. The management was alerted to the group and that they would be eating dinner. The management did not staff the kitchen and wait staff to accommodate this group. It took over 45 minutes to get the food to our group. Staff did he best they could under the circumstances.     Once the food arrived it was very good. This made up for the wait. Drinks were strong and the staff were friendly. The place had a Heath score of A. Plates were hot and the food delicious. Would stop here again when not sign with a group to see how the food is delivered. The most authentic home made food I have ever had! The chef is fantastic! Must try the shells Laura style!!! "I've been on a mission to try a new pizza place weekly. I love pizza - I like thin or hand crust primarily. Open to a variety of toppings w/the exception of ham and pineapple. I have tried at least 15 restaurants recently and hands down this place has THE BEST PIZZA EVER!! Shock Top on tap  tried to start an altercation with a customer. It took another employee and customer to get him to stop trying to fight. It made the atmosphere very uncomfortable we had to leave." "Good food great service and atmosphere!  We stopped in for a quick Drink and really dug it.  Super comfortable friendly employees Ran the bartender made the best chocolate martini  I had in a long time. Simply great! You really can't go wrong with any of the Italian dishes on the menu.  Eggplant and white clam linguine are delicious. Great wings and a solid local hang out. Numerous beers on tap. One giant horseshoe shaped bar that takes up half the restaurant. Lots of tvs and a great atmosphere.  the waitress whom never had time to talk to us apologized about some of the deficiencies. Not sure if Cheryl was being genuine or fishing for a tip but the timing was off." We've been coming here for over a year and the food is great.  It gets 4 stars.  The service is so hit or miss that it gets 2 stars as an average. Love this comfortable atmosphere of this place though and all the food I have had there is really good." "Good news - Gallagher's on Union Hills is back!  We had been going to this bar for years and then it closed.  Reopened as ""Cheerleaders"" and was God-awful.  Then Gallagher's came back and their menu is more extensive and the food is even better.  They're in the process of remodeling and we were told will have new seating in the dining area so bare with the crappy booth seats for now.  We've have the wings every time and they've never failed us - also breaded zucchini is so much better - light Pachenko type of batter.  We've also had the sliders - meat portion was good but they need to improve on the buns as they were kind of stale store bought kind.  Other than that  I've had to go up to the bar to order my food since there doesn't seem to be a waitstaff here (that doesn't bother me one bit). I have a feeling I'll be seeing this place a lot in the future."  I finally got a water.  Then I sat there for over 15 minutes and I was never approached.  They walked by me over 20 times and didn't say a word to me.  I can't rate the food because I was never served but there was no service!  You must be a regular for them to care that you are there or you must be in a pre paid party!  I will never stip into this place again and I will continue to tell everyone I know to stay away." Food is always tasty!" Awesome fish fry and great atmosphere. Glad they have reopened and food is great. I'll certainly come back here on gameday if I'm in this neighborhood."  their wings are amazing and cheap after 10 on Saturday. Our bill was a shocker to us because we drank alot and ordered some wings. So very reasonable. We will most definitely return soon." Ask to be seated in veronicas section.  bathrooms unusable and food just gross.  On our final visit both my wife and I were sick the rest of the night.  Approach with caution... you have been warned!!"  everything. The food is better than your average bar fare and they usually have a good drink special going...the karaoke is hilarious to watch ;) Interesting mix of people The staff is always consistently friendly and on point. I really do love it here and am super happy it's so close to home!" Happy hour is okay. They could step up their game if the bartenders would give you a real pour and not make excuses when a drink tastes like more water than it does alcohol or soda... you think to keep good PR you'd at least comp that drink of the customer is adamant on the drink sucking (unfortunately my friend didn't get that normal service)." Excellent boneless wings with a nice happy hour price. Great service great food. And the bacon queso fries are my new addiction.  or on a lazy weekend afternoon.....had the Mediterranean Wrap with Fresh steamed Veggies( don't laugh we're on a fitness program) it was very good for splitting and was fresh and pleasantly tasting... goes to prove you can find healthy food at a local bar lol..............  Been going here off and on for 12 years wont stop!!!"  the karaoke DJ dedicated feel like making love. To his mother for Mother's Day. No joke. If you're cool with watching your bartender eat food and snack on fruit non stop behind the bar and don't care about unevenly padded barstools Awesome place. I just moved to Arizona and use yelp to find everything and I am glad I found this place. It's my new spot! .. und das ist nach ein enttuscht kritiker" We came in smiling and she totally killed the mood."  probably wont come back."  but don't expect to be able to rehydrate here...  I've heard it's a good place when it's hopping  you can catch whatever sporting activity your heart desires! It was a fun time with my friends."  but the OTB really brings down the energy. The feeling of hopelessness follows OTB like a desperate ex-girlfriend. I live less than a block away "The wings were great and they carried local micro brew. Watched the giants beat the cards The tvs are smaller than the location on carefree highway but the wings are better and local brew choices Love coming here! I come on Fridays and hang out in the bar. Gwen is a great bartender and it's always a great mix of people. Their food is great too. Much better than any bar food I've ever had. If you're looking for a great local bar where they know your name and drink order this is the place to be.  happy employees. Good place to go if you like off track betting and lots of tv's  but about the service we received on ONE occasion when we stopped in for dinner."  fried mozzarella sticks and a salad. We all liked our meals." Great choices of food. Also Great food. Good service for the most part. We are weekly regulars here. And their white chocolate chip macadamia nut cookie and ice cream is one of the best I've had. Came here for lunch for wings and a place to watch some college basketball. My fianc had the medium and I had the honey BBQ. He enjoyed his but mine were way too saucy. I had to wipe quite a bit off to enjoy them. The flavor was good but just too much. The restaurant is clean and our server was good. The only other complaint was there was quite a bit of horse races on and people around us were very serious about the races which made watching basketball a little bit of a challenge. It seemed like if you weren't into the races then you were kinda ignored.   and overall welcoming and inviting. The gal behind the bar was 110%. I hate going to bars to enjoy spending my money and having the barmaid or man "Our apartment complex had catering from Gallaghers and I really enjoyed the chicken bacon ranch wraps! Very delicious! The wings were a little on the mushy and fatty side Horrible food!!!!! Great Service:) The wings were not seasoned properly. It was not appetizing and probably won't go back to try something different.... "Great food for a sports bar. A lot of TV's and modest pricing. The wings have multiple sauce options and are always cooked perfectly "Staff wasn't all that excited to be staff. I guess it's a Phoenix thing but my dollars spend the same in every state so that's no excuse in my mind. Fish fry isn't beer battered cod loins Great place to grab a drank and get some munchies! Friendly staff and a decent environment! Their ghost pepper sauce is actually hot.  sat in the well waiting for their drinks and still nothing. By far the worst way to start off. We looked around and finally were over it and walked right out. At least greet your tables!! Cmon I get it  picture happiness in a skillet. For those of you who want more details... picture a skillet with the most delicious cookie dough still warm and googy with ice cream on top! It is a ten in itself with no need to mention the kind friendly service or other good food (such as wonderful boneless wings that are easy to eat and taste great)." Peter was our server and did wonderful all day football Sunday. We're a group of gay men who love good service and football. Peter is our guy! The bartender was a younger girl who was awful..  no chips. No show. Worst part is owner sat there and stared at us and talked smack to staff about us impatiently waiting for someone. No one could break from that worthless huddle to take ten steps away from their dramatic clump of despair lamenting how busy they are(n't). Again  and I am pretty sure she stayed away because she knew I was not happy with the food.  I cannot speak to any other items on the menu as I did not have any Worst service EVER!!!!! Don't go Saturday nights. There's a waitress with black hair cut in a bob and a waiter with a pointy beard. Both must hate their life because they certainly act like it. him more than her. Been there many times thinking they just had a bad night but it is like that every visit we've gone. Straw that broke the camels back he decides to overindulge himself a $50 tip. Didn't notice it till the next day when we called to try to get our money back all they offered was a gift card to that nasty restaurant. The owners would be so disappointed to know how these waiters and waitresses gave their company such a bad name. My friends and family and I will never step foot in another Gallagher's again.  great service. Lots of tv's with different sports on. I was surprised how good the food was for a sports bar. They have off track betting here too. Thursday nights are trivia. Comfortable booths and clean tables. Good prices even when it's not happy hour. We definitely will be back!"  attentive server. This place was recommended by my sister. The burgers were good  my son had the chili cheese burger it looked mouthwatering and according to my son it was one of the best burgers he's had since we have been in Phoenix.  Service was very friendly and it was a very kick back relaxed atmosphere."  the food is great from the one sandwhich I ate. I did signup for a ""discount card"" they offer. It is a point system and you get discounts off of the food and a special something on birthdays." "Everytime I go to this places I am surprised.  I just expect it to be bad but the food is actually really good. I have had a salad The epitome of a GREAT sports bar!" "CASEY JONES PUB AND GRILL-- WHERE THE BIG GIRLS-- ALL GET DOWN WITH THE JELLO! HELLO! What an influx of con queso that was! Recomends the three: Burger with Lentil  they had UFC 116 on for free. Not many places in California even show the fights and they definitely are not free! Also after 10 p.m they have $1.50 small pitchers of domestics. SOOO that speaks for itself!! The food is typical barfood but it is very good so you can't go wrong there.  I will continue to go here whenever I come to phoenix!!"  but the service seems better and the food sure as heck tastes better.   They make some pretty good BBQ here as well.     Not a gourmet dining experience but they live up to the expectations of a sports bar and then some."  I need to say that I'm an acquaintance of one of the owners here A generous two stars for this visit considering the filthy table."  good beer experience.  They have finally started expanding their beer list from the regular domestic beers.  They have some local beer as well as Odells!!!  YUM.  Plenty of TVs to go around and a cute little train motif for the kids." Love this place.  We go all the time.  Wings are the best cocktails are good and well priced.  Don't confuse with the terrible place with a similar name on Thurnderbird and 43 avenue. vFJmFFfPVhHkC3bWOeZnNA  friendly staff and decent food! Short  rings and sweet potato fries. Now compared to other bars like Tailgaters the same order of food plus a bucket of beers and 4 Malibu n Cokes = $45 with food being just as good. So if you want bar food this is not the place to go. By the amount of empty seats the problem is your food pricing. Your a bar not a fine diner!"  we were rewarded with two burgers that not only seemed to be bleeding but the cheese the oozed out of them reminded me of a horror flick where the guy gets stabbed and his guts just pour out.   After taking the burgers back to the kitchen and being assured the would be taken care of  we migrated to that area and got to horse around a bit. For a Saturday night  but that is coming from a Raiders fan. :(" This boring/neutral review pretty much sums it up. Um...Cheers?" I love their cheesesteaks. And I love the beer on tap- it is the coldest beer I have ever had and I look forward to it. YUM! Wish they still had Sam Adams on tap though. ;-(  is terrible.  A week ago I went in; it started the season off on a bad note... I even called the manager over to explain that I am a loyal customer and hadn't seen it this bad EVER.  He didn't have much to say as I gave him some gentle feedback on my experiences The cheese curds are glorious!!! Reminds me of Midwest food and the service is good. Great place to watch football games and have a good time But whats new with karaoke..."  exactly how you ask for them. Normally I order a burger medium and it comes well well well done. Here you order it medium Overall though it was a fun night with good service!" $2.25 bud light draft. $3.00 craft beers on Thursday I think. Anyway "My father has been going there for years and I have met him there. I recently started going there on my own and found it to be an excellent place to hang out or eat. They are a sports club that actually shows hockey games  too bad its a Packers bar! LOL" Great place for food! I really like their Philly cheesesteaks & honey hot wings. Awesome place to eat & drink  but I'd say it is worth a visit if you are within a few miles." Be sure to try the Pizza roll and their queso dip if you want more than excellent fried zuk for an appitizer" "Friday Night Fish Fry and the Clam Chowder are Fantastic!  Good Service Lastly the check. There was a comment card great i thought heres my chance to share feedback oh i couldn't because it was pre filled for us with ""excellent"" scores all the way down I have pics to prove it. Well I won't be visiting anytime soon. Thank you to the waitress Marci!"  I don't think I would go there for anything else. They actually have a pretty nice selection of tap beers and from what I saw Great rotating beer selection. Great staff. Colorful characters nightly lol. "This place is fantastic. I had a Philly Cheese steak that was greasy and delicious. They have a pretty varied menu so you're sure to find at least a few things you like.  It's a bar so don't expect it to be quiet Wow....really?  Unbelievable...we will never return and I sincerely hope anyone reading this will think twice before patronizing an establishment that treats people this way." "Awesome food good people always consistent great place to eat! Philly cheesesteak sandwiches Fun place to go and see some Packers take em down! The only complaint I have is that it's a Green Bay packers bar. We need more arizona cardinals bars!!! This is after all Arizona!" Every TV (and there are many) is tuned to the Pack on Sundays!"  awesome wings! Casey Jones on Bell is always a great place to meet a bunch of friends. Service is always on point and the staff is super friendly. The food is never disappointing and always hot and fresh. It was disappointing to see the one on 43rd Avenue and Thunderbird close but I know that was a different owner."  and green peppers (for free). It was delicious. Also Comes with a side of your choice (their fries are pretty good). Also got the tasty pazookie for dessert and shared it with a friend (it's big enough for three people). Overall  great staff and a really fun atmosphere. Good for relaxing and having some drinks with friends or partying until 2.. highly recommend this place for a night out" Casey Jones is where I go to eat. Their sandwiches are great. Sean is the best. Marcie is a great waitress. Came in today on a whim during my lunch break with a coworker. Place was your average bar an grill with basic food you would expect. They had pretty good lunch and drink specials. I ordered the green pork burrito from the lunch special menu and we got some wings since they were also on special. Wings were average and sauce was clearly store bought but they were juicy and cooked well. The burrito again was good but nothing special. What really held this place back was the service. Our waitress was stone faced and unfriendly. She overcharged us for the burrito and then acted like we were inconveniencing her and didnt even apologize. Im ok with mistakes as things happen but to act that way was ridiculous. I would probably not bother coming here again.  and a cute little train cruising around the ceiling. Half order of nachos is huge (be forewarned) Love this bar. Mike is the best bartender here! Karaoke on Friday nights and awesome drink specials. I always have a blast here!  staff is awesome. I'd recommend it to all my friends!"  so no clue on general seating service. It does tend to collect a rough crowd  the sauce I got was a little on the sweet side but I'll get a different one next time. My son and husband fell in love with the boneless wings though! I also got a request to come back for breakfast! Hahaha" ***NO FIREARMS ALLOWED***" Probably won't be going back." Always great service and friendly staff! I just wish they had my favorite video game Big Buck Hunter :-)"  feels like a nice neighborhood bar. Cool model train overhead in the main bar area. Prices reasonable." Good People and good fair priced food !!!  my bar tender is still washing dishes when my friends is ready to pay." Amazing food and friendly staff. We will definitely be back. We shared a pasta dish and the fish and chips. Everything was cooked perfectly and have a very balanced flavor. Would highly recommend. And a true Bloody comes with a beer chaser as well!!" "True Packer Bar. THE place to be if you want to hang out with other cheeseheads. I got to the bar an hour early and the place was packed. There are lots of tv's. The bar also has off track betting so some tv's have the horses on. Our server was not friendly. I don't think she smiled once. She was also slow. I had to go to the bar for a beer later in the game. Our server was nowhere to be found. Other servers around us seemed to be nicer and quick with their orders. I had the grilled turkey sandwich and asked for rye vFJmFFfPVhHkC3bWOeZnNA This is a great place for amazing food and an awesome staff. Even the owners take time to say hi and check on their guests. I had the shrimp and grits and I will definitely order it again.  especially when a packer game is on. Expect it to be busy during football games but they have a ton of seating. Great bar food and beer specials." Good American food! Have not been disappointed ever by the quality of the food. The mushroom cheeseburger is excellent! You can't beat Casey's for pub food. Try the salmon dinner.....best in Phoenix. Great customer service and off track betting available. If they had the MLB package would be even better! We had a great time. The food was great and the server was very nice. We have been going there for ovr 20 years and they are still on it. Customers matter. thank you  that used to take really good care of us at his previous job. The first time we stopped by Juan was our server and he was very friendly and accommodating. We have stopped a couple of other times to say hi to Easton. He is great and always takes really good care of us. We will be back. Food has been good too Hint: try their soups. Really! They are made from scratch and just fantastic! My favs are the clam chowder and the cream of mushroom!!!!!"  and I like how it is not a big ""showey"" bar. It's a great neighborhood spot to go. Just had the buffalo chicken wrap with sweet fries like I always do and not once have I complained. Don't let the exterior let you fool you if you are a city folk."  great atmosphere.. Try the philly cheese steak.. Yummy. Wait staff if very friendly and willing to fit your needs." Every Friday I am here with the company. This place is always freaking good. By far best bar-food - always consistent. Great cheesesteak friendly servers great game atmosphere just spot on with everything will be back  the place was not full and they were not that busy. We had a party of 5 and sat in a corner booth. We sat for roughly 20 minutes and was not acknowledged by any staff. One of the waitresses was pregnant and was waiting on a table right in front of us. She ignored our party several times and didn't say hello  it's preseason and I understand that not every broadcast has it but if you are a PACKER bar shouldn't you have ALL the games?!?! Frustrating... I had a lot of hopes especially moving from Wisconsin but might need to find another pack bar." The songo (bingo with songs played) was pretty cool Shocked at how good the hot wings are at this place.  Decent beer selection including micros and macros.  A great place to watch football this fall and winter.  Terrific service in a very comfortable setting.  a nice bar and killer food on the menu.   This is a Green Bay Packers bar so when they are playing the place is packed. They have TV screens everywhere with all different kinds of sports playing so when their isn't a packers game you can get a comfy spot.  The servers and staff are top notch. They have a train that runs along the ceiling of most of the place.  It's fun to watch.  We love to come here for the yummy drinks (they just added a new drink menu with awesome sounding fruity drinks - YAY!) and their Philly cheese steaks  soups are good. Phillis are huge and great drinks and beer selection."   (jalapeos are optional)and all a hot a gooey delicious mess. The bread is fantastic on this sandwich. They have a great. Homemade spicy mustard wings sauce. They have a nice assortment of beers on tap. They have very good service and personable waitresses. Lots of TVs to catch all the games." Don't pass up Casey Jones if you're in the area!"  pool tables and of course the seasonal games.  This place can get unbelievably packed during the games so make sure you arrive early to get yourself a seat.  Go Packers!"  WI (planning our move to the Phoenix area).  We wanted to watch the Packer game with some fellow cheese heads and this place came up with a simple google search.  It was awesome - flat screens all over "We've eaten here a few times and love it! Good food But seriously this place is a much try and make it your home and local bar/restaurant to go too!" Food is awesome and bar staff is always so nice to me everytime I go in for a pick up! The wings have tasted different the last couple times I've gone though but all in all they are awesome  but that's a fact I'll overlook to have a small taste of the Midwest in the desert!"  i will not be back. I didnt even finish my food hardly expect for the sandwhich and left to finish eating something at home. I was not impressed with this place. $12 for a cheesesteak is way to high for the quality. Maybe they are great for beer Consistently over the years PERFECT ! Great friendly service and the food ALL OF THE MENU... never disappoints! Occasionally when I want a perfect burger or some sick friend is craving one I call here. The staff is always happy even to hand over a take out meal. Please don't ever change! Oh yeah friendly bar and sports tv.  for either a fun date or to take the whole family.  Excellent lemonade." Final bonus big booths to fit an easy 8. And if the surf videos playing or the fake birds in the fake trees are too much for you Note that you have to order sides like fries seperate--which annoys me.  Cheesy decorations...blah blah blah" Burgers are the BEST I have had at any restaurant.  Especially now that they offer a veggie or turkey patty for those watching their weight.  LOVE IT!" Service was just fine. This is a place we'd come back to  because they do the best fish tacos of anywhere I've been.  I always get them on flour tortillas because corn tortillas turn to mush no matter who fixes them.  Daughter and son-in-law had burgers and they raved about them--one had the Kilauea and the other had the Hawaiian.  Great service.  Prompt.  I have eaten at this Islands many times over the past 7 or 8 years  but it's not high on my list.  There are so many more cherries out there." "I went to Islands this past weekend looking for a Turkey Burger...and man they did not disappoint. They substitute all of there beef burgers with Turkey burgers if you like...and man i was so happy to hear that because i don't eat red meat. They have 12 burger selections along with various other items...but the burgers are what you should go for when coming to Islands. I had the ""Big Wave"" burger with Cheese...it also comes with Lettuce  and they keep getting it wrong.  I love the food so I keep coming back "Awful. Everything is way too salty and overpriced. You can get a better burger across the street at 5&Diner. Cool decor  so I'll review.  Fries: 1/5. Chicken 4/5. Prices: 3/5. Service 3/5. Average: 3/5." In my opinion this place is on top of their game in terms of service and food and is a solid burger place in my book."  and gave us the perfect amount of time to look over our menus. My boyfriend got a chocolate shake - mmmmm I should have got one- Delicious. Side Ceasar salad to start - nice and fresh and crisp lettuce - always a plus. We got a Burger and a chicken lettuce wrap for lunch. His burger was cooked to perfection and my chicken lettuce wrap was very tasty. And ofcourse their french fries are awesome aswell . Got our bill- very inexpensive. Great atmosphere  cold beer and friendly service. Chain food yet worth it. And Mondays kids under 12 (I think) eat free!"  but the service was fantastic!  The service is the only reason it's getting 2 stars.  My husband had one of the burgers and he said that it taste like a frozen burger patty.  I had the Kobb salad...It just wasn't good.  We did have the nacho app...Half the cheese wasn't melted It's been at least 5 years since I have been back to this place.  We went just because it was in the area and we were hungry.  The plus side was that I was able to order something that had been taken off the menu AGES ago - The Flamingo (chicken sandwich with honey mustard basically).  The fries were great - and also unlimited.  but I don't think Islands has it. The restaurant itself is very clean and the bathrooms are well kept. The only downside is the acoustics in this place. It can get very loud when its busy and almost annoyingly loud when there are a few kids in the joint." I ate about 1/2 of the burger and asked for the check.  The bartender brought the check and didn't say a word Next time I'll drive out of my way to a close Red Robin. Everything is much better there." Go and have fun now...........!" Tonight my bf and I was here the service was alright the buggers was good the fries was a bit over cooked I think he overheard me talking about Yelp every time he wandered close by." Great burgers and great service.  Love the Hawaiian burger with fresh onions rings.  Alonzo came by and asked if we wanted more iced tea.  We asked if our food would be coming soon.  Soon another waiter stopped by (which we assume was the manager as he did not introduce himself) and apologized for the long delay in bringing our food.  After that either Alonzo or the manager stopped by every 5 minutes or so to see if we were okay.  When the food did arrive "The restaurant has a nice atmosphere. The servers kept up with the waters and soda for our table with out needing to ask. The two people with diet restrictions were able to find healthy options. Actually they thought it had a lot of options. I had the Hula burger with bacon and island reds (fried onion strings). It was great a very tasty and juicy burger. One of our group wished they had different music to match the theme (like Bob Marley  my last visit I changed it up bit.  I was a bit disappointed as I didn't get much blue cheese on my burger.  I'll try it again and hopefully next time there will be more." Sorely disappointed with this chain that lost its way. 4 stars to the waitress who knew how to handle a disgruntled customer. In and Out would have been a better choice."  swiss & mayo. I substitute cheddar instead of swiss. I  also crave the Kona Pie with mocha almond fudge ice cream and Oreo cookie crust. Fun Hawaiian ambiance with surfers on the TVs instead of sports. Easy island escape in this 110+ degree weather!" All in all a solid burger place." I really like the Tortilla Soup and the Wiqui Waqui Chicken Salad.  I also love the atmosphere.   Great place to hangout out with friends or take the family for a rather inexpensive yet wonderful dining experience. I stopped in in May when I was going to buy spices down the street.  Haven't been to an Islands in a while.  Had a very good blue cheese burger.  The service was good.  I got there right after opening time so the place was almost empty to start and only got about 1/3 full by the time I left.  the burger itself was thin and didn''t taste like a good beef patty. the bun and french fries was also meh. the service while friendly seemed a little rushed." I might be back if there is another specific reason or if it is the closest options. Otherwise Definitely recommend stopping by for an awesome burger and fantastic sweet potato fries." "Just found out this location will be  closing on 12/22 and it will missed!  This Islands has been a go-to place for our family for over five years. The service was attentive and  quick even during busy hours.  Great convenient location to have a sumptuous burger with a cold beer.   The revamped kids menu is impressive as well. Islands staff  so who am I to say if the chicken is really good or not?!?! I am fine with some fried zucchini or those stuffed jalapeno things or even nachos minus the meat. I remember their wraps as being really good though! Don't confuse the bartender by asking for a foofoo mixed drink. You mill be lucky if they have some flavored vodka. Beer is king here and I seen a many people do Irish car bombs but hey you cant really get those wrong now VpQZo6KV8CqkIG_MRQ3jiA Basically it's a great neighborhood bar to chill and watch some sports on the many t.v.'s and eat good food." Never had a bad time and if I were a fly on the wall Brennan's is a solid spot to catch a game and grab some yummy pub food in a laidback environment." """I've been going to Brennan's for many years now. I decided to write a review since I have stopped drinking. The food during the day shift is always hard for them to not overcook the fried food choices. And don't even bother having a french dip  we love Brennans and we can call it our home away from home." VpQZo6KV8CqkIG_MRQ3jiA "I've recently been trying to find a cool place to play shuffleboard in North Phoenix.  I was trying to find a place to hang out near my bro's house so we could go hang out for a bit and have a beer.  I found Brennan's online and noted that they had shuffleboard.  WIN WIN!!  The review said that the staff was friendly and called you ""honey"" even if it was the first time you had ever been there.  BANG!  sounds like my kinda joint I definitely will go back since the food was good  and just an all around bad attitude. I was just in utter shock how a person that relies on tips for their living could be so rude. Since the last encounter with him "Not many places do Killian's Red in pitchers "Not sure why Brennan's was not on this list.  This a great place if you like laid back dive bars.  We have been going there for 6 years.  On Saturday's they have half price burgers that are phenomenal.  Saturday nights they have trivia.  Pool tables  just as delicious and more local! =9"  etc. Had to basically yell and wave my arms just to get the check...we complained about the service only to get a ""thumbs up"" and a smile then walked away....LITTERALLY. No joke. The manager kept saying he would get our server to us Pool tables need a lot of work but a good neighborhood bar." "BRENNAN'S IS THE BEST! What an awesome place to come and chill with my dear friends. Not to mention the staff is the best. Jaki  Kaleigh and Wayne. I don't ever have to wait long for a drink. Oh yeah and sex trivia on Saturday night is so much fun." Its sad cause I used to go here with all my friends every Monday and this place had good waitresses who cared but like I said earlier these people now don't care one bit. NEVER AGAIN. Thank Jackie for the great experience and hope you can find another dump hole to work in 6 months when this place is closed." Awesome 4 Peaks Kiltlifter on draft and $3.50 Fireball Fridays! Great service from the bartender  the service was good. I have a feeling the food is second to the drinks."  half price Mexican appetizers and $2.00 margaritas on Tuesdays!!" Hmmmmmmm when u walk in there's a mold smell. There is a one stall bathtoom for a pretty big bar. I find that weird.  They claim to have happy hour special which is a quarter off . Seriously ? Why bother ? Seems like alot of regulars come to this barm we r only stopped by cause we r going nto movies next door.  Let me say this place has the saddest rueben I have ever saw !!! See photo. My husband order ordered chicken wings he liked the sauce. We appear to be the only one in the place eating food. The waitress was super nice.  Thanks fpr paying attention dawn .  brunet) answers the house phone and has been talking for 15 minutes as I write this..  ????  WTF..  never coming back.." "Great atmo for a mon. Bartender is nice and they have all the bar games. Ping pong  but it was 3 minutes after last call. The bartender who was kind at first also joined in the banter of telling us to leave. It was a very poor example of customer service. Especially for a group who was hoping to make it their pub of choice close to home. We won't be back."  first time was a little slow but awesome. Second time I asked for no lettuce or tomato on my burger and the male bartender said ""it comes on the side anyways"". Got my burger with the stuff on it. Third time I went in there the same male bartender walked past me three times without saying a word. I had to get up and walk out. Pretty pathetic to be honest." "Closest bar to my home. Decided to stop in for a beer and potatoes skins and wings. The appetizers are great here. Sat down and had drunk friend of the staff show up at our table claiming he knew us. The staff quickly ushered him off but returned a short while later again. The waitress took our order. Asked for two blue moons tall. Returned with beers and then asked if we wanted oranges. We  said yes. Waitress returned with two orange slices face down on a napkin! Ate the great potato skins and wings. Tabbed out I split the bill with my brother we both left two dollars each  the main reason we come here is because of the wonderful bartender Wayne! He's always in a good mood and you can tell he genuinely cares about the people who frequent this place. Thank you Wayne!!" "I come in every Tuesday for enchiladas. I always get amazing food  we had to be visible to her standards. And wouldn't give our cash back after she took our bill. Kept an eye on all of us the whole night and when we would want something she would give us a tone. Also started to clean our table up when we werent even close to being done yet. SUPER RUDE. Our whole table couldnt believe the service we were getting from her. We love going in there cause every waitress we had was a sweetheart but after her I don't think we will be back as much."  and by design with a high occupancy it does not feel cramped ... They have a fun version of sexual trivia on Saturday nights    and all around just clean plain fun.   Love this place.   All the bartenders rock." Dying o our lip 6ty  o k k  I'llo I I o pk ok ll y u u 0 [9)ll)l)loil Kiki ll [I I  but it was early NYE and the place was empty. I feel sick to my stomach. Never again at this place! Stay away from the burgers." VpQZo6KV8CqkIG_MRQ3jiA Many of the patrons that frequent there know each other very well." Great place to go and have a pint or 2.  They have darts ping pong and pool to name a few games.  Drea gave us outstanding service and always with a smile! This place was really awesome and I can see myself making this a hang out when I want to grab a drink close to home."  and it was even better.  It's a very laid back small bar and as someone said before they do have the wii in the corner that you can play on (how awesome is that)!  Drinks were cheap and the bartender was super sweet (April).  Good music selection and it doesnt get too crowded.  Everyone should definately check this place out =)"  bartenders here know how to pour a drink & are very easy on the eyes. Great place to hang for a few after work. A+++" Cool dive bar.  Friendly bartender that remembered me and my drink from years ago at another bar.  They let me park my Harley on the sidewalk too. "This is my favorite hole in the wall neighborhood bar.  Whether I wear my suit and tie E-_PkZNDuYxW1zs4XFlVmw Bartender was awesome in dealing with a drunk patron....I would have beat his #*$( for what he was saying but she was smooth." This was about what I expected! Fun place for sure. Nothing that really makes it stand out per sey I've been here a few times and each time was fun. The drinks are cheap and the bartenders are friendly.  Good neighborhood bar where you can drink cold beer and meet new people. Casual atmosphere and relaxing.  Can't say I'm a regular but I'm working on it. Drinks are cheap and the crowd are all locals. Not attitude to be found here. I popped in on a week day so I'm keen to come back and see how it is on weekends." "Debbie Wouldn't serve a 100 percent combat veteran because I had a interim license from California. I had wallet last week in ocean beach  but probably not after that. Plenty of other bars to go to." "Best dive bar in the neighborhood. Debbie and Taylor are the funnest bartenders you're going to find in the area. It's a dive bar "One of my dive  fav spots in PHX. Big  thanks Debbie we won't be back. Is this a strip club or local bar."  super loud music and drug addicts in the parking lote.. THIS PLACE IS FOR YOU." I recently went in to this bar with a bunch of my friends...I met a guy who knew my husband and the next day my husband saw this friend and said hey did your wife get a free round of drinks for her group? I said no and he said well he gave the bartender danny 40 dollars to buy us around and we never received it....she stole the money! Shame on her! The owner was told and did nothing....danny stole and they didn't care! Be aware! Maggie is the best bar tender ever! This is a 100% authentic old-school neighborhood dive bar. Well worth a visit if you're ever in the area. Beer and a shot please! "I like this place and Maggie is the bomb. Good happy hour prices and it's on the way home. This is really a place for locals as I see the same people there all the time Love this bar. Everything here is awesome. Great drinks and great bartenders. Only wish there were more pool tanles  especially the staff. They are always so happy to see me. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a bar to attend regularly. Say hi to Maggie and Nick for me!"  an altercation ensued which moved OUTSIDE of the bar and resulted in Jaxx hitting one of our female friends in the face! It's such a drag because we live in the hood and LOVE this bar. Maggie works Wed-Sat nights...I recommend avoiding this place like the plague any other time." peep the murals towards the back for a journey through time ;)" "Eddie's has become one my favorite dive bars in town without really being a ""dive"" bar. The crowd is some if the trust professional drunks I've ever seen but always a lot of fun and great prices to boot. .. no panzy asss wwak drinks either!!" "Maggie is the bomb-dizzle. Was driving down the road with no particular place to go. As I drove saw the faint neon signs of eddies tavern... And thought to myself I must stop in for a beer. One turned to two The greatest dive bar of all time. Pool table and a bar... That's it. The bar staff is interesting to say the least. My wife and I love this place.  that makes you feel like you've been friends forever......even though it's the first time you met. Cheers Maggie!" "Maggie is the best. She treats you like a long lost friend every time you walk in the door and gets your drink before you can even order it. She's got a great memory and handles the sometimes rowdy regulars with ease. Great neighborhood dive bar  who knew. What a fun amazing hole in the wall! Maggie is AMAZING! She will never forget a face. She's fun and vibrant. Exactly what I want after a long day at work! Thank you Maggie  which he would love to tell us stories about. Well on this particular night Charles was telling us about his sports jersey business. He claimed he could get any replica NBA jersey of any basketball player from any era for $50.00. Well I had to call bullshit on that one. He asked what do you want. I told him there was no way he could fulfill my request. He said in a true ""Detroit street hustler style"" bring it on bitch. I laughed and said ok fucko I'll pay you double If you get me a 1969 New York Knick #10 Walt Frazier home jersey size xxxL He smirked and said what will you give me if I had it here in 15 minutes. Knowing He could not possibly deliver I told  him I'd double it again $200. As fast as the words came out of my mouth he was on his way out the door telling me it was 12:18am and he would be back in 12 min. My fiancee and I laughed Eddie's Tavern is on of the oldest bars in Phx. It such a fun corner bar with a everybody knows your name feel. The best and sweetest bartender is Maggie! Two thumbs up!  great prices on drinks and beer and Sunday football means someone always brings potluck food nice friendly owners and bartenders Stopped bye heard it was good . Becky the bartender was rude and didnt want to serve us. I wouldnt recommend anyone stopping here for a drink. I wouldn't waste your time here. Negative star if i could .  but after the past couple months this bar has become nothing but drama. Between some of the female patrons just acting like fools or confronting/yelling at someone when they walk through the door Eddies is not worth the mental stress.  One of the biggest disappointments is now there is a former bartender from Eddies coming back in as patron.  Who wants to go out and try to enjoy themselves with all this chaos going on.  I would not recommend going to Eddies unless you like chaos or until the owners get the place under control."  was able to talk with the people and the bartenders... this seems like a chill place to hang out and enjoy a cocktail I'll definitely be back again" RJ's is a fine little stop in. I upped the rating due to the food. No patio here... Just a back door with 2 broken plastic chairs and a dumpster." "RJ's has closed and is now Over Under Sports Grill. New ownership 