Ben Roethlisberger. One hot piece of man-steak.  the best things about Pittsburgh- ever."  honestly we arent playing like champs lately! Whats up with that?!!!! can Cowher bench Ben until he truly is recovered from all his tramatic experiences this year? Batch did us well.... im also not  happy with all the interceptions.......WHY?!!! Ben's a good egg  check out: http:  www.post-gazette.com steelers steelerbars.asp to find out where you can watch a game with the Steeler faithful." No equal. Here we go stillers here we go!!! When you love these guys you will love them forever!  This team wiggles its way into your heart and you will watch them play through good and bad years and they will always be NO. 1!  I was there when they imploded Three Rivers Stadium - living up on Mount Washington.  We had an Implosion Party at the crack of dawn to give that wonderful old stadium a send off that no fan will ever forget!  Now the new (and beautiful) Heinz Stadium has taken its place.  A worthy playing yard for a worthy football team.  Go Steelers Go!  we just need a ring for that other hand..." 5GS5sBSscgcex0IFTDL9Bg 5 time Super Bowl champs.  the only) professional football team in the world..." "Being born in 1970 was about perfect. Pittsburgh was becoming the City of Champions. The Steelers will always be my favorite team. I even have the logo on my neck Born in Los Angeles CA. Never seen the lights of Pittsburgh. Only 1 team gets me emotional and excited in the NFL and that is the Pittsburgh Steelers! I love this team. We are the best fans in the NFL. I went to Disneyland with my Troy Polamalu jersey because I had to represent. While I was there 5-6 totally random strangers chanted out GO Steelers! Now where will you ever hear fans chant that out randomly? Only Steeler fans because we have so much pride in our team. I have always wanted to go up to Pittsburgh and go to a Steeler game in Heinz Field waving my terrible towel. Go Steelers! 5GS5sBSscgcex0IFTDL9Bg  just to catch your games if it is not on local tv. I am a hardcore devoted fan that appreciates all the excitement and joy you bring me along with the frustrations and anger. I will be waving my Terrible Towel 5GS5sBSscgcex0IFTDL9Bg  the five of us are going to get in an RV and drive across the country and go to a game..... right there in Pittsburgh.  Look out!" GO STEELERS!! You rock my world! Give me one for the other hand!" ......and I can't wait for next season when we face the Titans again and take care of business with Lendale White (for a former USC Trojan you stink!) We're going to the Super Bowl for the 7TH time in 43 Super Bowls Can't wait to get that 6th ring  and I never have become uninfatuated.  Now I scream and wave the Terrible Towel around in the air with the best of 'em.   I'm crossing my fingers that we'll be the first to 6 Super Bowl wins..." We love BIRDS and they are easy prey  ;+}  Even these last little red birds plucked out the feathers of the Big Green Birds.  We're going to take them down and use their little bones for toothpicks!"  but number SIX to us! Another record. for 100 yards from Harrison! Congrats to the new STEEL CURTAIN!!.  Arizona Thank you for such a great season." 5GS5sBSscgcex0IFTDL9Bg +1.  Thank you Pittsburgh Steelers." Go Pittsburgh! I love the Steelers! XOXO! S.W.A.K."  suckas! You're funny."  and the Indianapolis Colts' does not have the history and only time will tell.....here we go Steelers National Fixed League on them spread busters.  Vegas owns the NFL!  Sheiiit!!!" Not crazy about football like I use to be when I was a small fry but as far as football teams goes the Steeler are a SOLID TEAM! And their fans are crazy good crazy. Unless you come up against em and then their crazy bad crazy. So upon moving to Pittsburgh several years back I often hid the fact that I always worshiped the Dallas Cowboys for fear of being ridiculed beaten or both. If you live in Pittsburgh you will learn that it is wise to pay respect to the Steelers or else... For those that want to experience what this is like bad can't land tickets to the game I would recommend going 2-3 hours before the game and join in the tailgating festivities. Once the game starts take your friends over to one of the many northside bars to enjoy the game. McFaddens and Bettis's are tops on that list." I'm  not crazy about football but it's a nice stadium and fun to come with other people. The games are fun and the fans are great they are very into the game which fans should be.  because ""this is a five star matchup because we're in it"" and so on." -they beat out the seahawks and I'm glad they did...even though I live in Seattle" Whoops - 6 time Super Bowl Champs!  fantastic Heinz Field and a fab base of displaced Pittsburghers all over the nation."  and last Thursday when the dominated the Panthers.  I don't remember the whole game Under the wire all season except they were expected to be 1-3 with Ben benched for 4 games.  Steelers bust a move!!!"  while reacquiring veteran ex-Steelers had a nominal impact on the field (but whose locker room presence may have been more valuable). Getting to the super bowl this year was a bittersweet surprise  you've made this city proud! We'll do it in 2011 and Super Bowl XLVI in indianapolis! Here we go Steelers Also: I am entertained that I was able to check into an inanimate object.  More of a concept "There is no experience like watching The Pittsburgh Steelers in a crucial game at home.  The stadium is electric.  Steelers fans are insanely passionate about their team Here we go Steelers; Here we go."  Three Rivers Stadium and Heinz Field." Sorry but considering the Pirates allow free entry under 2 and offer discounted tickets for children under 2 if they want to participate in the activities for children's days. So NOT COOL STEELERS!"  tour guide knew exactly what she was talking about with a great personality to match. Had a really great time :)"  Baby!!! Just stating what all Steeler fans know: a Steel Dynasty is still unmatched no matter what team claims the title of current Super Bowl Champs.. Go Steelers!!!" "Yay for Steelers! It's awesome that Mike Tomlin looks like Omar Epps. Also Pittsburgh food is awesome. Pierogi But if you ever go down a mine and there are insects  is a must.  Everyone is so inviting.  Steeler fans are not only the best fans in all of pro sports  Enjoying the simple things in life." Chuck Noll Field was a great place to place to watch the Steelers practice. Handicapped accessible seating and great views of all three fields were excellent. It was fun watching all the action from the stands." We are new to the area but really enjoyed our first season w Strikers.  Super nice office staff & they really seem to love the game & encourage the kids to Have fun & enjoy the game.  The format is slightly different...more like an indoor set up w the walls but it makes for a faster always moving game & helps to improve skills at a faster pace. "I can't tell you how many parents iv spoken to that were horrified at the methodology this organization uses to ""teach"" children soccer. They teach violence aggression competitiveness shame and all the things you don't want your child to take away from an activity you enroll them in so they be introduced to a world-recognized sport they can enjoy for life."  this stadium gets a high score for you and depresses me." "Well it's no longer Erisson it is Bank of America Stadium which is fitting since BOA is headquarted in the city.  Home of the Panthers the stadium is awesome.  My brother owned seats here for several seasons and I was fortunate enough to use them many times.  If you can imagine ATT Park in SF as a football venue then that would be accurate.  Lots of food options BofA Stadium does its job by providing a great place to watch a game. But don't expect anything to overly impress you  expect a good time.  It is pretty easy to score tickets outside of the stadium even during a sold out game and there is plenty of great food and tailgating going on.  With great players like Julius Peppers and Steve Smith  and it's fun to go out and find a spot where Charlotte really comes together. We can be a kind of hodgepodge  family-friendly atmosphere. And there are always tickets available  I was impressed with the experience.  I came in as a boisterous away fan and left with a great time."  Bojangles' etc. I have to agree with Dave S. - there really is something for everyone here. Great stadium - I look forward to coming back!"  as the seats are all good providing great views on the field. Had upperdeck corner endzone seats about 20 rows up and had a great time. Stadium is older  but it does the job. If you leave disappointed it won't be because of the stadium."  but I think Bank of America Stadium is still pretty modern and growing in charm.  Not sure why people are wanting a new stadium since this one is already good - we'll have another Hornets Bobcats scenario with our tax dollars hard at work." The Panthers did a good job building the stadium "Located right in the heart of downtown Charlotte this stadium surprisingly has pretty easy access to the stadium.  If you arrive early enough I recommend going to Picasso's they have pretty decent wings and cheap beer.  As you walk to the stadium you see statutes of Panthers all around along with numerous tailgaters.  We went to the Saints game and the saints fans are definitely one of the passionate fans in the league it felt half the stadium was Saints fans  plus they're serving Olde Mecklenburg on the 100 and 500 levels  parking can be $20.  There's really no reason to pay more than $10 for parking." The only reason they don't get five stars is because the food (as with all stadiums) is on the expensive side Parking in the area is plentiful & pretty reasonable on game days."  but the upper level is not bad just lots of walking......not good with a toddler........that being said the pregame fire and cannon sounds scared the life out of my son...lol.......and then we got a little wet from all the rain but thankfully they have nice open air areas by concessions to sit and watch the game until the rain passed over. The food is usually pretty good Go Panthers!  You'd be hard pressed to find a nicer stadium.  Good fan experience.  Good tailgating on Sundays.  Decent parking and access. Haven't sat in a bad seat yet- very clean stadium.  Lots of options for food and drink so the lines aren't long- you can even get some craft beer.  I love Sir Purr- he is a great mascot.  My only complaint is that every time I was in line for a margarita they were out (or so they said :)  Also note to smokers- you have to go outside stadium to smoke- not just on concourse.  From what I understand once you leave you can't get back in either.  at a hefty price though. The problem I have is if you want to stand up and cheer some wine and cheeser will yell at you to sit down. It happens every game. We are at a football game here people come on. If you want to sit down  and I was with my mother and two small children. It was a long chilly walk back to our car. Just wish we had been informed PRIOR to entering the store that we wouldn't be allowed back out unless it was on the exterior of the stadium- we would've gone prior to the game instead of after!!" Still five stars.  Had the opportunity to take chickie's son to his first game Sunday.  Awesome experience even though we were blown out by Tennessee.  Amazing to see how the fans act in Charlotte.  So much class and comraderie.  Go Panthers!!!! Even with hiking your butt up and down the ramp you see nice views of the city!" "I very much enjoy stadium tours.  While I have been to more informative tours and more impressive stadiums 000 for my travel and game arrangements. Panthers got blown the eff out but guess what? The city was beautiful and nearly spotless. I could spit on the ground and I would feel guilty. Despite losing $4 Go have yourself some fun...maybe stay for the whole game even!" This was a great stadium.  I came here for The Brothers of the Sun Tour I loved it.  It sucked because it rained at the beginning but it stopped before Tim McGraw and Kenny Chesney started to preform.  I think a great enhancement for the stadium would be to put a little roof over the top seats just so it shelters you a little.   Charlotte is an awesome city and the stadium is very nice.  Im not a panthers fan so I most likely won't be coming here for a football game though.  would have been better if I had gotten into the game sooner!!!"  so no concerns about walking to from the stadium.  All the staff members we encountered were friendly & helpful.  Nice variety of concessions.  High prices clean very well kept stadium  but I like this stadium a lot. My one and only qualm that I've noticed a few other reviewers mention is the flow of people into the stadium. It's always a cluster f#$%^k going in! They either need to minimize the pat-downs I think what I like most about the stadium is the Charlotte skyline backdrop.  On a nice sunny day it's a beautiful shot of the city." There isn't a bad seat here! Great location with awesome views of Charlotte. Sure the food and beer is expensive...but what were you expecting?! Great choice for a bowl game and hope UC returns again." Beer was reasonably priced.  Sight lines are good."  food and drinks expensive of course stadium look nice but then again I never to another stadium so can say I was a virgin.. Lol we were up high sec 540 row 32 but still saw the field so no biggey. I loved it. Next time I'll know how the seating  goes. U gotta see the stadium if ur in nc. You guys are great out in nc."  but I definitely look forward to coming for some games!!! Can't wait to do an update and see what else this place has to offer!" g-Q7G5Q2zHb1BqoF8pq-OA  there was always music playing or something going on on the big screen. They do a great job keeping the fans pumped up and excited  otherwise go online and reserve a spot for $15.00.  Some lots guarantee security and restrooms and an attendant all day.  Now the stadium adheres to all of the newest NFL guidelines pertaining to what you can bring into the stadium.  Ladies were turned away because they had larger than regulation purses.  Those of you with seat cushions read the guidelines.  Diaper bags "I've been here plenty of times over the years for Panther games. I love it! Not a bad seat in the place. I've also brought family and friends from out of town by here even on non game days just to look around. The huge panthers on the exterior of the stadium are very impressive up close. If you're looking for authentic Panthers jerseys or other NFL team memorabilia  get with it and make this facility all it can be."  The game was bitter sweet I am Cincy Born and Bred and TARHEEL WED! GO HEELS THAT BEING SAID... the concession workers STINK on an alarming level.  By and large it takes almost a HALF HOUR to get a drink of ANY sort.  I stood in line for 20 minutes (ALL OF HALFTIME AND THEN SOME) for a diet pepsi... the workers are worse than slow... actually  because The Puritanical Swofford and The ACC deemed the Commoners could not purchase alcohol during the game..if you spent the big bucks on The Club Level Tickets the booze was freely flowing I am told..ACC clearly follows the old mantra..""all people are created equal...some are just more equal than others""..as for the things I can can comment on; getting into the venue through the security line was as hard or harder than any airport..I was specifically warned do not try to sneak booze in as you will be caught..it was hilarious as we approached the gate seeing so many people doing a sudden 180 as they realized how thorough the search was...on a bitterly cold night as you were checked by security; all  hats and coats had to be taken off and the contents from your pockets had to be removed..then you were patted down and wanded...it was a little awkward when they were done because normally when you get felt up like that your expected to exchange Promise Rings or Phone Numbers at a minimum...once inside "The most traditional stadium in the NFL with great sight lines from every seat. The most fan and kid friendly stadium as well as the safest. Great food with Bojangles  but quite difficult to manage when you have small children as they funnel everyone in to a very small area.  While there are good vantage points throughout the stadium The stadium is beautiful with lots of food and drink options."  but that is to be expected. The only thing I would say is there was not much food variety from what I could see at the club level vs levels above us. All in all good visit and would go back again whenever the Steelers are back in town." Nice clean stadium. New audio and jumbotrons make for an amazing time! We went here last week for the Panthers Bears game. Amazing atmosphere and beautiful scenery of the uptown Skyline.  but not the outcome!  Boo!  The stadium is very clean and nice.  Even the Panthers fans were gracious.  We were  not intimidated as some stadiums can be when you are a visitor.  Can stand below before the game to see your favorite players and get a great perspective of the stadium.  Large screens on both ends of the field  which was just fine with me. Learned lots of fun facts.... Now I can impress my friends with what I know.....Looking forward to going back when the field is painted."  this is my happy place. Go Panthers!! Rarrrrrrrrr" Tip:  You can bring two (2) unopened clear bottles of water through security and into the Stadium.  This is something I just learned this year.  It is a nice way to save a few bucks and helps you to rehydrate after a long day of tailgating."  the staff was incapable of understanding that students within the student section are going to sit with their friends and not random people. I saw countless groups get seperated and moved to their ""appropriate"" seat when the staff had been explicitly told by organizers to allow students freedom of movement within the student sections. Thus  the usher came over and started arguing with us. Really? I was completely floored by this guys behavior. Are theses the type of people you hire t be ambassadors to Charlotte? You might want to look a little longer for employees Had a few great experiences here. I did the stadium tour and the lady who gave it was great. Explained history of the team and facility. I also attended two games as well. I sat lower and upper levels and that's not a bad seat on the house. We'll be back for more games in the near future.  get yourself up to a Cook Out and check out the cajun chicken sandwich with extra cajun  they need to take note. I was impressed by the food selection & quality. The bathrooms stayed clean & the attendants were all very nice & smiling. Kudos to the designers & managers of this facility. We had a nice visit to Charlotte & a W in the BoA Stadium." Here for a soccer games. You can bring water bottles( unopened). Also brought some snack and they don't say anything. Once you in they don't let you out. And lady you can bring a small purse in. I love Bank of America Stadium! We go there during the Panthers home games &  almost always get players autographs down where they park.You just need to get there early. The seats we sit in are great. We sit down on the 3rd row in section 123 in the end zone. I've sit in other seats further away & they're also good. The people working in concessions are always polite. Love the stadium!  it's kind of a happy place for me as I love football!! Anyways first of all it used to be a ridiculous walk to get to your seats and if you were in the top tier well bring an oxygen mask because by the time you hiked up there you were going to need it. Now however they've installed escalators and I had a chance to check them out last year. It makes a huge HUGE difference. The steps to the top are still super steep (scary) but doable. The lines here are fast moving "Home to my favorite NFL football team "We went to our first Panthers game here last weekend and loved the stadium. There wasn't a bad seat in the house and there were tons of food and drink options during the game.  The stadium is also in a great area for walking around.  We parked down the street g-Q7G5Q2zHb1BqoF8pq-OA  at least. My biggest issues with the stadium is the bag restrictions. They only allow certain tiny bags in or clear plastic bags. I bought a clear bag and was allowed in and 6 days later I took the same bag and they refused to let me in. Some people walk very far to get to the game so walking back to place a bag in their car isn't all that easy. I also believe they should have more bag check areas because the flow of people isn't good going into the games. Other than this huge issue of bag restriction  but the new tv and improvements on the inside are a welcome change.  This seriously is one of the best stadiums in terms of viewing  we still had a blast. It was cool going in 2 hours early to get close to the players as they were warming up. I'll definitely go again." "My husband and I went to our first Panthers game for the blow out win over the ATL Falcons on 13 Dec 15!  We had a BLAST!  The stadium was great and the staff was very helpful and friendly.  Most importantly  I recommend you give it a try. The experience is great  so I'm used to it and usually willing to pay it if the product and service are on point.  Parking...it's downtown Charlotte so its a premium anyway.  It's not terrible if you don't mind walking a bit."  I'd go as far to say that Panthers fans are the coolest that we have experienced in 3 different road playoff games." Was here for the playoff gem this past weekend against the Seahawks.. Was impressed with the huge video boards and how they were HD.. They looked great and I am guessing that they're new.. Sat in the club level.. Seats were nice except I didn't get to sit in them much since almost the whole time the stadium was standing which got kinda old.. Other than that great time and enjoyed the atmosphere go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers  go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers  go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers  go panthers. go panthers. go panthersgo panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers  go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers  go panthers. go panthers. go panthers G O  P A N T H E R S ! ! !  K E E P  P O U N D I N G ! ! ! "Love the vibe and feel anytime I enter this stadium! Here's a tip- to get the best beer options and take advantage of faster lines  Keva is a great place to play sports.  If you are looking for something more laid back and social 3. it is always cold in there. if they're going to charge what they do for leagues "Keva is a great sport center. They have great summer programs too. Just found out that they are coming for enrichment classes to my child's preschool. Yey  they put toys and sports props in one of the soccer fields.  There's a lot of space for the kids to explore and play while you can still keep your eye on them.  Keva also has an indoor playground that my kids seem to enjoy.   I've recently enrolled my youngest in the early sports multi-sport class and I've been very impressed.  Not only do we get to try each sport The Suns still have the best introduction ceremony I have ever seen and I think a big part of it is this arena." It's a great spot for any event.  Personal opinion though - if you are going for a sport event you have to sit in the bottom 1/2.  There is such a huge difference in the seating that it's absolutely worth it - even if you're in the last row on the level."  only to have my view blocked from antsy fans and vendors selling anything you can imagine The only complaint I have is that smokers are treated more like murderers - I had to walk a 1/2 mile to an outdoor spot each time I wanted a puff (which when drinking is fairly often). I understand non-smokers don't want to breath my smoke - I don't understand how an enterprise this large doesn't have a few patios for us unclean heathens. As anti-smoking as some people are  a nice change of pace compared to ballpark food.  The hubby had Subway. Good times were had by all and the Suns trounced the Kings."  but also officially eliminated from any playoff contention. Now I need to find other hobby (s) to keep me occupy for the next season. I'll still watch the NBA Playoffs  etc & always wondered how they avoided selecting two totally random people sitting next to each other to hug/kiss.  Or why the jumbotron always makes people actually get up and do the funky chicken dance.  Maybe it's magic....Anyway  but it's still fun to go with good friends. so please do the Suns (and me!) and huge favor and go to a game. you can get a great deal on tickets right now  but walk with a friend or seek out security on bikes for safety.  Lackluster food options Suns games. Good view from all areas. Beer. Pizza Hut. Gross popcorn. Watermelon slushy drinks gave me the runs. Not a whole lot else to say. The biggest problem I have is with the actual concession stand staff.  Is there a rule I am unaware of that forces these people to take 15 minutes to ring up a beer?  I understand the ""I have to pour this into a cup"" taking a minute  but will definitely go to another Suns game. People were totally into the game and it was nice to see people watch the whole game and stand up and cheer. I felt this venue is good for basketball 777 for sinking a basket from center court ""granny style"".  Overall a good arena (especially when the tix are free!).    :)"  then again I'd rather be at Staples Center." They really need to make some improvements there to make the place more fan friendly and maybe add some spice and excitement to it because that is what it really lacks. If however you want to see the Suns or the Mercury the building will do (LOL). Eat It's too bad the arena itself wasn't a good as the NBA action it contained.  Restrooms were miles apart and too few in number The venue itself is pretty nice. A plethora of food choices and gift shops on each floor. They also have a game room/playground upstairs. I had a philly for my meal. It was good and a decent amount of food for what I paid. The crowd was into it  does nothing much for me. I know it's new and all but to me it's a pretty bland building. The Suns are a great team to watch but the arena is nothing spectacular." "" but because it is every seat in the house has a great view. No such thing as nose bleeds here. If you're in town to watch a Suns game or another event check it out."  the best performance I have EVER seen!  US Airways Center gets THREE STARS. The venue though was a little disappointing.  I was expecting to be over charged but Overall I say check out a show or a game here sometime. Whether it be the Suns What is not to like? Suns or Concerts in Phoenix right downtown. I saw the Rolling Stones from suite and let me tell you...It was Sweet! Enjoy!  we had a great experience here.  For as big as US Airways Center is "I have been to a few games here at the US Airways Center.  What I like about the arena is that traffic and parking is a lot more structured than going to other stadiums that I have been to in the past.  The actual stadium has great seating.  There is really no bad seat in the house.  I think the structure of the stadium is not as tall as other basketball arenas I'd go to more Suns games just for the entertainment and half time shows!  a nice sports venue with plenty of space and nice sight lines offering the fan a better than average NBA experience. And I love the Gorilla!"  but I can't imagine it would be fun even for die hard fans...).  So there was kind of a weird seating layout for the arena as well.  I want to go back for a more 'normal' event like a suns game or something and get a better feel of this place.  Seems nice though!"  and used to be Rattlers season ticket holders.  I thought it kinda got run down for a while but I just went to a Suns game and after not being there for a long while uFJwKlHL6HyHSJmORO8-5w "How can you enjoy anything in this arena knowing US Airways brings so much frustration and misery to people around the country? This airline is the worst out there  can hardly walk around the lines of people in the way.  Everything else is what you would expect from an older covered basketball stadium.  The acoustics sound pretty good concert wise.  I always wish concerts were elsewhere - dodge Once we find our seats the game was pretty (bad). But great seats and courteous fans. (Atlanta can learn from these folks). The Center is okay for it's size and quality. I got great drinks and food from the main floor. Of course overpriced but that was to be expected. Comparing this to Atlanta - there is a lot in need to be upgraded. But the location "Pretty awesome! I went to a Suns game and really enjoyed the atmosphere. I've been to the staples center in LA many times and there was something about the us airways that made me really like it. It is very clean and a great game day atmosphere. It's a smaller arena compared to others so the view is better I was here recently for the Rattlers Arena Bowl game.  Kinda cool to see football in a basketball arena.  Lines were a little too long for the concession stands.  and made for a very enjoyable time. It's the only Arena we have and it's a great one. We should be thankful that we have such amazing venues to watch our Arizona teams play at. Support Arizona sports!" Well since the last time I talked to you all about this arena....I have been to many Phoenix Mercury games.....and I was even at Arena Bowl to see the Rattlers. However last night was my first concert experience at U.S. Airways Center. I went to see John Legend and Sade....and it was a show to which I have no words....but trust me it was Sultry and I was in a total trance the whole time. The arena was set up very nicely for the Sellout Crowd....other than having some better organization....I will definitely return for another concert in the future. "Came here for a Sade concert and I wasn't particularly impressed. They need to illuminate the row numbers when the lights are lowered I couldn't see a damn thing when trying to find my seat. Also the leg room is nonexistent seeing that I have a bad knee that doesn't do well when bent for more than 20 min it was rather uncomfortable. I had to wait until the person in front of me got up so I could extend my leg. I'd be hesitant to see another concert here  there are quite a few bars and restaurants."  but you have to realize. I have been to the Staple Center  and the The Honda Center many times! Loved the parking! We parked next door on top I have to say that I am very impressed by the US Airways Center and all the ""nightmare"" worries that I had about entering the building  which makes lines small and getting things fast. The are also diffent varieties of concessions available at different places. I noticed that the upper level of the stadium has less traffic and crowding  you have to put up with that crap. I don't even like basketball that much but the stadium was really nice and clean and lots of selection on food and drinks-which is important to ME! Lol. I was upgraded to one of the suites and the suite was very nice too. Highly recommend meeting someone that has suite tickets and then get them to invite you up! Bathrooms clean The game was well-matched. All in all it was a great way to spend an evening. Well The arena is on the small side. I would say maybe 1/2 the size of Staples Center in Los Angeles.  I sat  in the 200 section and I was 8 rows from the back wall so it's quite small and you pretty much have a decent view.  I was shocked to see that 40% of their fans were wearing Lakers gear - I didn't realize Phoenix had a lot of transplants.  I can't say that the stadium is the best out there but it was nice."  up to 4 hours before to 4 hours after the event for FREE!!! And the train stops are walking distance from the arena.  Never a bad time at US Airways Center" (Disclaimer:  #2 may or may not have happened to me during my visit)"  there's a lot less ""crazies"" at this arena than other arenas.  I feel totally safe at US Airways Center." The game last night was awesome - such a close game "Spent north of $1200 for simple food in one of their boxes last week. After charging me a %20 ""service fee"" on the food  but rather safe. You pay him up front and he will have change readily available.  We attended the Phoenix Suns vs Detroit Pistons game on a Friday and the crowd was very lively and enthusiastic about their Suns. (I was incognito I attended the last game of the season in a suite Wednesday night and was impressed with the space and the food...actually quite good!" I will have a hard time coming back here no matter how GREAT the Greatest show on earth was and is!" "This venue is definitely SMALL which I personally love since every seat is better.  I came here last night for the Arena Football League championship game between the AZ Rattlers and the Utah Blaze for a place in the Arena Bowl.  Maybe it was the fact that the family friendly dedicated fans are amazing  pretty clean... what else is there to say ;)" I love going to sporting events and one of my favorite places to go is Us Airways for them! It could be because I am a huge Suns and Mercury fan but I would like it if all the AZ sporting events were here. Why? Because it is centrally located! I like that it is fairly clean (depending on what you are going to see) and kids friendly. I am also a fan of how many eating establishments there are near by now. Ue9mYNOxPcicrU_UzhGluQ uFJwKlHL6HyHSJmORO8-5w  creme brle and macaroons. Needless to say my fiance and I we STARVING. We sorta looked around the arena district for something and didn't see anything that quite tickled our fancy. We determined that the super nutritious combo of nachos and soda were in order. I mean I imagine this is a great place to catch a NBA game ... too bad the Suns suck." Protip: Parking is easy if you just stop a half mile (northwest) away."  this is still a pretty good place to see a show.  I appreciate the fact that we are not limited to the old school arena fare of hot dogs and nachos.  There's at least one decent bar and lots of yummy food (at arena prices of course but hey!  You're at a concert)."  which was also nothing special (I'm a hockey fan so it's hard for me to get excited about a regular season basketball game featuring two teams near the bottom of the Western Conference)." "The seats are ridiculous. I am 6'0""and my boyfriend is 6'3"" and we barely fit.  This place needs to be redone for tall people.  It's not like humans are getting shorter?"  a good place to see a concert!"  they really have their stuff together. All the staff know where everything is "Saw Eric Clapton 03-15-13 and had a terrible time. The reason was the sound system. US Airways Center has the worst sound system I've ever heard for the money spent. no bass Overall everything was pretty awesome - Muse Only knock is their hotdogs smell like ham that's been sitting out.  Had to pass on the meal because it was so off-putting.  Didn't stop us (and a BAJILLION little girls) from enjoying the show though."  this one is pretty nice!!  Pretty much anywhere in the house you can get pretty decent seats.  I would pick seats that are located in front of the entry way to the seats and not behind it and would also avoid the nosebleeds.  Other than that Now if the Suns can just turn things around..." Just a heads up if you show up early for an event there are no public restrooms. You have to hike it over across the street to the location by Paradise Bakery to go to the bathroom. Not good when you have little kids for that reason. The bathrooms are never the cleaniest compared to other sporting venues. Of course I keep going back because there is always great shows here! Great venue and I know i'll be back for more games and concerts." Great place to see a game or a concert! I've watched many suns games here and I saw TOM PETTY & the Hearbreakers here from the 6th row! Good times! Friends don't let friends fly US airways . . . Seriously!! Pay the $10 $20 $50 for a better airline horrible customer service not even offered a food voucher for their mistake that has me here waiting til 641pm got here at 9am o_O uFJwKlHL6HyHSJmORO8-5w  all the great teams and fun times....I don't see any fun times at this place these days. They need to overhaul the amenities and provide us better quality product (both on the court and in the food areas). I probably will come to see the Rattlers play  and well organized. Lots of stands set up for drinks/food/merchandise and plenty of water fountains and bathrooms. The acoustics were great and the show was amazing."  but good food/beverage options and every seat has a good view."  because its a slightly smaller venue so supposedly you get a better view. I like that there are a lot of restaurants in the area that are in walking distance. It's nice to have options for dinner before or after the concerts. Since Chase field is right next door For a concert arena it was really big and I liked it. Afterwards it got very crowded and I felt a bit uncomfortable. Overall- nice place. All in all it was an excellent experience and we will definitely be returning!!"  and a couple of basketball games! Love the spacious venue and every seat In the house seemed like a good seat! Staff is helpful when looking for an exit or the bathrooms No bad seat here. I mean large venues like this are meant to hold a lot of people. Bought last minute tickets to see beyonce at the box office. The lady there assisted me and was patient with me trying to get cheap tickets. She did her research to make sure we got the best deal!  We were good to go and we got what we paid for. It really doesn't matter where you sit as there are a lot of choices for concessions and  the seats are comfortable. Considering the crowd size there is never an overwhelming wait for the ladies room. As others have mentioned I like that Customer relations will be able to hold your stroller (if you go with your baby)..." uFJwKlHL6HyHSJmORO8-5w  the highlight was hands down the ""Dancing Dads"" - or 25 overweight white guys dancing to hip hop in t-shirts and shorts.  Without a question  the sound was ridiculously loud to the point of hurting your ears.  I have been to many other venues around the state  love everything here.  All signs are clear and staffs are friendly and knowledgeable.  Parking has been the problems since sometimes it's difficult finding a close lots.  But you do get to ride the light rail for free for all events being held at USAC." First visit to Phoenix & first-time watching basketball game! It was fun. Very clean city  (yes.. I am from NY) & a very kind parking attendant as well. I don't think I will ever get that level of kindness from parking attendant in Manhattan. I have seen Justin Timberlake here and the Backstreet Boys back in the day. Both shows were great with awesome pyrotechnics I went here for a WWE Raw showing in 2012. We didn't have to wait too long and got in pretty fast. People were helpful to show us where to go. The snack bar was alright- I wasn't a fan of the nachos and I am a HUGE nacho person. They do sell snacks and drinks during the show as well. Overall very happy with the place. "My first trip to this stadium for a Suns/Clippers game. Nice energy. Good views of the court all around. $10 parking. Happenin' downtown to spill out into after the game. What more can you want? Suns lost to the Clips on this night (3/4) The wife and I grabbed some custom jerseys as we! I'm pretty sure we've adopted the suns as our new nba team"  checking purses & wanding random people. The lines were incredibly long. People were cutting in line.There was no organization whatsoever outside by any US Airways Arena personal or even Phoenix PD. It took 45 minutes or longer to get into the building. It could have been a very ugly scene outside. You would have thought we were going to see the President for crying out loud. I understand security checks are a part of our lives now no matter what type of event you go to anymore but the folks at US Airways Center need to tighten things up security wise. Check with your counterparts over at The University of Phoenix Stadium on how to get people through a security line quicker. Absolutely ridiculous!"  good venue....seen better and worse." I caught a game here a couple years ago when I was in AZ for spring training. Very cool arena. I had decent seats in one of the upper corners but it was in the front row. Nice arena to see a Suns game at.  they told us we couldn't bring our sealed water bottles in. Are you kidding me? It's WATER. They took them away and were rude and sarcastic the whole time. We go inside "Of course the Billy Joel Concert on June 1st was super-awesome featuring probably one of the most creative musicians to ever be born on this planet.  Those fingers on the keyboard were nothing but utterly amazing not to mention listening to those great lyrics that he created.  But let's talk about the US Airways Center AND the selling of beverages.  I could understand scamming people into buying a 10.50 beer because you ARE at a concert and that's what you do.  BUT------ BUT-----  $6.00 for a bottle of water??? That is beyond the pale of greed--- People in Phoenix heat NEED water before they dehydrate.  The body in these Phoenix temperatures is in a constant state of dehydration even after being in the arena.  I would pay 3.50 for water still knowing that the greed factor is in play z0qAj0O8gB9ggQHd4VdvDQ "Lady Gaga concert.   Never ever again.   Ridiculous techno music for 2 plus hours.   Tickets said 7:30 and while I understand concerts don't start on time "Here to protect the pit! Rattlers first playoff game. Parking in the US Airways garage is passes only Been here a couple of times with WWE and overall it's a decent arena. Great staff and from what I saw from the concourse the seating looks great. There's not a bad seat in the house. Crowd is always fired up here for events. My only negative is that I think this is one of the arenas that is a pain in the butt to leave after events.  every seat has a good view of the arena."  my ticket window guy was awesome! He snagged the area/section that I wanted and set me up with an account so that if my tickets were lost or stolen I'd be able to get a re-print. Sweet!" They have new security rules so I avoid taking a purse in if possible. But it's not too bad if you have to bring one.  We have never waited more than a couple minutes to get in." "The facility is lovely and evry time you go i. You see the magnitude of it.  The tour I didi showed the new locker room "I went to this venue for the Carnivore's tour last month and was really pleased with my experience again. This time when I went I have to say that besides the friendly employees and decent parking this venue was a huge disappointment." "This is an arena. They have so many seats it's crazy. You've never seen so many seats. They also have really big TVs. It's really fun and nicer than a lot of other arenas. Except when the Suns lose  or on the stage. These are not public areas but they were clean and easily accessible. The private bathrooms in the dressing room was large and had a shower...probably a necessity for sweaty performers. I was in a wheelchair and everything was easily accessible for me and there are many areas in the venue specifically for people with disabilities. There were lots of food options including beer/wine. All in all It was fun to be on the light rail with so many other people also going to the Fleetwood Mac concert!" Bathrooms could use a privacy divider for the men's room urinals.... I'm not homophobic Enjoyed the Suns VS Bucks last night! Great game even if Suns lost the last 3.5 seconds of the game. Bummed. If I had to complain it would be about the price of beer but I was expecting the prices to be sky high in the arena."  I wouldn't mind attending future events there- as long it was something I'd want to see badly!" had a great experience at this stadium. It's huge and very accommodating! I was here with a group of 25 other people and took only 10minutes to get in. The security lines were fast and finding our seats were a breeze. Very controlled and well organized!!  they sure know what they are doing.  We really had a great time last night."  so I'm not sure if it's a great place for concerts and other events. Even on nights when sons don't sell out their games the hallways can get quite crowded. The room is always well lit and clean bathrooms I have never had a problem. For basketball games they're not really any horrible seats When the two of them came together at the end - that was how to rock it out! The entertainment from these two were good - I've seen better  seriously? We didn't see one vendor walking around selling beer/wine all night...which made no sense since it was an all-adult event. We were there last Saturday evening for the Harlem Globetrotters and there was no shortage of vendors trying to sell us beverages and everything else under the sun :)" Iv took my kids to see a few shows here since we moved here ... And iv been very pleased with how our evenings have went... Parking was super fast and easy both times. $10 and we only had to walk across the street.. I couldn't complain at all! The lines went fast and smoothly and our seats were perfect for the balcony view we purchased. My only tip would be.. If your taking kids ... Take some snacks and juice with you... The prices for food are to high for me! Two kids sodas .. One large soda and 2 boxs of candy and a pretzel w/ cheese $40 .. About the same as the movie theater. More then I'm welling to spend on food..But they do have a Carl Jrs in the building... That would be the cheapest route if you want to eat during your event. But I will definitely continue to buy tickets for future events. This place is awesome the night staff at the bar are great Shelley and karey are hilarious and definately kept me here to spend more money and enjoy my time I will definately be back soon "Just here for a Suns vs OKC game. I feel like all these stadiums are one in the same. There was nothing special about it or anything that stood out. I have to admit though "So I actually had the pleasure of seeing Phoenix Coyotes hockey in this building when it was named the American West Arena Worst ever.  Cops and security have attitudes and are rude despite family event. Food sucks I would recommend the U.S. Airways Center for any local or out of town visitor on their spots to checkout online. Keep up the great work and enjoyable events!" There wasn't a  dull moment and the best part  we had great seats that were quite affordable at $25 per person." "Good central location but for concerts I don't like it. Very poor acoustics Great customer service...lots of concession choices that are somewhat reasonable.  Parking and getting out of downtown was a disaster and that was the only downfall "Pretty nice arena in comparison to others I've visited. The upper deck seats still feel fairly close to the court which is nice as these seats are obviously a LOT more affordable. The arena also has a good selection of snacks/drinks. My personal fav is Fractured Prune. If you want to sit and grab a beer before the game starts "Attended a concert here over the weekend. The ingress moved at a quick pace but security confiscated my personal property with no option to get it back after the concert. They said I could return the item to my car but when I tried to do so the doorman wouldn't let me out. So I had no option but to throw my (harmless Who in the hell is directing traffic tonight?  It took 30 minutes to go three blocks on Jefferson.  Really ?!?   very far downhill.   Both the City of Phoenix and the Suns as the primary tenant should be very ashamed."  and I still felt like I was going to a sporting event until I walked inside and saw the beautiful stage setup. I just wished the concert would have been at a more formal venue to make the experience feel as snazzy as it was. Otherwise  and said she didn't believe a word I said. ""Guest Experience""  I will Never ever go to this terrible place again. Felt like I was in Communist Russia or Natzi Germany.  Who gets kicked out of a concert for dancing.  And what's worse if the incredibly insensitive response. Also lost my leather jacket because they wouldn't let me go back to my seat to retrieve it.  Wow" "This arena is old and worn down. The bathrooms are disgusting Oooh and they have chocolate drizzled cheesecake on the 1st floor! Yummy! ($7.00)"  I know we're *achem* a dying breed) there didn't seem to be any place to go except all the way downstairs & only out certain doors- so it was quite a trek." "Really nice family atmosphere. I have only visited for basketball games. I would give it a 5 star This stadium is now filled with the next generation of Warrior fans!  Curry changing the game!  Nice stadium with good food selections.  Lots of areas where you can sit and catch the game on TVs. Parking.. That is something to do an hour before the events.. We were late... Downtown parking makes it such a pain to go see performances!"  but try to eat and hydrate before you get there lol." Seats aren't made for normal size humans I ended up staying in hallway for the whole game because I couldn't sit without twisting my back.  you will only be disappointed by your seats and the venue."  the acoustics were terrible. I've never heard such distortion in a venue. Phoenix is such a lovely city and they deserve a much better place to hear music."  clean and exciting atmosphere. Great place to watch a game  and the Suns and their fans are not that energetic. I'm kind of right in the middle with my impression of this stadium.  Far from the best NBA experience I have had  and there are plenty of new and old bars/clubs to explore in downtown PHX before and after a game. Pretty much a perfect location for an arena like this. My one complaint: the concourses are narrow. For sell-outs or playoff games the hallways can be pretty cramped and the restrooms busy. Don't know if the Suns will want a new arena soon "Been to this arena many times for all the sporting events and concerts. This is an older venue that needs some serious upgrading. The atmosphere is great when there is a winning team!! I do enjoy coming here for concerts. I will say that the food has definitely been upgraded throughout the years We came here to take my dad to see Jeff Foxworthy & Larry the cable guy. First we were told we could take water in. Nope! Then one of our seats were broken. And we had the most rudest people in front of us. And it was $12 for a soda.  Highway robbery. Horrible services at the concessions.  Takes forever to get a goddamn drink.  Crappy food too. uFJwKlHL6HyHSJmORO8-5w "I've been to Talking Stick for many different events. I love watching the Suns and the Mercury play here 