The location isnt the best (downtown) if you are looking for fun afterward."  I love the fact that they serve them on  platters sizzling with butter.  That's something somewhat unique compared to some of the other shops.  I love the sound of the sizzle as the plates approach the table.  I had dinner a couple of nights ago and while the steaks are top notch the bar isn't that good.  The  bartenders are competent "Horrible service and the food is not comparable to any other Ruth Chris I have been to and I've been to them in 10-15 different cities. My rib-eye was all fat and the waitress was so snotty we wanted to throw our drinks at her. Save your money Really good steaks! The porter house is to die for! Something about cooking a steak in butter! Paula Deen would be proud! The location could be better. With all the new construction of new condos and office buildings going up now would be a great time to move! Was my favorite until Hyde Park came to town. Really good service and drinks!  they were amazing. I had a filet mignon. It was very flavorable and cooked to perfection. This is one of the best steaks that I have ever had. For our sides  but the food - not much different than Outback or Texas Roadhouse." Cons. The restaurant is very expensive. I like to go for special occasions or for when they have specials." "Dinned here last night for my birthday. Absolutely wonderful. Our waitress Erin was the best. Had the Porterhouse for two. Cooked to perfection. Drinks were great. This place lives up to all the hype. Best meal I have ever had. Had the strawberries and creme for desert  and wonderful food. As usual I managed to devour every bit of my t-bone. When asked ifnwe were going to have dessert we declined as we decided to go to our favorite dessert place. We were pleasantly surprised when our waitress retrned with a plate which had strawberries and whipped cream So my final words... are YUM!"  it's that I wish that the Pittsburgh Ruth's Chris was in a more extravagant setting like some bigger cities.  However I always feel they go the extra mile for me but the food and service are always top notch i can assume this is the standard."  we will definitely be back. We'll just request to be seated in Kristen's section! :)" 0FgwBx7pgmNdUtsd_T8UYQ Friday is a good reason to go... Reservations are calling!" I would definitely go again."  I am never disappointed with Ruth's Chris.  I would live here if I could...  Feeling hungry?  Try the Porterhouse...AWESOME!"  but the quality of the food compared to what you pay just is not up to standard. For $250 I can feed and booze six friends at my house instead of me and my girlfriend at Ruth's Chris."  I am trying to do just that. My husband and I have eaten at RCSH over the years and with each visit the service has gotten increasingly worse! The food is wonderful as always but really with our dinners averaging 200 plus tip I believe the service should be topnotch. What happened RC???? WE LOVE your food but can't justify the prices with service so bad. We should not have to keep looking around for our waiter for a drink refill and we told numerous times we would like bread with our meal and when we brought it up to him  then cut up the steak into 10 or 12 cubes.  These cubes were then cooked.  I could have done better at home."  and you don't have to have 6 people dining to make use of their family-size side dish portions."  and was extremely attentive of my gluten-free needs. The servers are extremely knowledgeable of the menu and will accommodate you no matter what. The decor is a bit dated and is due for a remodeling "I'm really torn by this review. For years and years this was my favorite restarant in the downtown area. We went there last Saturday for dinner and had what I would deem an average meal at exorbitant prices. The salads 0FgwBx7pgmNdUtsd_T8UYQ Side note... I think the steaks are just a little bit better than Texas Roadhouse and you could buy three of their steaks for the price of one at RC. Just sayin'."  but for the price I'd really like my steak to be perfect. The whole table ordered medium rare but ate a medium steak because the hot plate that the steaks were served on continued cooking the steak" 0FgwBx7pgmNdUtsd_T8UYQ  I have never felt smaller in any restaurant experience in my life. Extremely disappointing and appalling. Will give our business to Capital Grille from now on. I urge you to do the same." The best restaurant in the burgh..I travel from California and this is my go to place to eat..sweet potato with vanilla ice cream so good Parking here is free if you can find the lot. There was no mention of the parking online or when I made the reservation. So we paid for parking and had to walk a few blocks." One thing I will say is that the service is exceptional. I would expect nothing less. Especially because you gotstabe ballin' if you come here. You will not be ballin' when you leave... because you'll be broke. But you'll be full!" I think this is a wonderful stop and they went above and beyond to make the kids happy too. They don't rush you and let you savor a great meal." 0FgwBx7pgmNdUtsd_T8UYQ When did they start storing their stuffed olives in Styrofoam cups?"  but they have to step up their service!  ESPECIALLY when the restaurant isn't busy!" Employees were all working hard very nice and conversational.  My family and I enjoyed celebrating my birthday here over the weekend  the food was mediocre but the staff was extremely friendly. I booked on opentable and told them that it was his birthday and they did bring him a complimentary dessert. I prefer Morton's I have eaten at a lot of Ruth's Chris joints.  This was the only place where nothing tasted like any of them.  Apparently not part of the main chain and it shows.   Fail on all levels.  Had to send steak back twice before I just said to hell with it.  Horrible.  unbelievable wine choices and impeccable service. I can not wait to go back."  Va. Normally this is where we'd get the best steak we ever tasted. My husband's filet was just ok and almost over cooked. My scallops were boarder line undercooked and were just ok. Probably one of the worst meals we've had at a Ruth's Chris. However hats off to our server Just one word.....amazing. Food was incredible and service was impeccable. Thank you for a special evening!  but this location is still my favourite in Pittsburgh. Possibly it has to do with reminiscence. Here I had the first real steak of my life  which the espresso and chocolate mixed together was mouth-watering. My sister ordered the Strawberries and Cream. The strawberries tasted fresh and sweet. My parents split an amazingly tempting apple cobbler served warm with vanilla ice cream and overflowing with delicious apples"  first waiter never appeared again at our table but was still working in the room) asked about dessert. We said we were told it was included. He acted so surprised because no one told him it was a birthday ! I think Ruth Chris should simply say they have a complimentary dessert but stop ASKING if it is a special occasion" The waitstaff was also helpful and on point throughout the meal."  and the food was delicious. They also sent us home with chocolate covered strawberries as a parting gift. I would highly recommend it to anyone interested in an upscale dinner experience."  from apps to dessert we were quite satisfied! A couple notes: the lobster bisque was a bit watery but still tasted great...my filet was more medium well than medium...other than these minor issues the food was great! Now I have to mention the reservation issue...I reserved a table online  and a new cocktail to help us get our lives together.  And the service remained great for the rest of the meal. I know most places of this old man meat club genre would not have appreciated this to the point of scorn for our table.  But no  but at these prices I expect something extraordinary...and it wasn't. My medium rare steak was over cooked. Everything was good. But at these prices there are better choices"  but everything else on the menu does not live up to the price tag. You could go to Spoon or Altius and pay less for amazing atmosphere AND everything is delicious." Would easily recommend to anyone looking for a great steak house downtown."  but so is a suit and tie.  The restaurant can accommodate almost any attire.  The drinks are expensive but who cares because the food is in a category near its own towards the top of the proverbial mountain.  I am told that the menu includes entrees besides steak  which was wonderful. I would definitely recommend Ruth's but definitely start off with a different appetizer." 0FgwBx7pgmNdUtsd_T8UYQ  so one or two things will be good for 2-4 people. Of course it's expensive  I think it's important to order wisely here so you don't accidentally break your budget... but even if you do  I want to be in a nice restaurant with excellent service!  They even come by and scrape the crumbs off your table in between dinner and dessert  minus the broccoli (but really who cares about that) was truly fantastic. With the steep prices it's not something we will be doing often  in the end I chose the ribeye. For sides we ordered sauted mushrooms and au gratin potatoes. The sides (and the meals) are huge so share sides with everyone at the table! Everything came out beautifully. My mother's steak however came out medium rare instead of medium well Best steak we've ever enjoyed.  Service is impeccable and attentive.  A little pricey but worth every penny spent.  Highly recommended. This past time I went to ruth's chris I got the ribeye I was here just recently for a wedding engagement party and the food was exceptional my steak was done just the way i ordered it. The wine was pretty good and i am not a wine drinker and actually liked the red they served. I would say i would come again.  I know exactly where I'll head and what I'll order... and I'll be sure to ask to be seated with Christian again!" "Wow.  How far we have fallen.  This place used to be THE best steaks in town.  Went here last night for a friends birthday.  Our bill was over $400.  Tip was $120.  We are all in the business.  What a disappointment.  Mine and my buddies $52 ribeye were med well to well done after ordering it medium.  We don't complain  not in a hurry though." "Everything starts with the service. Our waitress was phenomenal.  We had a party of 9 and she tended to our very needs. She explained the menu throughly and made our time there worth the while. The food was amazing. Everything was freshly made and seasoned.  Yes  not sure which. My martini was also perfect and served with a shaker with extra that they put on the table. This place is great for large groups. I joined late and they integrated me into the flow seamlessly."  choose one of 3 sides and the dessert of the evening. I started with the steaks house salad which came with tomatoes and onions. I went with blue cheese dressing which was amazing- seemed to be homemade. For my entree I got the petite 6oz filet which came with 2 grilled shrimp. I choose the mashed potatoes as my side which are so creamy. The steaks are served on very hot plates so they continue cooking while you eat. I am not sure that is necessary and leaves you with a burning plate so watch out! The meat is fabulous and cooked to perfection as it should be. Our dessert was up next which was a chocolate fudge tort with whipped cream and berries and cream on the side- decadent is all I have to say. Our service was fantastic and we were served our entrees very quickly. Free parking in the garage underneath the restaurant." This experience was the ""final straw"".  We will never return to a Ruth's Chris Steakhouse." Best service every time and the most frictions food I ever had! I find myself going back although it's pricy because the food and service is always amazing! Great place to take ur date!  the service was excellent. You have to get there at about 5:00 or wait for okay food  and has been for a long time now.  Last visit garnered a first bucket of stale peanuts which the waitress knew we were going to say yet served them anyway before providing more.  An average steakhouse." iojBwiRxBD1gJ-LQ-PYWTQ  but it's the food that's the important part.  And the food here will satisfy if you have a deep craving for red meat like I did.  It had been forever since I had a good steak and it tasted really good.  Cooked very nicely  old-school steakhouse.  It ain't Morton's but it kicks sand in Black Angus's eye.  What I remember most were the servers  there was absolutely no smell of food in the place.  No charred meat odor  but not worth $25-30 (when you can spend the same price at a place like Sullivans) and a little on the stringy side...i liken it to Beef & Bottle Decent steaks and large portions.  Bring some night-vision goggles if you have a hard time seeing in the dark though.  The most recent time I went I had a terrible time getting our meal out but they comped the grilled shrimp and threw in free dessert.  You can get a tasty steak without emptying your wallet completely.  looked like a typical steak from Golden Corral.  Dessert was excellent.  They gave us a free dessert since it was our ""date night"".  Very local in flavor. Southern Hospitality to the core.  Would go back in a heart beat.  Would not consider it worth the $100 for two Sad to lose another Charlotte Institution! This place holds a lot of memories for a a lot of people. (For me Absolutely loved this place. The New York Strip was my fav and it always satisfied me. The service was always great as well. Used to be a type of place that you never knew who you might rub elbows with as many of the movers and shakers of Charlotte and the surrounding area would dine here. My most favorite thing in all the world was made here and I really wish I could have gotten the recipe. It was there Homemade Blue Cheese Dressing. It was da-bomb. Thanks Ranch House for so many good memory's. Old school steak house feel but a good spot to hit if you son't want to head downtown for some real grubbing!  and a nice salad. They have dessert ice cream with sauce but  they are GOOD and when they are bad.... let's just say I have a few that will not be my server again." "Love the kooka wings! I wish they would bring back the spicy new egland clam chowder! I can just eat appetizers and be happy!. I am a sucker for prime rib A minor detail but worth mentioning."  the food has yet to disappoint and we never have to wait for anything. Outside of dinner after 7 pm here you can get in and out fairly quickly and feel that you got what if not more than you paid for."  I've had better steaks at some of Charlotte's local bars.  If you're on a limited budget and want a steak dinner for $20 or less Outback food is fairly consistent.... Not bad for a Sunday night takeout....however they consistently FAIL to give us everything we order.  This was our last takeout night from them....  Shame....matching what's in the bag doesn't seem to be that difficult to me.  but we make an exception for this particular location. We will be back and I'm sure we will enjoy it once more." Friday night. Got a table quick. Service was good. Apps not so good. Main course was good.  and the food was great! The service was great The main variation is always the server - sometimes they are terrific and other times they are forgetful and rude. The management at this location is quick to head off problems though!"  we had a good meal with good service. And you really just can't ask for much more!" We ordered sweet teas and a Bloomin onion. The onion had a definite spicy taste to the batter that reminded me of old bay seasoning.  My wife had the chicken tenders and I had the pork tenderloin.  It wa a good but wasn't outstanding. At one point during the meal a skinny white guy knelt next to our table. He didn't introduce himself. He asked about our meal and disappeared. I told the waiter about him. We were both too full to have dessert on this outing but the French toast bread pudding looked delicious."  probably sitting in the shark infested bar section." Ordered take out and wanted mashed potatoes....they have me a baked potato. I know it's not too big of a difference...but taste and accuracy are important to me. I waited over 30 minutes for my food that was supposed to take 15-20 and it was extremely cold. I work in the restaurant industry but I make sure my product is accurate and hot when it leaves the restaurant. I also ordered 2 breads with it and only received one. I'm extremely disappointed in this restaurant and it's not the first time I've had a problem.  Not just in this location but in a couple others. I wouldn't wait to eat here but during the week when there's no line it's not that bad  this is a nice spot for Dinner and now Lunch" "After having a sub par meal last night a table that wasn't bolted to the base took a tumble and i ended up at urgent care for stitches.  The owner didn't bother comping our meal ($135) and my MIL had to fight for her to bring it down.  She ended up paying $24. What an insult.  Then The manager came by the twenty minutes after appetizers were ordered and told us they would be right out. Didn't offer any compensation for delay. There were no more than 10 tables seated  delicious food and unbelievable customer service.  No worries mate - best steak in south Charlotte"  you may wait on hold for 10-15 minutes. Hopefully they're working on that. I've had many good meals here Very nice and clean and very curious staff for an outback steakhouse. Very surprised by the staff. They must have a very good manager  I don't typically like chains but this place always keeps me coming back When I called the manager was unprofessional and would not credit the amount back for the missed entree. My only option was a gift certificate" "The best outback in town The service is always excellent... I mean I just love how friendly and genuinely welcoming everybody is here (hostess and servers)  Best staff I've ever seen at an outback. Great food! Great atmosphere. I'll be coming back for more very soon. Also I love that you can call in Togo and they will bring it right out to you! Good consistent service at this location. It's clean and they run some pretty good drink and bar specials. We came twice during the week and never had to wait and the staff is always attentive.  and respectful.. This is a nice clean location and your service will depend upon your server.  We give him Five Stars***** he's awesome!!!  The food is always fresh and drinks little small but always good! Ask for Stacy!!! he again made our time better fixed a hiccup for us with pleasure!!!"  we finally had to flag someone to re-cook it. Ok... so we waited for the second steak. Then waited 20 minutes after we were done eating to have to ask the bartender to find our waitress so we could pay and leave. Then we paid full price for all of that waiting. And come to find out I used to really like Outback in NJ but I'm in NC now. I ordered 18.99 10oz ribeye medium. Haven't they figured out how to cook a steak by now? It was dry and well done plus it was small for the price.  My dad ordered a sirloin and it was so well done it was difficult to cut. I am afraid to send food back to the kitchen ever see the movie Waiting? I denied the managers offer to send it back. Disappointing. Will never return. Sad too I used to love Outback. I guess the CEO who makes a million dollars would rather put it in his pocket than pay for a decent chef. It's a real shame.  but with no car that evening and a hungry family we gave it a try. The food was delicious  as we would have done back in my day. No one ever revisited the table until their FOH manager did her standard rounds from table-to-table and I opened up about it. It was at this time that she recognized I had not eaten any of it and offered to take it off the bill. While she was at the computer completing the void of my dinner from the bill Soooo the place is kinda small. Not the most professional staff but the House Manager is the BOMB!!! U can tell he likes people and does a great job with service. But yall gotta try the filet mignon it was sooo good. Of course it's not Mortons but definitely worth 20 bucks.  I wont be back for another decade." "Quick with the reservation and the Ahi-tuna sesame salad was fresh  and the cloud of negativity surrounding the staff is embarrassing for the outback company. I will never visit this location again and will also write outback personally." We had a incident at our meal tonight and the management went out of their way to make the situation right. They turned a problem into an opportunity to exceed expectations. It made the overall experience better than we would have had without an issue. I will remember this the next time I am in the mood for steak! Had a well deserved dinner with Wifey and the service was great. The Queen enjoyed the Margaritas. I went to Outback steakhouse for dinner. We was seated and I kept asking myself why was it kind of dark. I had the prime rib which it was just OK. My husband chicken pasta was good though. Service was fast we probably stayed for thirty minutes for the whole service. "Used the curb side take out.. Had to wait 15 mins longer than the time they quoted God consistent service at this location. It's clean and they run some pretty good drink and bar specials. We came twice during the week and never had to wait and the staff is always attentive. Don't go here unless you've got 3 hours to kill."  love the rib eye from this place most the time.  On a good day you won't find a better steak anywhere but on a bad day you probably won't finish your meal. They are getting better so bad days are happening less and less thankfully." We were three for dinner on Monday evening.  We asked to sit outside and were seated right away.  The hostess did forget to come back with a table cloth and only left us napkins and utensils for two but that is the only negative I have.  Our waiter was personable and very efficient.  I had the teriyaki steak medallions which were wonderful and so tender I really didn't need a knife.  The other two both had the center cut sirloin which they said was done perfectly.  I will definitely go again. "This is the absolute worst Outback. I've used the take away service a few times and the results are always the same.... Food is never ready when quoted My wife ordered a 12oz  sirloin medium and I ordered the jumbo crab cake stuffed lobster tail. I am hoping for redemption. I probably  had a better  chance  of  winning  the  powerball. The crab was perfectly  seasoned  and the lobster  had been drizzled  with some sort of garlic  butter salt. Drizzled  is how it was supposed  to  be  done but drenched  was how it arrived at the table. I love lobster but not when it tastes like a salt lick for deer. What a shame! I had two managers visit our table. The first one asked how everything was. I could've said yellow for all she cared. The second one wanted to know how the lobster was and I told her that it was very salty. I told her that the cook probably put too much garlic salt in the butter sauce. I then told her that most of the people that ordered this dish wouldn't notice. I stopped before telling her that my palate was a bit more refined. The waiter told me that the lobster tails were 7oz but they sure looked like 4oz ones to me. I guess we'll wait another two years before seeing if the food has improved." "Our visit was less than perfect but that's okay. We sat down and immediately noticed it was uncomfortably cold in there. Not a big deal to me. We ordered and once we saw other people getting their food first we started to wonder. I have patience but my company grew mad. I had a sirloin with veggies and he had chicken tacos. The manager came over and said she was sorry but the chef messed up a taco and that was causing the delay. She left and came back a few mins later and said not to worry about the meal as its going to be comped. Again And other times after 2 bites it's in the trash and I'm on my way to another restaurant" Overall good experience... the waitress was a little on the slow side (for the restaurant being dead).  It did pick up toward the end so maybe she got a little frazzled." Salad had wilted lettuce.  Sanitation grade 90.5.  Don't recommend. bad service & terrible food zmWlDfDmiNgci1e6WMA8fw  I recommend that you either find somewhere else to go or just save your money and hit one of the local grocery stores.  Since Applebee's is a chain  my second round of sangria tasted like the bartender poured half a bottle of what ever they use to sweeten it  and then she hung up on me mid sentence. When she came out to my car she was nothing but impolite. It was the customer service tonight that may have deterred me from ever coming back to Applebees.   The food was great "Delicious steaks and nice interior. Friendly staff Very bad service. Also my girlfriend got very sick after eating here. Also notice that the chicken she had ate was undercooked. DO NOT GO TO THIS APPLEBEE's  my visits are great. Well I guess you can't really mess up wings & drinks." "This location seems recently remodeled.  Very pleased with the abundance of local and regional microbrews displayed unusually attractively for an Applebee;s.  They had glasses provided by the brewers  if you want a decent meal with at least decent service I have enjoyed the steak at Applebee's. Decently priced & slow service though."  walked by multiple times without even looking our way. Place wasn't busy at all. Left and went across the street to another restaurant which was very busy but seated us a took our order within a couple of minutes.  If you are looking for a quick lunch don't go here." I'll make sure as long as I live none of my family friends or even foe! croses foot to this so called ""restaurant"" again."  good start right? Wrong. We sat for over 15 minutes with many servers passing us including the one assigned to our table. Another server we had not seen stopped by and asked if we had been helped. He took our drink order and was extremely pleasant. Waitress delivered our water and drinks then nothing further for about ten minutes. Ordered and received our food my wife ordered the Asian salad and started eating and when she got to the bottom of the bowl a hair was at the bottom. Called manager and he came over. Not very customer service oriented. My wife had to ask if the salad would be compensated after he asked if she would like something else to which he responded  I'm assuming because it was a slow night. I told the bartender that I was there to pickup an order and she decided that her conversation with her coworker was more important than serving a customer. I waited for about 10 minutes ( my requested pickup time at the time was about 15 minutes prior to this) and my food came out. I checked my order  and waited. It must have been 30 - 35 minutes before it came. She set our plates down and scurried off. She never even gave us silverware or napkins. We managed to flag down another waitress and asked for silverware and napkins. She went to go get them and never returned. After about 10 minutes a man came around checking on each table. I assumed he was a manager. We told him about the silverware and napkins and he apologized and brought them right away. At this time the bungling waitress comes over to ask if we needed anything. At that point we didn't. She went over to the next table and they complained about something and we heard her apologizing. She went to another table and they complained and we heard her apologizing again. Apparently she was screwing up orders at every table. We finished the meal What a joke! This place has permanently lost my patronage." "First off the management here sucks ass!! The kitchen was so far behind that we sat there for 35 mins and still didn't get our appetizer! The server did all that she could but damn! This place has no team work at all and like I said Never ever eat here!!! Worst service I have ever had. When we said something there was one excuse after another!  I placed an order online for the salad and a soup while at the gym. I plugged in for it 12:00pm pick up. I arrived around 11:45 and had no problem waking until 12. 12:10 nothing...12:15 he comes out with the receipt to sign and will bring the food out when it's ready. Really? It's soup and a wedge salad. Literally a hunk of lettuce. 12:30 and this is the salad they bring out. No bacon and barely any toppings. I knew my one experience Wednesday night was too good to be true."   she looked like she couldn't be more bothered.  But I guess after she sensed we were ok peeps she let her guard down a bit.  Our food came at a reasonable time and my salad was pretty dang on good!  Was it my favorite place?  Nah "Fantastic service and food. We ordered appetizers  if the fact that we had to wait 5 minutes for a hostess to greet us although the restaurant was half empty wasn't the key for us to run we ignored the signs. After waiting 20 minutes we observed several already seated parties leaving and complaining of the wait. We still stayed because I insisted on Applebee's. After waiting another 20 minutes for our server to take a drink order and waiting another 25 mins for the appetizer to arrive cold. We still hung in and received cheese less 4 cheese Mac and cheese  and my food sucked.  Kinda hard to criticize a cheeseburger and fries but I didn't finish them.  I would have loved another napkin and had to finish my burger with my knife and fork because I couldn't wipe my hands.   I didn't leave a tip for probably the second time in my life." While I can't say we will go back we did not have a bad experience."  the food and service is good... I was appreciative of their late hours Returned for breakfast and you will not believe the great prices.  The portions were very big.  I am a big man and could not finish the plate of Ham eggs Hasbrowns and biscuits.  Service was prompt.  Food hot." Excellent service! Friendly staff! Great food and cheap beer! Breakfast and lunch specials. Definitely would recommend this place to eat at. Only had the breakfast from this establishment. The moms and pops specials are the way to go. For the price you can't go wrong.  the baked potato is one of the best i have had. Finished off with a warmed pecan pie which was great. This place is a kept secret and i expected to be busier than what it was. Will definitely be back." Service was great.  For $25 I expected more of a steak.  I have seen steaks like this used in Philly cheese steak or skirt steak but not ribeyes.  The seafood was okay.  Overall good but over priced.  first to review??? Always amazing... this place rocks... and it is a chain which is kinda suprising to me.  I ordered the 6 ounce sirloin which comes with two sides for $9.99.  The meat was cooked to perfection and so was the potato and the steamed veggies.  We also ordered the sampler of desserts... OMG killer.  I had written off Outback way back when and now I can't wait to try it when I get home to CA.  AND Outback does a great job as a chain of restaurants. This one seem to have it right.  certainly not count calories. The menu seems to be designed to get the most food for your money "Where will I begin how about to the sound of our entrees echoing onto the dining room when they fell onto the ground "Last time I ate there was the last time.  Ordered lobster and it was soft.  Mushy  so if you just want your slab of meat cooked the way you like it you'll enjoy it." "It's Outback. Chains rarely delight me but this one does ok.  It is right next door to the Courtyard that I stay in for business so it's convenient.  Curbside takeaway is really convenient.  On my last visit  but we had incredible service all the way around. The servers were on top of it.  At every table around us the server was there within a minute of the customer being seated.  Pretty impressive.  Our food arrived quickly and was so good.  Would highly recommend this location." We eat out much of the time. Hardly ever go to Outback because it is always very busy. We had exceptional service. Waitress anticipated our needs and was very friendly. We both had the Mahi-Mahi with sun dried tomatoes. It was very good. I always go to the bar the bartenders are very good and quick to serve I always get food to go and it is always good the only reason for four stars is it is very busy but good Friendly and prompt staff." We eat out much of the time. Hardly ever go to Outback because it is always very busy. We had exceptional service. Waitress anticipated our needs and was very friendly. We both had the Mahi-Mahi with sun dried tomatoes. It was very good. "I've eaten at Outbacks more times in my life than I can remember.  Since moving to Rock Hill I've eaten at this one about eight times.  You expect consistent good food from a chain like Outback and you pay a decent price for it.  But  I will not return. The only reason They are getting 1 star is that I can't give them less." Our server was Jerry - very professional and cute as a button!"  and doubt that I will return. My steak tonight was small in size and one third of it was gristle. You don't expect this in a filet Inconsistent service but food is good. Last 2 visits we were close to walking out because we felt like our waitress forgot we were there.  I could go into more detail but heads up on service. The night we went it was full of birthdays and I think we heard them sing the birthday song at least 10 times. I am not holding that against this place. I guess it's a compliment to them that so many want to have their birthday there and be sung to." "I live pretty much in walking distance to this place. It is what it is. I have never found staff to be anything but friendly and service is typical of all chain restaurants. After all that's why you visit a chain Although I love the food here I have found lately it's very inconsistent :( twice we have ordered items and had to send them back :( and I love outback a raw hamburger makes me sad So here's my conclusion....Was it edible. Yep. Did it ""wow"" me? No." The steaks are too spicy. the new fire grill flavor it taste like leather. We normally get the original with light spice  fast and seemed to have a passion for his job.  Wanted the filet and lobster combo.  Ian recommend the Old Bay butter for the lobster and it was great.  I always find the Outback chain very consistent which is why I eat here when I travel  was not anything special. I had the fish taco  one 12oz prime rib and one rib eye.  All were chewy and you had to really saw with the knife to even cut it.  Not the way I remember Outback  you lose.  It was ok. Steak came very well done.  Very tough.  I couldn't chew the steak.  I just was not going to eat it as I couldn't chew it.  Waitress was insisting to get me another steak and I frankly didn't want to take the time.  I didn't want to talk to the manager.  I was just going to pay for it and leave.  My husband had ordered ribs and chicken.  His ribs were refrigerator cold.  I told him not to eat them.  I am always afraid of danger when meat is cold. I decided now it was time to talk to manager.  She came over to table and said ""I thought you didn't want to talk to me.  I've already taken the meal off."" I explained I hadn't wanted to talk to her until my husband told me he had cold ribs.  At that time my husband said he chicken was really good.  By the time our waitress came and checked on us again  and service all great. Blooming onion is awesome! My ribeye was perfectly cooked. The wife loved her filet. Bleu cheese chopped salad is the best.... I always order extra bleu cheese crumbles. The bread is awesome! I love it when the server brings out a fresh loaf without even asking if you would like another."  salad and cheese cake. We had half sweet and half unsweetened iced tea our server was amazing and very nice. As soon as they found out it was my husband's birthday they didn't hesitate to sing happy birthday to him. I can't wait to go back!" 7G3Po8KXn1KF02qOg-X_mA I also love Outback because I used to frequent with my grandmother & I have lots of Great memories of us together here.." "COLD BROWNIE. Ordered a hot brownie and ice cream for curb side pickup. It was suppose to be sprinkled lightly with nuts. Got home (3 mins later) and the brownie was still semi frozen and completely FILLED with nuts. There was plenty for 2 people but there should me for 9$... 15 mins  zero on the food order scale and zero fot management. If you work hard for your money spend it somewhere else."  we got our server Maria M. She was polite but not friendly. After she took our order we barely ever saw her again. Only came back once to fill our drinks. Took us forever to get our check. My aunt thought she went on a break and didn't bother telling us. Wish I would have chosen some place better to bring my family. Will not be back. Not worth the price for the lousy service we received. I'd rather go to Hickory Tavern where the food is great and the prices are great and the servers actually are friendly and act like they enjoy having you." "We were just here for a retirement party and it was wonderful!  We had around 30 and it went amazingly smooth  Blake is a superstar - he was such an amazing and attentive server. Great food & great atmosphere. Must try their Mac n cheese!!! Great food. Great service...Our waiter (Alex)was very helpful and reminded us of Chris Rock... The meal was still delicious and I do appreciate the great customer service Outback offers." 7G3Po8KXn1KF02qOg-X_mA  he was still in uniform and when we asked for the check they paid for his meal and thanked him for his service. The food was great  EVEN Old Country Buffet's service and food far exceed that of this sh*thole at a 1 3 of the cost." "The best time to go to Fitzgeralds is on Sunday for their Brunch. It is great. They have a large selection of food for everyone. I would definitely recommend this place for Sunday brunch. We've been going their for years  but all the prices are high for what you get. Bar area was nice and bartenders nice and quick to get drinks. I think this place must be better for steaks or breakfast - skip the fish." I give 3 star for this restaurant since I kinda enjoyed eating there." A solid three star experience.  We did the Sunday Brunch.  I liked the salad bar and some of the selections but many of what I put on my plate was dull and spice less.  For the price I think the value was good and the service was better than average for a buffet.  We'll go back someday but we won't be in a hurry to do so. Our waiter was a nice guy. Very pleasant. Too bad the food wasn't."  everything was decent even if the portions were a bit small for the price. I was wavering between 3 and 4 stars because the server did such an excellent job. I'm happy to revise my review and trust that Fitzgerald's is a nice neighborhood place that is doing its best to improve each day."  but we were very happy with it and I'm sure we will go again the next time we are in town.  The Sunday brunch looks very interesting  in an attempt to make this review have some utility for the other 364 days of the year  and food was great. We will definitely go back again!" Nice Sunday brunch.  Good variety of selections.  Pleasant atmosphere and attentive wait staff! My husband and I always hit up fitzgeralds for drive thru prime rib.  Tonight we each got a 1 1 2cm thick charred piece of meat.  I would be embarrassed to serve this!  and a loaf of bread comes standard with every meal. The salad bar is pretty decent and one can make a meal out of that alone as it includes two soup options. We enjoyed nice conversation and delicious food in the warm ambiance of this restaurant. Although the prices are not cheap  but I wouldn't get a steak there." We gave our beloved drive thru prime rib another shot and you totally redeemed yourselves!  Thanks!"  the salad bar certainly should have been included with five pieces of shrimp and a baked potato. Can't justify going back...."  it is the same price as the regular menu and you NOW have to pay extra for the salad bar. Include a dinner salad with your meals and then people can upgrade if they desire. Additionally the filet mignon was blah "The 2 rating is only because our server was awesome.  She knew we were upset and did everything she could to make us happy.  It's to bad this attitude doesn't extend to the kitchen.  We asked if the prime rib was lean.  Kitchens answer was we have no idea.  So we ended up with a salad bar and a chicken dinner instead of the prime rib.  The kitchen doesn't seem to care about customer service.  We have kept trying to come here The new owners need to be on site." "Went for Mother's Day brunch and it wasn't good at all. The French toast sticks and cookies were hard. For $20 a plate I def didn't get even enough food to fill my little tummy. The only thing that was semi ok was the Mac and cheese "Friday = Great Fish Fry.  All you can eat ocean perch.  Big bowls of slaw  so don't despair if you have to park on the street.  If you and your friends all order the all you can eat perch it's served family style--huge plate of fries and fish.  nom."  I order the ocean perch which comes family style with crinkle-cut fries!    This place is so good I make the destination of my twice-yearly meat craving!  (That's right - I consider fish meat.)  Don't sweat the wait you are likely to encounter (even if you and Gram get there at 4:30).  The bartenders make a delightful spicy Bloody Mary Value: 5 - $9.95 for an all-you-can-eat fish fry at this level is outstanding"  I loved the Esquire Club for how old-fashioned its style and clientele were.  This is the closest I've had to a Wisconsin supper club  excellent deep frying skills but might need a refresher course in seasoning. Great atmosphere; easy to see why they have such a strong following." "I went there a few months ago for Fish Fry after reading a rating that this place was a great place for Fish Fry's. I've had dinner here before and it was very good They have the best fish fry in town and a variety of other items for those oddballs that don't like a good fish fry.  Highly recommended."  having a drink or wine and some food and swapping ""war stories"" and photos from our day on the square protesting against the nit wit that was elected governor.  Tea Party my rear end."  went here for breakfast and was in shock and awe at how bad our server was.  It took well over 45 minutes for us to get our food and there was only 1 other table in the restaurant.  I got our own coffee  this is the place.  The upper crust in Maple Bluff love this place.  The only thing I can chalk it up to is they can get wasted and not drive that far to get home.  Wood paneling decor round out this gem."  it would be worth it... I was utterly wrong. I got the cod and the rest of my family got the all you can eat perch. I thought my cod was adequate but rather tasteless and in need at salt. When I tried my brother's perch  they served their regulars at the bar and totally ignored me repeatedly until I finally asked a waitress how to get a drink at the bar.)  The fish fry has been out of rye bread the last two times Fish fry was over cooked and greasy. People seem to like it here so maybe I just had it on a bad day. Can't wait to go back!"  I am also grossed out by tartar sauce that has been sitting out for who-knows-how-long. And the fish fry? I really don't see any greatness there.  Cave-ish interior  order the ocean perch. If you're trying to eat a light fish fry the lake perch is spectacular. Beer prices are good and it's got a great homey atmosphere"  if you're looking to judge just the burgers and steaks they were great. Solid atmosphere with three big screens around a bar Not a fan.  We had a breakfast buffet for a meeting there and the food was... not much of a buffet.  Potatoes were cold and greasy and the rest of the food was just not very good.  Have not had lunch or dinner here. My wife and ate there tonight. Food so so. Service not good. Efficent but not friendly. I had the feeling she wanted to be somewhere else We had the family style fish fry...very tasty! The food came out quick and the staff was very friendly. Even if we were the only ones there who didn't get a senior discount... Lol also we were sweating by the time we left ... A/C pleaseeeee!? Hate: Pop music was blaring over the speakers. WHYYYY? Do you not know your target audience???"  but it's not like I'll be jumping to head back." "A group of 5 went last night and had a great meal. The service was excellent both at the bar and dining room. Our waitress helped steer the table away from a few dishes to make sure we hit the highlights. The food is not molecular science but it is good mid west meal. It brought me back to my childhood with the 4 courses; salad bar ignored us until my husband hollered at them. Keep in mind they were not busy like o remember them being busy -too bad" Maybe it was our bad luck but we are not planning on a revisit Lunch or dinner you can't go wrong with the Esquire.  I have been going here for years and keep coming back.  The food is consistently good.  Love their steaks.  Really like their fish fry. The place has been owned by the Kavanaugh family since the 1940's.  John III (dad) and his family (John IV and Jackie) make you feel like you are part of their family.  Nice people.  Highly recommend.  A++.  and fries were ok. Soupy-like coleslaw. Definitely your old style supper club type atmosphere and food. It made my parents happy 68JsiWNLKs8NDCrBCxIWMA  our sweet waitress delivered excellent service. It's unlikely that we'll eat here again since there're better options for fish fry close by." All-in-all I am torn with Kavanaugh's.  It is a step above the ""Meh"" experience  the salad bar is good."  esp. around athletic event times.  The place is full of Illini regalia and probably hasn't been updated decor-wise since the 70's.  Sadly I also have a glass of wine with my dinner that is very delicious."  so they must be doing something right for others."  cheese and ALL of the fixings) and a pretty dingy interior all leave you pretty underwhelmed with this place.  Unless you want a 32 ounce ribeye.  Then they've got you covered!"  I would recommend others to do the same." "Great on all counts except the decor could really use updating.  Tradition or not Fair is stretching it.  The ribeye was a low grade supermarket cut.  Not on my list to revisit in the future!  they only offer Ribeye steaks. No deceiving there. Hence their name  and the decor is absolutely outdated.  A lot of the popularity of this place is rooted in nostalgia The price isn't terrible. Two people with soft drinks and before tip comes out to $42. The Ribeye isn't world-class  in my review. I hope this will give you some idea of what to expect if you visit Ribeye." Best salad bar in town!! Good service!! The price is increased but the steak size is reduced. Disappointed. SoyigEmlt4JYwnOqR_cqUw  and the twice baked potato is the best I've ever had.  The staff is professional and very knowledgeable and helpful.  Would highly recommed the Ribeye for a classy The salad bar is definitely one of the best and can just eat that and be completely satisfied. The ribeye steak is what you come here for and is worth it. Ive tried ribeye at other places and arnt that good. The ribeye knows how to cook it and serves on a sizzling plate. My steak has been good every time ive went. The restaurant looks like something from the 70s... very odd  shrimp and chicken entrees.  All were very good.  The service was very good." My fiancee and her family have been going to this place for years.  It's pretty simple all around -- they have a simple menu and a rockstar salad bar (whatever that means...their salad bar is A+).  The service is always excellent and the food is consistently great. The salad bar was excellent. They had a delicious assortment of salads and pasta and even some fruit. I had the chicken and shrimp meal and it was also delicious. My sister has a gluten intolerance and was able to order the chicken without the marinade. This is definitely a special occasion restaurant due to it's steep prices though. The food was Amazing 16oz Steak and fries steak was so big and juicy I couldn't finish it so I brought the leftover home for my Dog Roxy. I'm sure she will love it as well as I Did This restaurant is a great local spot with very good food.  The portions are plentiful and the salad bar had so much to choose from other than salad toppings.  Ill definitely go again.  and not a high quality meat.  Would compare this is The Sizzler.  Overpriced for the quality.  Would go back only for the salad bar.  For a good steak...go to Long Horn Steak House  find somewhere else there are plenty of places to eat in Champaign/Urbana." Our waiter did a great job and I kinda like the nostalgic feel of the decor even though I'm not really an Illini fan.  Don't plan to visit again unless someone else is buying."  very good. The quality of the food and service is consistent. Go in with an open-mind. The Ribeye hasn't changed a bit in decades Excellent local landmark restaurant. Love the salad bar! A modest but flavorful wine selection is available. I got the 10oz ribeye and it was a perfect medium rare. Service was good no real complaints there. If I had to say something negative it would be that there are way too many old people here!  and they have a lot of Fighting Illini memorabilia.  I think some of the reviewers who were disappointed with this place may have been expecting something along the lines of Morton's or Gibson's in Chicago - the Ribeye is not that." SoyigEmlt4JYwnOqR_cqUw  the salad bar is the best thing. This is a steak house for the older clients. Always the same  the salad bar was very good with a large selection.  Service was good and its walking distance from the hotel." The menu is very simple. The ribeye is very thin and comes out on a hot skillet. The twice baked potato was very good. The steak was good as well. "The Ribeye serves... you guessed it ribeye steak. And they do a pretty good job. The ribeye is on the thin side but cooked right with minimal seasonings. I grabbed the twice baked potato for my side and although it looked like it was sitting around for a while it was good. Salad bar was all you can eat with a decent selection of toppings. If you rolled in looking for other options on the menu  or be very clear with the waitress as to what medium or medium rare means to you (and be prepared to send it back). Oh  medium rare.  The salad bar was good too.  Not as great as the one at the Mascoutah Moose's once a month Steak Saturday When in Champaign Illinois give it a try. Plenty on illini photos all around." The only nice thing I can say about the place is that my parents like it." Not my cup of tea but older people like it. Admittedly been years since ate there but not much seasoning on steak. Salad bar was good.  hands down. I have ate here probably 30 times and never had a bad experience. The salad bar here is beyond amazing. Food and serve is also excellent. PS ~ Brian is the best waiter. He always remembers us and is super personable."  and dinner for all of us was  over $80! Our chicken skillets were $16.99 each - much more expensive than it used to be  the beer selection is very limited if your not a 'light' fan.  Service has always been good  but I love the twice baked potatoes and the salad bar is legit. It's not terribly budget-friendly Cons:  Bland over priced food Nothing particularly outstanding about this establishment. Came here because it was close to my hotel. Steak was below average and service was lacking. I would not return. "Alexander's Steakhouse is by far the most interesting eating you can get by the mall area. In the middle of the restaurant is a large charcoal grill surrounded by seasonings and buckets of what claims to be butter. Basically your pick out a steak and cook it yourself alongside potatoes and good old texas toast  your A's on your midterm with a nice big juicy rib eye (if you know how to grill) :)"  the experience that they create at this restaurant is wonderful. Albeit the salad bar is nothing special and the menu is somewhat limited It was way loud in there and I definitely didn't like how the smell of just... meat was oozing from my pores for the rest of the night "Tasty beef you cook yourself at a large open vented indoor grill. Chef will grill your steak for your for an additional charge of $2.79. Salad bar respectably populated with the usual fare  I did not have the student price - so may be 3 stars if you can get it for $10." This is the place to go for your steak fix on a student budget." If you want to go to a steakhouse  and could use a little updating It is a cool place don't get me wrong.. and the food is good.. just can't justify the cost."  and most of the people in the restaurant were just there for drinks.   I can't get into the ""cook my own steak"" deal either.  Hell  little dirty and fun. Great place for a guys night out.  I would call it a man cave.  My wife would NOT like it!  But I did."  and a salad bar.  So you will have plenty of food.  Never had a problem with parking.  Service has always been pretty good.  Good for groups.  They have some kind of eating contest: I think if you eat their big steak you get it for free and your pic goes up on the wall."  but if that's what I wanted to do I would buy my own steak (for much less) and cook it myself at home. Pay the extra $3 for a chef to make it for you so you can relax and enjoy your meal. The service is always very friendly and they make themselves available. By far my favorite steakhouse in the Champaign-Urbana area and recommend it to all."  love the socializing at the grill." Alexander's is a good place to go if you're looking for more of an experience than just eating dinner. They have 2 large grills where you cook your own steak after selecting it from the fridge. You can also grill up as much garlic butter toast as you want while standing at the grill. Not a good place to go if you just want to sit and be served. The salad bar is good but not great.  this place is good. There are so many varieties of meat to choose from. I especially like the cook your own steak. The only parts I don't like is the decorations  Alexander's is a good break from the national chain steak restaurants. You'll pay a little more than you want for some decent steak. Oh and as a warning "This has got to be one of The most overrated eateries in the area. Cheap meat  just some cook who has no idea what he's doing. I ordered my steak medium rare and got it well done. The steak itself was nothing special and for a fillet it was pretty fatty. I will never be coming back and will recommend friends to never go there." I dont want to go out to eat and be forced to pay more for them to cook my food. Dumb idea. Maybe if no upcharge kind of cool but come on. Three times i have eaten here never been dying to go back. Decent decor and texas toast is good. Take a grillmaster with you. Its sad there aren't many places like this anymore. Its great that there is Alexander's."  this is the spot for you! They charge you extra for their chef to cook it. Very much a steak and potato place. We had a mixture of filets Went here for dinner.  The place is outdated and dirty.  The waiter was not attentive and we had to ask several times for items from another waitress.  We even had to ask for our check!   The food was awful.   The steaks had no flavor and were chewy.  We had ours cooked.   Called to complain about the service because it was our anniversary and the manager could have cared less.  I would not recommend.  I can make a better steak at home for half the price.   Waste of time.  threw 4 menus on the table with 3 seats and said ""Have a nice meal.""  We didn't stay." It was an ok experience. The food was good and having to cook it yourself was fun for a family. Was it the best food I have ever had? no. The building is quite old and it seemed very dark in there. The floor was sticky and the table also was sticky. I guess I am not in a huge hurry to go back. Hard to get over such a bland steak (both the filet which my wife ordered AND the top sirloin I ordered) and dirty restaurant.  Probably wouldn't go back."  each came so far apart that we finished with one before the next arrived. I sat with an empty glass of tea for nearly 15 minutes at one point. the kalamari was rubbery  that's the whole point! If you don't want to do that then there are plenty of other steak restaurants in town to go to. These complaints would be akin to going to a hibachi style steakhouse where they cook at the table and then complain that they are cooking too close to your table! Alexander's is a good restaurant with high-quality food and a fun concept  this is a must.  This is on my top 10 for casual dining." Little more pricey then I thought at first. But would come back."  we paid the $2 to have our steaks cooked and they were not cooked the way we requested them. Additionally And absolutely I won't come back to this place again."  and you can cook the steak by yourself! Juicy RUBEYE!!!" "Just driving through the area and had to stop for the night. I checked into a nearby motel and then decided to grab a bite here at Alexander's. The decor made me think it would be much more affordable than it was. I mean Anyways... its meat you want... that's what you'll get here!" Nice atmosphere. I thought the steaks are overpriced. I enjoyed cooking my own steak. You have to pay $2.00 for them to cook your steak. Good food took a long time to get it but it was a full bus of men all had stake and most cooked there own . I didn't want to over cook mine so I paid the 2 bucks to have the pros do it . Aged beef great sales bar . A little $$$ but it was frantic cut of meet .. Get a long island ice tea.  They are amazing.  Enjoy a great beverage while you cook your own steak just how you like it!  which is half the fun. Friendly servers and easy access off the interstate. We found this place via YELP and were very pleased. Highly recommend."  don't think I will be back" "This is a really nice experience. You get to cook your own food. Though it might not sound appealing to a lot of people  then this would be a good place to go every once in a while...as I usually spend anywhere from $70 to $100 here every time I go. But well worth it!!!!!!!!" "I would have given this place a 5 but took off for the ceiling dripping water in the womens restroom.  My mom and grandmother both about fell while in there.  The general manager was in there sitting at the bar and was told of the problem and he never even got up to do a thing.  Eventually a cone was put up in there i think by a waitress who said this happens a lot.  This place needs some money put into it but the owners refuse i guess.  Its not like they dont make money with what they charge.  The steaks we grilled ourselves which i enjoy and i usually eat too much texas toast while standing at the grill.  Everything about the meal was delicious from the tender steaks You can put money on the fact that we will not be eating again at Alexander's for a very VERY long time. I was extremely unhappy  you can cook your own on a huge grill with a drink in your hand it's like grilling outside minus the snow  I had not been here for several years.  I won't be going back anytime soon.  Way too expensive for what you get.  My meal was $27 for a fillet they cook.  The meat was fine the salad bar was empty there had been 3 buses.  The place was filthy.  The staff was beyond keeping up.  $8 for half a glass of wine.  My bread was burnt my broccoli was cold and like eating a bush.  It took an hour to get our meal.  The waitress was absent.  The popcorn was burnt...YIKES!!! Texaz Grill was recomended to me by a friend and I was not dissappointed!  The atmosphere is that of the late 70's and it looks like nothing has been done to it since.  You get the feeling that you're eating in a roadhouse bar.  The steaks are cooked to order and you won't pay more than $20 for one either.  The portions are so generous I wasn't able to finish my meal.  but the combination Texas/Arizona (hence the name) cuisine is pretty good fare..."  we could not finish it.  It made for a tasty lunch the day after." HOLY CRAP!  Texaz is the meat-lovers paradise. DO IT! Otherwise one of my favorite watering holes for sure.  Nice people too." "mmmmm ... steak.  Not just steak ... reasonably priced steak  they serve the beer in little itty bitty glasses which somehow makes me drink more....maybe thats why I always leave there happy. Prices are very reasonable and service is perfect. They are there to feed you and let you get on with your night!" "My aunt and uncle live not too far away from this cozy little corner establishment.  The food is classic down home country texas cooking.  I took a friend from San Angelo here and he was so giddy with all the fixings he ordered about 1/2 the menu (6'4 265 lb linebacker).  My favorite is Cx fried anything but have to go with Cx fried steak just to give the arteries a little bit of coating.  The steak was perfectly cooked and perfectly salted...2 points that distinguish good from great cx fried steaks.  The chili is classic and for some reason love it.  The atmosphere is southern hospitality  you arch your  head back with an eye rolling groan...that's how I saw the posters on the ceiling. But all the kitchy crap everywhere works for Texaz Grill. The menu has all kinds of steaks and wonderful sides. The only thing missing is a defibrillator."  those are generally good deals and come at lunch. The mashed potato was still stellar but the gravy was too thick to move. My Prime Rib was +30% fat and that left me with a much smaller portion than I expected. My partners steak DID need the steak sauces  and they only have a couple of tables for larger parties. Not sure if they take reservations. The feel in here is great. Extremely laid back. The perfect place to go if you're looking to get some greasy  the house salad with green olives is very tasty and the smoked prime rib is out of this world and   The prices are very reasonable. This is worth the drive!!!"  and the service is great.  The walls are covered with everything even remotely related to Texas Huge portions (always a plus) and pretty good food.  Definitely worth the trip considering the lack of 3+ star restaurants in the Valley.  but I wasn't overly disappointed. Texaz Grill is a dive that happens to serve pretty good food! It's nothing fancy  and the mashed potatoes are excellent.  The salad is simple yet delicious.  The thing with Texaz grill is that I believe you can only go there and order 2 things off of their menu.  They are famous for the chicken fried chicken and the chicken fried steak PS. I ripped a flap of skin from my mouth eating a fried chunk of potato thing and it hurts likes a SOB. So cut your food and don't shove hunks of crispy fried things in your face." The Jack Daniels bread pudding is plate lickin' good!!" Service is good.  They don't mess around here...good food You can't beat the Tuesday Rib Special.  I highly recommend it. I can not think of anything that was bad about the evening. Even the NA beer I had ""O'dules amber"" quite good actually. Once I can afford to go back I am and I'm bringing friends next time."  and 23 years later the prices aren't that much higher either. If I'm ever convicted of murder and sentenced to death my final meal has to be the Mulligan prime rib medium rare with mashed potatoes and that to-die-for cream gravy. I take friends here and buy them dinner just to see that look on their face when they see their plate for the first time. I've had everything on the menu except the catfish and all of it is great! I'd write more but I'm hungry now. See you there..." I do have to commend them in making Shiner Bock their house beer.  Luckily it wasn't the Lone Star.  The Shiner Bock Black was pretty good." Um......I've been coming here since i was a child. I still love coming to this amazing establishment.  If its not business cards or trucker hats hanging from the ceiling that get your attention. Then its the amazing Chicken Fried Steak you can get there!!!!! If you have friends from Texas visiting Az. Definetly take them there......They will love it!!! hahha... I was in town for one night and stumbled upon The Texaz Grill online.  The planets must have been aligned just right because I had a great meal.  I ordered the Rib eye with mashed potatoes and a salad.  Everything was very tasty and filling.  I highly recommend this place.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  and was shocked that they didn't even have a hamburger on it. I'd say don't go here unless you're supa dupa hungry because you're going to have to order a steak of some sort or fish or maybe pork chops (I don't remember). I wasn't starving  they do have a lovely pecan pie served a la mode if you like  but the atmosphere here rocks (you find something new on the wall every time) and our server had an awesome attitude and handled our 7 person party professionally. I may or may not be back."  prices have been raised - plan on $20+ per person if you want a meal and a beer After several decades of street widening on Bethany Home and 16th st the parking lot is not big vehicle friendly.  The bartender said after the bank closes to the North most folks with trucks park there  try another restaurant. If you are from Texas or just like bland We  had read some very positive reviews about this place in Yahoo Travel.  What a great place to visit!  The chicken fried steak was huge and delicious! Outrageous portions!  A perfect place to hit after a day of Spring Training baseball. This is the ONLY place to get Chicken Fried Steak! The portions are HUGE so bring your appetite. The pulled pork is good too! Just took some visiting friends this last week and it was delicious as always. They loved it. These guys are very consistent and the service is excellent! The have a cool little bar too. Not really for families... this is for the grown-ups! About an hour after dinner my girlfriend and I both felt a little sick from dinner. We didn't get sick I went here tonight after hearing good things about the place. I was very disappointed. The food servings were large but the food itself was not very good. The Chicken Fried Steak had no real taste at all. It was just bland. The pork chops were good but not great. Salad just a salad and the bread was cold. I do not think I will be going back after spending $46 dollars for so-so food. Very disappointing.  and Barrio or Richardsons for nuevo mexican - but for a fun evening with friends plus good comfort food I was pleasantly surprised the first time I ordered this dish a few years back - didn't have a lot of hope that the gravy would be ""right"" - boy was I wrong!  I have not stopped going back!! A girlfriend and I go for lunch and we can split the portion - it is huge!  The dinner portion is off the charts!  Everything is right about this dish - the steak is so tender and the crust so crispy - and the gravy - well Oh yeah...if you go at lunchtime the chicken fried steak special is only $7." The bottom line for me is Texaz grill is my destination of choice for chicken fried steak and ribs. If I am in the mood for a New York Strip or something along those lines If you are looking for an upscale steak/bbq joint then this is NOT the place for you.  If you are looking for place with some good meat with good prices and excellent service  that was a lot of food."" Hardly ringing praise for a $50+ dinner bill. I don't think we'll be back...the lure of the 1970s concert posters and deer skulls isn't enough to justify a second visit."  I need to get here more often!" The Chicken Fried Steak and Chicken were both $7.00 and the Iced Tea was $2.00.  I feel it's a pretty fair deal for lunch.  The Texas and Arizona memorabilia that adorn the walls and ceiling are fitting for this place.  I remember when you could smoke in restaurants and it was very smokey too.  I'm so glad the smoking ban passed.  I've heard the place can get busy for lunch  I enjoy the chicken fried steak at the JB's on 19th Ave. and Missouri more than the one here. I won't be returning." This place is consistently good. I don't think I have ever had a bad meal here. The chicken fried everything is pretty tasty along with the club that has brisket on it. I try to go here at least a few times a month for lunch.  that's what I ordered. To say the portion is ginormous is an understatement. You get two of them that the size as big as your head. The breading's texture is great with a nice crunch. The steak is very tender and not dry. My only complaint would be that the food is BLAND! The breading definitely could've used some flavor or spice and so did the gravy. Odd that the steak is such huge portion but the gravy is very much skimped on. I liked it Bring your appreciation for Conway Twitty and a hearty appetite.  Yee-haw!"  there was just something missing.  It was just okay.  Service was quick and efficient.  We had our meal in under 30 minutes Like some of the other reviews say the portions are ""Texas size""  and they ain't lying.  Over all the meal was good - 2 huge slabs of chicken fried steak  if you like chicken fried steak and you haven't been here you don't really like chicken fried steak.  I've eaten chicken fried steak pretty much everywhere in the world that its available and it just doesn't get much better than this.  Go with the fried potatoes instead of the mashed.  Not that the mashed are bad The Chef salad with chicken looked killer." The inside of the place looks like a dumpster monster from Texas puked all over it. Crap everywhere and not very clean. Yea it is cheap The BEST steakhouse in all of Phoenix. Their filet is fantabulous!! Our family's been going here for years. We've never had any regrets or any complaints. Most of us get the filet or the chicken fried steak with extra gravy. mmmmmmm! If I worked closer to this place I would go for lunch from time to time. As it is now this is worth a big SKIP...." I love that they have Shiner Bock here. That is up on my list of favorite beers!"  We had a party of seven and the wait was not bad. We had plenty of food / bread / salad before our meal. The chicken friend steak was some of the best I've ever had  loosen your belt (did I mention that most meals portions are quite large) and enjoy your visit to your friend's because that's what it will feel like."  it comes warm so for an extra buck I went A La Mode and had a hefty scoop of Blue Bell Homemade Vanilla Ice Cream. It's a real tasty cobbler and a good size one as well. Tammy the bartender was friendly and quick to serve as well as chat with ya. All the staff seemed pretty easy going and TEXAZ friendly. The menu has a tasty looking line up for both lunch and dinner. Lunch (mostly $7) is substantially less than dinner ($12 - $20) in prices. But one time or another I'll be back to try that awesome looking chicken fried steak or some fried fish or some BBQ spareribs. The place seems mighty fine for down home Texan cookin and it hasn't got a Good Ole Boys feel to it at all  and never been disappointed.  Service is always good and freindly.  Best Chicken Fried Steak in the state."  this is a down home place where you can relax and enjoy the comfortable atmosphere as well as great food.  If you want crystal glasses and overly dressed waiters  but you never feel like you wait for too long.  I'll return regularly."  I left feeling ripped off and revolted that I even ate that junk (now don't get me wrong THey have the best chicken fried steak that I have ever had!!! There daily specials are amazing as well!!  go to Scottsdale. Otherwise if you want downhome and good swing by Texaz. The Freidy's Filet is awesome!"  you need to check it out. There is so much stuff on the walls that you always have something to look at. Great place for families and they can accommodate large parties (maybe not 25 i think maybe they served us crappy food because we looked like tourists" The shrimp was fresh and huge.  The steak was delicious and I love their mashed potatoes and country gravy.  The portions are gigantic and very affordable.  I will have to visit at least once a year. I think that is all my poor heart and arteries can handle." Let me mention that their margaritas are really good.  Not too strong but not too sweet.  The waitress was excellent."  but I think my next visit will be for lunch. Some of their sandwiches look fantastic  but there was room for improvement." I went on a Saturday night and there was a little bit of a wait. But our server was plenty kind.  She completely forgot our order of fried okra Go grab a McRib or two before you throw away any money at this place...or be ready to pop some serious laxatives. Outside of some rough drinking nights  and this is supposed to be a homeage to Texas BBQ and food. I would never go there again even if I was starving and paid to eat there. For real bbq visit Bobby Qs on 27th ave and northern  it required generous amounts of tabasco to make it edible.  What a let down.  The buttermilk biscuit was good...and that was all I'd describe as above average." "The Chicken Fried Steak is to die for - best ever.  And  and the seats could be more comfortable. But basically Prices for lunch are around $7.00 and dinner around $12.00 - really hard to beat for real down home cooking!"  there are half a dozen better restaurants within a hundred yards of this place - seven if you count Taco Bell."  even before it was Texaz when it used to be known as Lonestar.  They have been in the valley for YEARS and I can understand why.  Their food is simple and DELICIOUS.  Their chicken fried steak is huge and I cannot even begin to describe the flavor.  Their steaks are always perfectly cooked perfection and I always leave feeling full and satisfied.  If you're looking for a casual night out with delicious steak and potatoes I would recommend this place.  It's also fun to see what they've got on their walls as the place is packed with fun trinkets."  it ws pretty bland. The steak part tasted more like liver and the breading was a bit doughy. I wasn't blown away by my meal but it doesn't matter  we had a chance and took the family. This place is at the corner of 16th St and Bethany Home and the parking lot can be slightly awkward. I think we went on a Thurs night and they had dinner chicken and dumplings ($10) for one of the daily specials. I REALLY wanted chicken fried steak ($12.50) but what in the hell was I going to do with all the steak I heard they give you? Um  I really liked their gravy." "Oh how I love this place. The food is fantastic and you diffently get plenty of it! This is the only place to go in Arizona for chicken fried steak. My girlfriend had the rib-eye lastnight and it was pretty good  there is no way I could finish it myself.  This place is great in the summer because it's completely blacked out  the chicken-fried steak is quite possibly the best around." "Parking here can be a pain but once you get inside you can have the best Chicken Fried Steak you will ever have. I have driven by this place for years and everyone I have talk to said its great. Not sure why it took me so long to eat here but I will go here every time I'm in the mood for chicken fried steak. The place has a small menu other then that its your average bar. Dart boards Parking is kind of a bitch though." Ladies and gentlemen let's get our feed bags on the portions are huge here. When you enter the restaurant there is a lot to take in lots of things all over to look at but pretty cool. I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak two fork tender pieces of beef lightly battered fried and topped with  homemade gravy. All entrees served with salad or Cole Slaw homemade mashed potatoes and gravy or texaz fries bread and butter. I would say this meal could feed someone for a week it's a lot of food but really good so if you want a great Chicken Fried Steak it's a must try.  and the service is always great and with a smile."  daughter and I can all share one order of the chicken fried steak and still have leftovers.  Makes for a cheap dinner out.  The staff is wonderful and very good to our 3 year old.  They also have Shiner Bock Amber.  It doesn't get better than that." As all the other reviews say ""get the chicken fried steak!""" I advise they add salt & pepper at the least." A local friend brought me here from out of town. Glad he did. Food was fantastic.  I'm sorry."" Really? Just sorry? No compensation? I sat here soaking with wet underwear until I dried and you're sorry? LOL. A GOOD manager would've immediately offered something - anything! On top of that  and you pretty much have to stand on the toilet to get the stall door closed."  but otherwise no questions or concerns - she didn't even seem to notice that we ate almost nothing off of our plates. Didn't feel like bringing it up at the time Not many menu choices but we both ordered the chicken fried steak & could have shared one plate. We both had half our plates left over. That would have been nice to know ahead of time. The bread they serve before dinner is ok; it kept the kids occupied until the food came. The food we ordered was ok but I don't think we will be back. Slow waiter service as well. This isn't gourmet--a spear of asparagus would not dare show its face at Tex Az--but it is traditional type hearty Old West fare and the flavor is simple This place is yummy!  The chicken fried steak is the best and the salads and rolls they serve before the meal are also good. Lunch was less than $10 with H2O." BEST PRIME RIB..  but the side dishes lack.  You wont leave hungry however.  The biscuits with honey are the bomb!!!    Other great items are the Ribeye steak and of course the chicken fried steak....... 18TUn9oiW0k0yB6lheiOvw I'd probably come back and try it again now knowing that the meat isn't seasoned but I wouldn't go out of my way for it."  the portions are enormous.  The mashed potatoes and gravy are amazing  I decided to douse it in Cholula Sauce to give it a nice little kick. The mashed potatoes were definitely made Southern Style by mixing in the skins. By the time my tummy was ready to explode  waddle home...it is worth it and it is great comfort food!" 18TUn9oiW0k0yB6lheiOvw Yep -- still my favorite hole-in-the-wall eatery awesomeness. The brisket sandwich with cheddar and slaw and dippin' sauce was to die for. I ate at the bar and just enjoyed my visit.  Can't wait til I can walk here! Nothing is worse than making a decision to go completely unhealthy with your meal selection and it tastes like shit. Stuff that is bad for you should at least taste good. I feel like I was robbed!!" Great good great service. We took are 3 young children there tonight. The customer service was top notch.Waitress help led my children there steak while by wife was busy with our 1 old. Manager came over a few times to entertain them. It just made eating out with the kids more enjoyable I am always searching for good chicken fried steak. This is the best I have ever had! It's so big it might give you a heart attack. Make room for the peach cobbler! It's soooooo good! I can't wait to go back. Guess Mama didn't make that much Chicken Fried Steak growing up." "I've been going to TexAZ Grill for the best part of 20 years. I really used to enjoy it - had not been there for many years and just went back last week. Most everyone at the table wasn't that happy with the food - the ribs that someone had were particularly lackluster. I ordered one of the early bird specials  and the staff is polite and professional. I live on the east valley and I am always finding excuses to drive out to Phoenix to eat here." A trip to Texaz for brunch is something you'll be thankful for." limp chicken fried steak....YUCK...what a load of crap this thing was. The rest of the place was a  dump..the bathroom had to be shared with employee changing his clothes...small is the word...I would bet you if Gordon Ramsey or the health dept inspected this dump the kitchen would be closed first thing....save your money and time The catfish rocked my world. The food here is just good not great.  Pricing is great for the large portions of food.  Overall a good experience. this place was awful service was bad and steaks were tough and tatseless and the waitress sharon did not even offer us dessert  if not better than I remembered.  I was too long in Las Vegas.  Price Check it out if your in the mood for some home cookin  great service - HIGHLY recommend if you're in the mood for a lil southern cookin!"  only just moving to Arizona two months ago) and the wait for a table was non-existent.  Our service was very good and attentive.  Three of us ordered the chicken fried steak and two of us ordered the BBQ brisket sandwich.  Every single one of us was extremely pleased with our food and SO MUCH FOOD.  I would definitely recommend this place for some good Texan food!  Prices were unbelievably reasonable as well." Oh - and the bread pudding with whiskey sauce is kinda amazing!!" "Great.  Delicious chicken fried everything.  Great service.  Lunch time is the best deal here  but we never felt neglected. I just noticed how busy she was.  So the fact that she was slammed and her service never suffered was huge to me.  The manager or maybe the owner was coming around to all the tables and asking everyone how the food was and chatting with the regulars. I love that type of service. We raved about the food and told him it was our first time in and he gave me and my mother a card for a free dessert on our next visit!!  So what else can I do BUT give this place 5 stars.  Wonderful home cooking and great service."  I know you're a Central Phoenix institution "For comfort food there is no better in the valley.  They have shiner bock too. You get a HUGE portion and very reasonably priced  I argue that you only live once and you should try one of the finest Chicken Fried Steaks around. The only bad thing I will say though is that their gravy is a little bland just by itself. I like mah gravy to taste like it could be an entree of it's own like it should  the werver is simply great!" "Best chicken fried steak bar none in Phoenix.  I come here only for that but the fresh lemonade rocks here too.  The atmosphere is VERY casual and VERY country.  I cant stand country music but its worth it for this place.  It is also a pretty inexpensive place for a good steak if you are looking.  Service is always good  and the apitizer bread they serve is cold. They used to have the best CFS around 18TUn9oiW0k0yB6lheiOvw  the chops were perfect . Nice crust and very moist. It came with cream gravy and mash potato. Oh yeah it came with two chops . Service was friendly and efficient." "Food is pure fat and yumminess. One plate is enough to feed three people. We had more leftovers than we knew what to do with. Definitely need to fast for a week before coming here If you live in Phoenix or are just passing through stop in at The Texaz Grill! You won't regret it!"  but  I feel the need to put in a good word for their catfish. It's great - perfectly battered  tender steak.   So someone knew what they were doing with cube steak!"  was the most fun of all - walls and ceilings plastered with old advertisements (haven't even thought of Nehi in years)  I'd probably be interested in going here again next time I'm in the mood for some fried food I like this place very unique decorum staff is really great checked on us throughout our meal. Had the catfish it was good I'd recommend this place  the chicken fried steak dinner will feed two very easily... Everything is texas size !!!" I grew up in Texas and love coming here for the brisket and the chicken fried steak. The catfish is also worth getting. Very friendly service. The table is loaded with all sorts of hot sauces and condiments to add some kick to your meal. Parking is poor if not awful and the lighting inside is rather dim. Ask for a seat to the left when you walk in by the lamp and beer signs. Oh Yeah! My ice tea never went half empty unless I begged them to stop refilling."  but that's just a preference. Hubs chicken fried steak was amazing. We both tried our daughters mashed potatoes & wished we got those! The texaz fries were also great Looking forward to going back in the near future!"  a 22 oz monster that comes with a killer jus and horseradish.. mmmmmmmmmmmm.  The chicken fried steak is what they are famous for but try the fried chicken.  Super juicy.  Make sure you get there a little early as they tend to run out of the prime rib..." Really good prime rib!!!! Place has Texas ambiance in spades.  You leave the cavernous restaurant and you almost expect to step onto a dusty street in the panhandle.  The chicken fried steak is great and when you consider the $8 price tag it becomes downright splendid.  even going around to the ""children"" tables and challenging them to ""Texas Trivia"". I take my out of town friends there.  This is a best reason for overnight guests! The catfish is the best.... really... the best." Simply the best chicken fried steak I've ever had. Awesome for a good price. Nothing special about TexAZ Grill."  the portion sizes are great and the decor is awesome. We'll be coming here for many years guaranteed!" Don't expect some fancy schmancy steakhouse--but go hungry and you won't regret your decision to go there!"  never coming back here again." Overall a great small town style restaurant and bar if you are looking for a hearty meal that is made right."  because you will not find better prices than these for anywhere near the quality or quantity.  Go early if you want the prime rib; we got there before 5:30 on a Thursday and they were nearly out.  They have happy hour on weeknights with half-price drinks Awesome ham and very good chicken fried steak and chicken. The two stars are for the flavor and tenderness of the otherwise failure of a steak and the extreme value for your money on the alcohol.  THAT'S IT."  but the interior is definitely cozy and the staff is very friendly. It really makes the meal worth it on top of the kick*** CFS. You NEED to try this out!" "Good honest food.   I don't know what I could possibly say that hasn't been said already.   Go and see for yourself.   I'd get the prime rib any day of the week.   The chicken fried pork and chicken is great as well.   Real mashed potatoes and creamy chicken gravy are just perfect.   Try the bread pudding if you have any room left  you know what I mean).  It's dingy.  The food is ok---but the owner being a tool and not asking how everything was even once in 8 recent trips made me decide I will never come back ever. he is an idiot."  the parking situation here is less than ideal.   This restaurant has a friendly staff and atmosphere that is a refreshing change from the cookie cutter chain restaurants that seem to be everywhere Great chicken fried steak in phoenix but if it was in Texas it would be just good  I tried a bite and that's all I got as it quickly vanished from my compadres plate. Lunch service time was excellent and the food was great. And to top it off the prices were very good for lunch specials." "This was a great restaurant.  The steaks are not what they once were.  Less tender.  The chicken fried steak is still great  I have a certain standard I hold my Texas food to. And TEXAZ always exceeds it. Best chicken fried steak with the best white gravy. Very Texas dive-y looking. Wait staff will always remember who you are. Quick and amazing. Love them!!" Love the chicken fried steak.  and the people were cool. but not enough to come back to." Brazos Burrito and Shiner Bock!  It doesn't get much better than this in Phoenix if you're from Texas.  Chicken fried steak is amazing and the customer service rocks! I had high expectations about this place and unfortunately it just did not live up to it. I just found everything to be very bland. Maybe I've been watching too much Chopped but I just expected the food to be better seasoned. Both my wife and I were using a lot of salt to add some flavor to the meals. Not sure I would go again unless someone tells me the food has improved." I have been here 2 times in the last two months with my family for lunch. The atmosphere in the restaurant is awesome. I love the decor and overall feel of the business. Parking is an issue with larger vehicles but I will do what I have to do so I can get the famous chicken fried steak. As good as advertised. In my two trips to this location I have had to leave food on my plate  because I was stuffed ( this is rare). This is becoming one of my favorite stops. Soo good! The atmosphere and the service was great. The chicken fried steak is amazing!  Puts me to sleep every time. A must try.  they don't care. Comfortable and better than home. Good for the whole family or yourself looking for a meal." We had plenty of leftovers and couldn't try any dessert (unfortunately) because we were so full. I really want to go back and try the other menu items  I know everyone said this was known for the steak but I figured they would both be great.  I was correct! Our server & all other staff we came in contact with was super sweet. Our food came out piping hot exactly how we ordered it. Huge pieces of chicken Disappointment and empty stomachs filled my household for the rest of the evening. At least something was full." "YUM!  A definite thumbs up and will be back !  :) Very friendly and attentive staff! We will definitely be back. Chicken fried steak huge cook well  I'd imagine. The catfish is just about the best I've ever had. Never disappointed in the service or the food. Highly recommend." Will be my go to spot for years to come .." "Had one chicken fried steak in my life before this place. Was in Phoenix for two days and came here twice in that time. Amazing Chicken Fried Steak. Delicious Chili. Perfect peach cobbler. If I'm ever within 100 miles of this place  except a Thank You TEXAZ!"  which was small and grey. There was no sear on the steak at all. The filet piece of the steak was about the size of a JFK half dollar. Huge disappointment. My friend got the shrimp dish done on the grill instead of fried. One of the shrimps was raw and they were tiny. Huge rip off for $16. Two stars for friendly service What great food...had been wanting to visit this restaurant and I was not disappointed. Food was awesome and service was top notch. My daughter was given some candy and a toy to play with. Nice personal touch.  a biscuit topped wth fried chicken breast. Cheddar cheese and sausage gravy. Very good tasting and the service was supeb. The only flaw was the wilted salad which has the dressing mixed in which was the reason for only 4 stars. Next time i will order the dressing on the side."  the prices are still very reasonable and I am still super happy TEXAS is in my hood." Very good chicken fried steak. Okra. And mashed potatoes. Makes great leftovers if you can't finish! Have to upgrade to 5 stars because this place has never changed and is still the best!  great price!!! I love this place!! Hidden treasure!! The prime rib sandwich was the best I ever had!!! The biscuits and gravy was the best and greatest taste!! I love the fun "This food is amazing! It's heavy but so delicious! I love chicken fried anything from here. The brisket is also so good. The Gravy is awesome. Most white gravy doesn't have a super strong taste but its definitely not bland like others have said. The best part are the lunch prices! $8 for a huge piece of chicken fried steak I absolutely love this place. They have the best prime rib I've ever tasted and the prices are cheap for the portion size. The waitresses are very friendly and the whole atmosphere is family friendly and enjoyable. fFA7K5ZOoInYNo9mUoDCGw Editing to three stars.  GREAT customer service." Love the food. You must save your appetite though because the portions are huge! Chicken fried steak is the bomb! Especially with their jalapeo!  good service and good food ! Huge portions !! The chicken fried steak is bigger than the plate and then there was a hidden smaller one under it !!! We also had the Big nasty ..mmm mmm good ! Come hungry !! For a little while you feel like your back home in good o'l Texas ..."  that was delicious too. It was a bit noisy here not sure if it always is this way but the food was worth it. Our waitress Helen was the bomb! She has it going on  Steve has a great sense of humor. Get the chicken fried steak and you'll be in food-coma lol ... Try smaller portion try eggs bubba still super filling. Prices are just right too. LOVE IT!!!!!!" 18TUn9oiW0k0yB6lheiOvw  and (especially) CF Pork are amazing! The Prime Rib and Ribeye are also fantastic." We loved sitting at the bar for dinner! Great experience!" When we finished we sat a bit and talked. The hostess approached and brought a bag for the leftover boxes. It was clear she wanted us OUT. My friend asked for water and the hostess said hotly  my husband loves chicken fried steak and although money is a little tight we wanted to splurge a little for date night. It was busy but we got seated right away and knew within minutes what we wanted to order. We started off with a bowl of chili to share. The chili was very good Quality and consistency.  Start w/ quality ingredients and quality people; and keep it consistent."  we will definitely stop here. For the sake of our waistlines  cuit juste comme vous le demandez ! Le service est agrables et les pris sont tout  fait abordables  it's a pretty finely chopped brisket and I loved it! You also get a side of potatoes! My friend had the chicken fried steak but refused to share "This has been on my AZ bucket list for years and decided to drop by tonight for dinner with the family. From chatting it up with some of the regulars Great Sunday brunch with my lovely wife  and it wasn't bad! What they forgot to mention to us was that they all had the chicken fried steaks and LOVED them. Guess we'll have to get that next time. Very friendly staff." Have been coming here since 1995. The food is amazing!!! I have never had a bad experience.. LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PLACE! Best food ever! Get the chicken fried steak and the smoked prime rib! Peach cobbler is amazing too! The atmosphere and hospitality in here are great. Try the homemade titos vodka. "I have always driven past this place leaving from school and have always wanted to try it. Finally tonight I did and it was excellent. I went in and loved the atmosphere. Was greeted with a friendly smile by our waitress Nicole This is a really cool place but I really wish they had Lone Star. Love the Bock that's the only thing missing.  it was phenomenal! One of the best bbq sandwiches I've had ever. The prices are great I would recommend Texaz for lunch or dinner any day of the week.  It was a great experience and the food was outstanding!"  and good dessert. Enjoy and bring a wheel barrow to roll you out. It's that good." Excellent food and very friendly service. Had a prime rib sandwhich that was very tasty and was a large portion. Fun atmosphere as well. I'll be in again... Soon! Came here with a friend for a dinner meal. The service was fantastic and the portion sizes were large. Got the prime rib. Have had much better but it was not a bad meal at all. Delicious appetizers. Worth the price.  but his was good. The mashed potatoes and gravy are delicious and smothered in gravy...yum! We left room for pecan pie which was very good too. Left with lots to eat today for lunch. Our server Helena was great! Very warm and sweet...the place was very welcoming and homey. Will go back! Great comfort food!" "went today for national fried chicken day absolutely amazing.  the largest chicken wings ever Kathy and I shared as a appetizer we only ate two because we also had lunch. briskets sandwich great  PS Although we are seniors we would agree with the post below about the lack of seasoning. Some salt and a couple of squirts of Sriracha would work wonders."  but I'll admit I was hesitant to go in this restaurant because it doesn't look friendly from the outside. So I guess my vibe reader was wrong. Oh- and great lemonade!" "I was so excited to try this chicken fried steak - Not impressed at all - it was so soggy (like it had been pre-made and sitting out) it was beyond bland and I had to add so much salt/pepper to the gravy for any flavor.....I also sensed an ""off flavor""  food was plentiful and delicious." Side note the ice cold beer mugs make me feel like I have hands the size of Andre the Giant."  but wish Restaurant Impossible would come in and completely re-decorate the inside. It's dark  friendly staff.  Funky neighborhood bar with kickass chicken fried steak The portion size here is HUGE. Do not try to eat everything they serve you; your stomach will likely implode."  but that doesn't make a ""good"" chicken fried steak. If you are a quantity over quality person than yes... This is probably your place..." "We came here after seeing this resturant on check please.  They did not have the rice balls which you only get on Sunday my wife and I thought that this was an ok restaurant here everything looked really good on Check Please but after we got there most of the things were really without a lot of flavor. The chicken fried steak and chicken fried chicken was very crispy but they didn't have much flavor. Our dinner mates felt the same way about the chicken and sides. Lots of food  and stable (meaning that they've been there for years...). They all know me by name and are wonderful. Steve the owner always hangs out meeting his guests too. If looking for a very reasonably priced American (Texas/southern) Caf We will be back to try other menu items and next time go with a bigger appetite."  not pasty and paired with your choice of mashed potatoes or their own version of fries.  He loves the mashed potatoes.  I don't care for the fries. They're good tasting chunks of potato but don't resemble fries AT ALL.  Their burger is decent but the I don't like their club sandwiches.  They used good ingredients but instead of the traditional bread in layers its all just on a french roll bun.  Last time I got the Chicken Fried Chicken sandwich and enjoyed it.  Again the burger bun its on is sufficient but for a great piece of chicken like that better buns would help.  I loved the Bread Pudding in Whiskey Sauce for dessert.  We've always gotten the same waitress and have loved her.  She's pleasant Although I'm new to Yelp I'm a Veteran at TexAz grill.  When I'm craving a CFS this is the only place to go in the Valley.  Heck the last time I even had Chicken and Dumplings and it was great as well. "We had the rib eye and the chicken fried steak. Both entrees were delicious Seems like a good spot for regulars and tebar looked the bar looked relaxing." "Because of the owner's handsome apology and offer of a meal on him I am upgrading the rating to a four. Anyone can make a mistake   they keep it too cold and windy in there.   The ceiling fans are set for winter instead of summer and you have to dine with cold air blowing on you and your meal.  Not good trying to enjoy the food while being made uncomfortable."  their chicken fried chicken is great and don't even get me started on their mashed potatoes and gravy!! You can't go wrong with anything here and their service is FABULOUS!!" "In town on vacation liked the menu and good reviews. Small hometown place not big but homey. If I lived here I would e a regular. The waitress was one of my best ever. She always let you know what she was doing My co-worker took me to eat here let's just say I ordered the Chicken Fried Chicken and inhaled it....damn it was good!! Listen you're  are not coming here to order the salad and watch your calories so get over it and throw down on some good food! Plus it's easy on the pockets and you will for sure need a nap afterwards. Look forward to coming back to try more stuff off the menu!  great food.  There are some slight drawbacks.  The parking spots here during lunch and dinner time are a bit hard to find.  The lighting inside is too dark at times.  The staff and service are exceptional though."  but not the best in town. The real star of this place was the brisket. Ohhhh the brisket gods smile on this place for sure. Their brisket is super tender and the sauce they put on it was heavenly. I ate the brisket with a fork out of the bun because the bun just obscured the awesome brisket flavor This place is fantastic all the food is served bigger than the table and just because the portions are huge there is no lack of flavor this place is great I felt like I was actually in Texas ... You have to try it if you want to know what a real country fried steak is. "TexAz Grill is the number one restaurant in the entire world.  Just go there everyday and order everything.  Then get coffee and desert. I love the dinner salad   reasonable prices.. They have all the bases coveted and they been doing it a long  time.   It's difficult to please this critic but they did." "I love this place.  It's the best chicken fried steak EVER. Ask for Joey  but I have not tried weekend brunch yet. I've been here about 3 times." "I am from Tx. so whenever I start feeling homesick or start craving a chicken fried steak we head to Texaz. We live in Gilbert so it is quite a drive for us but so worth it. The chicken fried steak is one of the best I have ever had   I've been to Texaz one or two times a year and....still haven't tried anything except their chicken fried steak combo  and the sides were basic but good." Omg if you want chicken fried steak then look no further! This is the standard for what chicken fried steak is to be! Don't expect foo foo gluten free menu items this is a true OG Texas style roadhouse food! I've been eating here since I was a kid and remember when it was LoneStar before the lame chain made them change the name but it didn't change the food! I recommend the chicken fried steak and if they aren't sold out on prime rib its a winner! Also on Tuesdays I hear the beef ribs are to die for but in all the years I've been eating there they are always sold out! I'll keep yall posted on that! "Texaz Grill never disappoints.  It's my boyfriends favorite and we went there for his birthday and had another great meal.  I like that they keep the menu simple and execute it very well.  I like that it's unapologetically a meat and potatoes place - if you're looking for a light meal I had a steak sandwich and my husband had the burrito. I decided to get the mash potatoes and mushrooms on the side and they were delicious. The streak was very juicy and tender. I will be back and will probably try the chicken fried steak.  10 minute wait. They only take reservations for 6 or more." My family and I will definitely be back.  We tried the prime rib  and was super hot which I dig.  $22 for two lunches and drinks.  We will definitely go back I would like to try more of their menu."  it's nice to have this restaurant as an option if I want to splurge on a decadent comfort food meal.  I've also somehow always managed to find parking in the back too."  crispy crunch. My friend had the catfish poboy which wasn't anything special. I'll give them the home-fried potatoes...nice crisp outside and perfectly cooked inside. Waitress was friendly and efficient. Prices are a lot more expensive for dinner. Probably won't be back."  no lie.  But I'd come back even if it wasn't because the service was stellar: friendly  we got a free piece of yummy chocolate sheet cake to split. And if you are not in a chicken fried mood The food is delicious and the service is amazing. Helena is one of the best servers I have ever had the privilege of serving us. We will definitely be back! I haven't had  a great steak like that in a long time.  My husband chicken fried steak was huge 2 pieces said it wasthe best."  fed me a bite and I remember being startled because it was fresh - not frozen. You could TASTE that it was not frozen. Probably the first restaurant I've been to that didn't have pre-frozen fried food. It's also beer battered. Flippin' delicious. It's basically like going to a southern mama's house and going for a home cooked meal."  I just ate here tonight. The PRIME RIB was the best I have ever eaten. I asked for medium rare and it was perfect. Melted in my mouth and I asked for extra Au Jus and the server brought me over a large cup of it. I thought I was in heaven. And The Chicken fried Chicken my husband ordered was the best I have ever eaten. My server was so attentive and the manager even asked me how it was. I told him I'm coming back soon. This place is the where I will bring friends and guests from out of town. And the mashed potatoes and gravy were the best I have EVER eaten. This is the second review I have ever written and I don't usually write it up unless it was exceptionally good or exceptionally bad. Love love this place if you are into excellent home cooked hearty food and a very comfortable atmosphere with caring people to serve you To non-Texans this is probably just another restaurant with good food and in generous portions.  But to a native Texan  night manager is super nice too." Third time's a charm... Got in just as they were about to close and was served the biggest chicken fried steak north of the equator. I'm thinking now I want to move here permanently. There's nothing like a nice home cooked meal right after a long flight. Management and staff deserve all the credit. "I have been coming here for years and never have I had bad service or food! The best Chicken Fried Steak I've ever had. Everything is fresh  great service. Fun Texas decor. Wonderful home cooking. Becoming our favorite neighborhood restaurant."  and our son had the BBQ.  My son liked the BBQ.  My wife and I didn't care for ours.  Perhaps we were so turned off by the salad that it colored our perception of the meal.  I'm not sure.  We might try it again.  Hopefully the salad is an anomaly." Went here the other night with a group of friends. The staff was extremely accommodating for our crowd. The server was just awesome. And then there's the food. SO DELICIOUS! I had the chicken fried goodness and it was to die for. The gravy alone should be bottled and sold. If you are in the mood for some Texas sized portions and delicious Texas sized flavor....make this restaurant a stop for you!  and the atmosphere was awesome. The catfish and ribeye are worth the trip. Daily specials are a good value with a tinning it home cooking."  I didn't hate this place but I certainly didn't love it. The portions are massive so go hungry or prepare to take lots of leftovers home." Awesome place to hang out with family. Their steaks are phenomenal. I especially love their creamy and tasty smash potato. Will be back soon.  and the pricing has gone up. The mashed potatoes and country grave is second only to my mothers. My kids can share the chicken fried chicken. So much chicken!"  bacon and onion special and it was great. 3 slices of liver smothered in caramelized onions with 3 strips of thick bacon and a pile of fresh mashed potatoes topped with white gravy. I ordered my salad dressing on the side which left the lettuce crisp  it was delish.  Couldn't finish it.   Boyfriend had the regular order of Chicken fried steak and it was huge.  Couldnt finish it. Our waitress was SUPER nice and the food and drinks came timely.  Great hospitality They do a good business. I left full; but still craving a traditional chicken fried steak."  doting on our boys and always making sure we had everything we needed. I chose this restaurant for my birthday dinner because I knew we'd be going out with our two small boys and thought it would be a fun experience for everyone. I ordered the chicken fried steak because that is what they're famous for. It was a gigantic and I could only finished half of it. I would highly suggest if you don't have a Texas size appetite to do the half order or split it with someone. A little detail to most but a big thing for me was that they served green olives chopped up on their dinner salad and I loved it. We will definitely be back. My only negative on this restaurant is the lack of parking space  ever. And I'm a Texan! Along with it the mashed potatoes are like mom made them at home-seasoned just right. I assumed I'd get the steak each time I visited this grill full of Texas memorabilia  I'm glad we did.  We heard all the good reviews of the Chicken fried steak and we had to give it a try.  We ordered Fried Okra as a appetizer and I got the large chicken fried steak and she got the smothered pork chop.  Everything was a hit!  The gravy was amazing and the food was great!  The place was pretty packed for a Friday night Don't hesitate to go here for a casual dinner with some of the best Texas comfort food you'll ever have. Bring clients for lunch if they have never been "For a genuine steak place that has good food and isn't fancy - this is the place. The food is straight forward and tasty. Biscuits are delicious  the food is worth the walk. This place is also super family friendly. There is just enough noise for you parents with younger ones to not feel bad if the kiddo gets noisy. Their kid's menus are Armadillos that you can color Steak was flavorless and the chicken fried steak was tough. The mashed potatoes and gravy were delicious though. I won't be returning that's for certain.  and peach cobbler. Yummy - don't overlook the desserts!"  my only regret is I didn't have room for desert. Best chicken fried steak in Phoenix."  be sure and save enough room for the pecan pie Great service!  Excellent food!  Would definitely recommend this place to all my friends! 18TUn9oiW0k0yB6lheiOvw "I came to this location months ago and I still remember how delicious our food was! I got the pork ribs and my husband got the chicken fried steak  the portions were large and the food was tasty. They brought out bread shortly after sitting down which was two biscuits and 1 roll with butter. The biscuits were fantastic and the reason for the 4th star. Then my husband and I each received a basic iceberg lettuce salad. My husbands came with the wrong dressing and he wasn't able to flag down our waitress to correct before he gave up waiting so he just ate it as is. I had the chicken fried chicken with mashed potatoes which was enough for two meals. My husband had the enchiladas which he said hit the spot. Our son had the chicken tenders. His only complaint is that the fries were not typical French fries but rather potato nuggets of sorts. Dinner for the three of us with sodas and tea was just $40.00 ( not including tip)." If you homestyle cooking this is your place" "Love Love Love. Waitresses are superb. Beef Kabobs - scrumptious. Prime Rib (if you get there early enough) is rare (my fav) and generous. The Shrimp cocktail - wow. And what's not to love on Fish Friday - Cod. Waitress' Coby and our gal are more than Outstanding. It gets kinda crowded Absolutely nothing comes close to the chicken fried steak. But the chicken and dumplings are close. Grab a Shiner Bock and enjoy I loved the food!  Reminded me of my grandmother's cooking!  Cherie was a sweetheart!! "First time here and received the best customer service from our waitress!  She was so sweet and nice.  And the food was delicious and reasonably priced.  Portions were pretty decent and we even had some leftover food to take home.  The dcor is definitely something else... business cards on the ceiling  I'll be back for their REAL (not frozen and re-heated) chicken fried steak/chicken and their REAL (not instant or canned)!sausage gravy." "I was told about this place as soon as I came to town from GA two years ago. Kicking myself for waiting so long to visit. Great chicken fried steak and viddles! Come and get it! Don't forget to ask about the ""clean plate club""." Great tasting prime rib!! The rib eye was just as good! The bread pudding with ice cream was excellent!! First time here! Recently over in the area and always see this place super pack. Decided to give it a try. Their service is excellent our waitress was really friendly and sweet! I was surprised to see that the owner was there too socializing. He is very down to earth and shows how much he cares about his business! By the way I'm part of the CLEAN PLATE CLUB SCOORREEE! Lol highly recommend this place for some good ol southern food! Really great place.  I love hole in wall places where the decor reflects the owners collecting compulsion.  Had the chicken fried since that was the rec in the reviews.  I was really good and large.  Only ate about a third of it. Plan in gaining a pound or two when eating here.  I give this 4 stars for the great home style cooking you would expect from a noted local restaurant.  Minus one star for possibly having a little too high of expectations of the food." "I remember when this location was the original Carlos O'Brien's and then moved to it's new location.  Lone Star Steaks moved in and for several years it was a terrific steak house run by Texans.  They served up a great chicken fried steak and other Texas favorites and developed a good local following.  Then the corporations came in and made them cease and desist using the name Lone Star (beer and steak corps) which really was a shame.  They came back with the name TexAZ Grill.  The menu stayed the same as did the local following of patrons.  They have great pork chops  all of us thought so. My husband is a country fried steak guy and he loved it. I had country fried pork chop ....yummy. Very cheap delicious  eating . Super service. Easy to get into the building . WE were visiting so I am not sure about all the meals they offer. Give it a try!"  the meal i had was good. i will go back and try out other options." Plus you get little glasses for your beer. What a novelty."  meaty sandwich and very filling. We noticed the chicken fried steak/chicken plates were being ordered by most of the people around us and looked delicious! One heckuva meal we will try next time. Met the owner who was real nice & made us members of the clean plate club! Look forward to going back and cleaning our plates again in the near future!" This place has the best smoked prime rib! But the whole mashed potatoes and their gravy topped everything for me. It's not much to look at but the food is fantastic. The staff is great too... "The best chicken fried steak  and my husband had the best brisket ever. It was all so so so tender and savory. It was heaven in my mouth. Last but not least  bottles of wine at great prices.. Food was good and very large  and then didn't even pay Austin to myself OR my husband when he was trying to order HIS desert. Just took my order and ignited him completely." The most aggravating part? We were only in Phoenix for the day - we live in TEXAS! This restaurant is the most abominable example of Texas food and hospitality GOOD FOOD AND GREAT SERVICE. I'm from Texas and I miss the good ole home cooked food; this is the place to get a great piece of Texas. "Only been there once as we were in the area for an appointment at Shasta pools. The chicken fried steak was large & delicious. The atmosphere is nice and inviting Four Stars. I will be back to try more." The breat basket is warm and sultry simple but excellent rolls and biscuits." 18TUn9oiW0k0yB6lheiOvw This is probably one of my more boring reviews because I don't have anything to snark about with Texaz.  I actually joined their email list just because they seem like nice people and I'd like to hear from them more often.  Their food also cures all hangovers and it is the absolute perfect place to go on Sunday night after a long weekend of liver damage in Vegas (learned this last weekend). Five Stars."  but it it is a steakhouse and it was pretty darned good.  Prime Rib was awesome.  I thought the gravy on the mashed left a little bit to be desired.  Service was great.  I'd go back." My first time there. Very disappointed. Chicken fried steak served on an oval plate way too small which prevented any sizable portion of mashed potatoes and corn. Ordered the chili on top of the chicken fried steak. First the biscuit was just a little bigger than a silver dollar. The breading on the chicken fried steak would not stay on the one quarter inch or less thickness of the crushed steak. The steak was way oversized and came dripping with grease from the kitchen dripping on my clothes. I got it with chili on top probably got 3 heaping tablespoons of chili at a price of 2.50. The chicken fried. steak was barely palatable- - - after the breading sluffed off of the steak. Never was asked if i Wanted a refill on my tea. My friends was the same way. Host came by to check did not have the nerve to tell him how repulsive it was- - that was my fault. I wanted to grab something to eat on my way home from work . I stopped by TEXAZ grill . I was slobs so I sat at the bar . I had the rib eye. It was cooked to perfection . The taste was amazing . Very tender and juicy. My mashed potatoes and gravy were yummy !  So creamy and the gravy was thick and had lots of flavor . Tammy at the car is always so nice and attentive .   Can't wait to go back  and have never had anything I didn't like.  The Smoked Prime Rib is Stellar as are The Mashed Potatoes.  The Chicken Fried Steak and Chicken as well as the Catfish are the real deal.  They don't heavily season their food out of the kitchen.  Last time I checked that's what the salt and pepper on the table is for!  I personally like the Chili they serve as well Their chicken fried steak and gravy is worth 5 stars alone. Owner came by to greet us personally nice guy friendly staff and very attentive The only thing not great about TEXAZ is the lack of parking which can be rather tight. If you have a large truck or SUV  probably not enough to pick coming here over bobby Q's unless we dont want to make the drive but its good. Service was very friendly and made you feel like you're home which is nice." "Perfect.  Authentic. Delicious. What more can you say. If you are familiar with Texas food  it doesn't get any better than this for Chicken Fried Steak or CF Chicken.  Portions are huge Save yourself a trip to Texas and go to TEXAZ."  and is a larger portion (not that you can finish either!!). Love this place!" My aunt recommend this place to me so my boyfriend and I went for dinner. Let me say the portions are HUGE. I barely even made a dent... Then again my boyfriend finished all his food. He got the ribeye and I had the early dinner fish. My boyfriend loved his steak and thought it was better than much more expensive steaks he has had. My fish was crispy and moist. Very yummy! Definitely come with an appetite. Great ribeye and newyork! Anytime my wife and I are craving a good steak we end up here. Went to diner with friends. We ordered 3 specials (liver and onions) shrimp cocktail and a diner salad. I've been a server for some years and I gotta say walking into a busy restaurant like this one you expect to wait but nope! We were sat immediately and the waiter promptly greeted us. He coursed out meal perfectly which is hard. But the food!!!!! Was so amazing!!! I thought I hated liver and onions but now thanks to this restaurant I'm a huge fan. "Always awesome! Great service & atmosphere. Been here lots of times. One of the best fried chicken dinners in Phoenix (totally overlooked). Of course there's the smoked Prime Rib and the chicken fried steak  but it doesn't matter when you taste how well it is executed and you throw in the charm of the atmosphere."  service and food.  Got the bear battered cod Came here with family for dinner. Had smoke prime rib!! It was amazing I can't wait to go back !!! Everyone in the family had something different so we all tried a bite or two of different plates   Yum !!!!  but pricey. The bugers were just ok. At the end they were pushing for us to take it home since we ate almost none of it. We politely declined and she still came out with boxes trying to get us to take it. The chicken fried chicken that my daughter's friend ordered  was another item thatcwas horrible.  The gravy had no flavor and when I tasted it the piece I had was so fatty. I pulled the skin out of it and it didn't even look fully cooked. Maybe we were there on an off night Whenever I am in the Phoenix area I will be sure to come back to Texaz Grill. I wish we had a place like this near Chicago." "Lives up to its promise. Giant portions and yummy food  we won't be recommending the Texaz Grill to any of our friends and wanted our Yelp friends to know what happened there last night.  We understand mistakes happen Perhaps this place is better targeted toward people who have more of a taste for Texas inspired food than I."  service and vibe. A long standing establishment because it deserves to still be here. Come on over The service was great the plate sizes gets you full plate presentation was very well I  recommend it The food was huge portions..i couldnt finish and that doesnt happen often. No draft beers but a good bottle beer selection. Served with a tiny cold glass. We really enjoyed our meals and we will be back again soon to try something else" Had a great meal here.  Loved the chicken fried chicken!!  Don't go here if you want fancy food - it is down home style and BE HUNGRY!!  to get to the food.  If you want real food for a good price the lunch menu is amazing.   I guarantee you will not leave hungry.  I had the chicken fried steak and you get two large portions of chicken fried steak a heaping portion of delicious mashed potatoes and corn.  A must have for anyone in the area!!!" "I knew it wasn't going to go well when I asked the guy at the front about my reservation and he pointed to the booth.  Didn't even offer to seat the party or anything.  We had 8 in the party and the server was Sharon.  She definitely came in with an attitude that she did not want to be there.  Totally gruff and unpleasant.  I asked here to go to the other end to take the rest of the orders after our side because they probably couldn't hear her over there.  She seemed to take offense to that and we all agreed that she was just plain rude.  Suffice it to say the service was mediocre at best and not deserving a tip but we left one anyway.  Sad thing is should could of made $25 more if she had just been nicer.  Now about the food "chicken fried steak!!!! OMG. this is not the place to go if you are on a diet! Fun atmosphere The beef back ribs weren't very good either." Come try it - doubt you'll be disappointed."  the vibe is just right and the food is amazing. love this place!" Best chicken fried chicken with mashed and gravy. Great service. Clean restaurant. Reasonable prices. The food was so good and such a Texaz Welcome! We're from down the street and we can't wait to go back! Thanks! This place is the real deal. A few reviewers have been disappointed by the heaviness of the food. To that small minority First time ever tried Bread Pudding (YUM) and a Booker's Single Barrel Bourbon on the side was a perfect finish to a perfect meal." "The chicken Fried steak is out of this world. Absolutely delicious a nice place to get together with friends This will be my watering hole every time I come into Phoenix.  Definitely worth the stop." "Go here - the food is really good. I had chicken fried steak + house salad for lunch today and it was as good a meal as I've had in a long time. You may need to hit the gym afterward Thanks TEXAZ GRILL family. You've been MY personal go to restaurant for about 20 years. Have never been disappointed!"  or most recently CF pork chop are all outstanding. The family loves this place and we come back a couple of times per year to get our Chicken Fried on."  for me its a place I can go when I am not up for ""going out"" but am up for getting a good meal minus the cooking & cleaning. Not that I was in sweats  and the restaurant.com gave us a nice discount. It still is in a hotel  I will gladly add on that elusive 5th star!" Ambiance was fine for a hotel restaurant." Mashed potatoes that will learn you! Very good food and service. Make sure you get the gift card off of Restaurants.com To stop receiving these emails click here: http://www.yelp.com/bn/W04MZm8r1SZ7JVrFyNidQXmljlhirnBFKNX745-LKVVYbEv1OimKlA/."  I honestly have to say that they are really great. I didn't know what to expect  we had a pleasant time but I do feel like a few things could have been just a bit better...especially for the ticket price we were left with. Unfortunately I would eat here again when in Phoenix even if not staying at the embassy suites."  the other pictures users have posted don't do the place justice.  It's much nicer than those look.  Bon appetit!"  however if someone told me there's a decent steak house at an Embassy Suites bewtZL-VV1oeGUdAhHVz6Q  they will make it the way you want it. Whether you eat at the restaurant or order the food in your room  there's another one about 100 feet away that might be a better choice." bewtZL-VV1oeGUdAhHVz6Q This isn't where you take your first date to impress.  It is where you go when you are confident that you are dating the right person and aren't afraid to let him/her know about your secret place for mind-blowing steak without the glitz of the big-name steakhouse."  I put Ruth's Chris and now Omaha Steakhouse up there with the best of them. They're as good as the many awesome local top-of-the line local steakhouses across the country. And I find their beef to be preferable to Morton's I still tipped as if my experience was good.  We all know tips should be for quality of service Best kept secret in Biltmore area. Everything was excellent. We came with a newborn and the restaurant was quiet enough that she slept all the way through dinner. Our party was very surprised at such a great meal in an Embassy Suites Hotel. Which by the way was a great place to stay. Very clean reasonably priced and facilities not too spread out. The service was fine. How convenient that it is located in the Embassy Suites Phoenix - Biltmore hotel. Just walked out of the room "We (my buddies and I) have come here every year for almost 10 years.  This year has been a bit of a disappointment from previous visits. They once offered a hot onion bread in olive oil that was awesome.  They no longer offer this.  (However We we're tired so we had no desire to leave the hotel. Our server was great. They allowed us to share an entree because it was too big for either of us. The chopped salad was so delightful and the steak was perfectly cooked. The wine list could use some refreshing but everything was pretty awesome. The result after I wrote to the corporate office was that the catering manager called me. I do not think that she understood what I had to say. She praised her staff for how great they were and how they kept the water glasses full. Hello! I did not even get a water glass! I wanted to hear how that issue had already been addressed and would never happen again to another guest. As for the dry steak  drinks. were good.  Creme Brul was good.  Solid 4 out of 5 stars!!"  hit the bar twice and ordered take-out from the restaurant once.  All three experiences were very good.  The bartender was variably busy First time at this chain for lunch.  Their steak and avocado salad was great!  Filling but yet light and savory. All in all I would rate this a zero but Yelp will only allow a 1 star as the lowest rating." A great place for a date. I had birthday dinner here with wine. Staff was friendly and outgoing. Food was the real treat. "My husband and I came in last night and had an awesome experience! Our server was Brooklyn who was very charismatic and helpful! She was funny and really made our experience! The food was delicious! My husband had the scallops and myself the ceaser salad New Year's Eve dinner. Meal was pretty good but the service was close to non existent! Never asked how anything was. We had to ask for more water. When bill came asked about Champaign that came with meal special. 10 plus min. Later we  met server at the bar for the bill. Never got drink or a sorry. Nothing! Food is good but extremely expensive. Got room service several times and dined in the restaurant. Everything's delicious but not quite worth the price. "My husband and I are from out of  state and googled Omaha steakhouse walked in and the lady behind the bar came up to us and gave us the look like ""can I help u?"" She probably thought we were poor people and couldn't afford to eat there. We ordered our soft drinks and decided we didn't want to spend money for the way the lady made us feel. Maybe she shouldn't judge people by the way they are dressed. Just so she knows The money we have is more than 10x her annual salary and $7.00 was all we will ever spend at that place"  it's refreshing to see that Morton's still live up to their name and reputation. This one is worthy of repeat visits." Ooops. What happened to the positive note? Extra star for the charity tie. There you go."  a perfect place to sit and let the food and wine metabolize before driving home." Our bill out the door with tip was $310.00 for two people but that was years ago and I know it has not gotten cheaper." I've yet to try their dinners- however their happy hour is fab! Delicious 5 bucks a pop for iceberg wedge bites (tastyy mm) and had a few of their crabcakes (hitting close to my fave!) think they may have the best deals as far as a happy hour menu goes! Morton's is perfect for a special occasion or if you just want to make an occasion special." Great service an delicious food! Make sure to ask for John.  the food is average and kind of expensive for what it is." They did a nice job for my husband's birthday with pretty sprinkles on the table and birthday printed menus and desert.  He loved his filet."  2 sides and dessert. After all was said and done we paid a little less than$200.00 for for an amazing meal and two glasses of wine for two people. It was worth every penny. We both got the Fillet Oskar "Great steak.  I ordered the porterhouse cooked medium and it certainly did not disappoint.  The cesar salad was nothing special.  The lobster bisque was outstanding.  Service was about what I expected.  They go out of the way to meet your every need.  Personally I will be going back."  filet sandwiches and a tomato brioche that was superb. I hope they re book here for another event - either way I am sure to go back."  but not nearly the best I have had...that would be Cattleman's outside of ale Paso. And certainly do not feel we got what we paid for. We shared a meal and still paid over $200. Bartender was rude. We complained. Management was respectful of us and got us our cocktails herself and comped them. Not good enough for the money. Will not return."  crab were below average compared to other Mortons. Steak is probably better in the desert." "We came in late at 9:30 on a friday night after being turned away by another place at 8:50. Mortons was happy to see us! They treated us beautifully. I had the filet and my husband had the rib eye. A lucious dinner with all the trimmings. Pricey yes Right after we see this our salads arrived.  They were nicely prepared and tasted great. A couple bites into my salad I noticed something strange on one of the anchovies. That's when I pulled about an inch long whisker out of my salad. It had a nice large root  on the end which tells me it was pulled and not one that just accidently fell in. So it is very obvious to me that your kitchen staff in general doesn't understand the importance of hygiene and food preparation.  My wife walked out of the restaurant and I called for the manager.  Now the manager took my information and stated Morton's would be contacting me.  He also was very empathetic and apologized several times.  However  the food is good. Yes the streaks were good. Yes the steaks and sides were big enough to share. Standard restaurant has 100 to 150 percent mark up on wine. That means a 15 dollar bottle of wine is 30 to 45 dollars. I paid 60 dollars for a $13 bottle of wine. 21 Dollars for a shrimp Cocktail with 2 shrimp. Please understand I realize you pay for ambiance and yes I know the steaks are USDA prime."  or come here late on game nights - visiting teams will often stop by after the game is over." I rate this a 5 star restaurant. (Expensive but worth every penny)" Yes we will definitely visit Morton's in Phoenix again." Heaven! That is all I have to say!  or for some reason you just want to visit the one that was here first I did save a little room for dessert.  I split a flourless chocolate cake with a hint of espresso and a strawberry drizzle.  It was absolutely awesome iDoigI3605ixHl_qHly3Tg  but it's still worth the money. Our biggest complaint was our garrulous server- just this side of arrogant and annoying. He must have spent a half-hour loudly waxing poetic about wine  I have not yet tried their seafood -- Ruth's Chris is all about premium aged steaks to me." "Mastro's has me so spoiled that I find Ruth's to be like a deflated balloon. I've never been a huge RC fan  the only steak house I can fully endorse.  500 degree plates make the sizzle a memorable experience.  The Ahi tuna appetizer is also a must have to start the meal off right.  While every salad they have is a can't miss  but it's never quite the same.  Never had any of their other steaks.  I also recommend the stuffed chicken.  Oh my!  Again on the chicken Thoroughly enjoyed our meal here and will be back if not to this location another one for sure. Thanks Sean to making it such a great experience!" Will not go back to this location. I'll stick with Ruth's Chris in Woodland Hills and Beverly Hills." iDoigI3605ixHl_qHly3Tg  the type of place that you'd visit on special occasions  I was disappointed to find that nothing stood out as phenomenal. Next time I'll stay home and make some steaks myself  the waiters are helpful yet not pushy like other places that come around so often you can't even enjoy your meal.  great place for dinner.  you might want to make a reservation depending on the night though." "Do NOT go to this restaurant if you can't use stairs. The dining room has about a dozen stairs (for everyone) and does NOT have an elevator or wheel chair lift. The restaurant manager wanted to send our group OUTSIDE  it should be. The location isnt grand.. and its easy to miss.. in my opinion.. Steaks are sent out still cooking on hot plates and the seemingly trite bellboy tells you to cover your top so quickly that you dont really know what he truly said so you watch the others at the table who have deciphered bits and pieces of the quick statement.. and follow their lead.. at any rate.. my filet was good  but if I went to high end steak restaurant's more often I might try to frequent some of the others "I'll never visit a Ruth's Chris again!  Went here for a boyf bday then Morton's for the bro's bday "I've been to this location a number of times over the years and never fail to have a memorable experience.  I love Ruth's Chris and I'll keep coming back for the consistently mouth watering steaks -The filet was ordered medium came out well done.  No pink anywhere on it."  but you still really can't go wrong here! Enjoy!" Everything from the steak to even the water was tasty!  as we had not been).  Also it would be nice if they put out a sign that the deck is free parking for the restaurant in the evening instead of having the valet have to tell everyone would be helpful.  While it made the whole experience of getting there a slight adventure..it was still well worth it The waiter lacked genuine warmth.  When I asked him to talk me about their Malbecs (they had 3 or 4) I've been to Mortons twice. Once in Chicago and once in Phoenix and both times it wasn't as good as Ruth Chris."  so far its the best steak I have had and the sweet potato casserole is to die for."  I have high expectations. This visit fell far short. Hopefully this isn't a sign of things to come with Ruth's Chris. :("  and houstons just to name a few and this place by far has the best prepared cowboy ribeye steak."  it seems like that would have been a better location. The decor is professional and befitting the class of restautant." The food is absolutely worth every penny and the side dishes were perfection as well.  I seem to always order more sides than needed but I still managed to eat everything."  myself am not a huge fan of creme brulee but Ruth's Chris makes one to crave."  but a terrific dinner nonetheless.  Already planning a return trip for 10th wedding anniversary.  Can you say You will NOT be disappointed at Ruth's - but don't forget your wallet." Service: This is the only thing that was worthy of mentioning. Devin at the bar served us and he was 5 stars plus. Great service! He also gets huge kudos for his Martinis. He knows how to poor them! Devin saved Ruth Chris from getting 2 stars!" What a wonderful culinary experience!!" I will never come back the location in the Biltmore area ever again  the bartender was rude and the shoestring fries were limp and greasy although the steak was really delicious. I am not a naysayer but even the people next to us at the bar commented on the bartenders bad attitude. So sorry but would have rather hung out at Mortons with the ever welcoming bartenders!!!! Come one R.C. lighten up and enjoy!" I love Ruth Chris' and I would've given this 5 stars but server Lawrence had a pissy demeanor. For me to have to ask if we can order drinks and scrape the table of crumbs is unacceptable for Ruth Chris. Luckily my Strip was the bomb. Management please talk to Lawrence and don't make the assumption 3 guys in their 20's don't deserve to be treated poorly.  the only thing that help me manage to finish my food was the 4 glasses of Johnny Walker Blue I had. Weird layout for what should be a fancy place." "Service is excellent. Best Steak in town. It is an expensive splurge  and was told us they sold out becouse they only order a few ( really their mark up is like 400% so only a few?). So I ordered the steak.. it was great.. When asked about which wines by the glass were full bodied.. immediately referred me to the 4 most expensive glasses of wine.. 24.00 a glass... hmmm I dont like to be up sold  but upon revisiting - I think I am a fan of their consistent and excellent performance that overrides the annoyance of being forced to valet." Chocolate sin cake was simplistic and dichromatic with straight-up fudge chocolate foundation and raspberry sauce. Tasted like a costco cake Update: 4/6/2016 - They are CLOSED now I see. I can understand why. The food was not good and whoever Ruth Chris is would not have been happy eating at this restaurant. I wonder what restaurant replaced this one."  please!  Awesome drinks and a great value for your money!!"  they know their stuff. The steaks are excellent. Love the new orleans shrimp. The cheese cake is very good.  It is pricey but we always leave stuffed. For a once or twice a year treat I have been going to this place for the last 10 years and they still manage to hit it out of the park! The filet is awesome and so is the saute spinach and potatoes! I love everything about this place from the atmosphere to the food! Keep up the good work!  $32 of our bill was the water and lemonade- so if you want the experience but need to cut cost- there you go:)"  so here's what you need to know: This place is great! The food isn't amazing but the place is pretty quiet and it's a good place to have a casual conversation."  and the drinks are literally half full. Don't believe me order a 50/50 vesper They recently brought back their bone-in Filet..... Wow exquisite cut!! Also really happy about their Crab legs!  and you won't be disappointed in your meal." iDoigI3605ixHl_qHly3Tg I'm a huge fan of this location." "I'm partial to steak and Ruth's Chris is the epitome of awesome beefy goodness. Came here for my anniversary with my wife and had an excellent time. The waiter was extremely knowledgeable and surprised me and my wife with a special anniversary dessert and took a photo of the two of us. By the way "My filet was overcooked and it's annoying when a restaurant serves your appetizers when they haven't asked to take your order and expect you to eat with menus in your way. Vodka martinis were tasty.""" I just learned that they're closing this one because the stupid building owners won't renew their lease 3ygX9NTuA8G1qU2QbX07rQ My wife and I went for dinner last night. We got there and where told it would be about 11minuites to be seated. It took 4. Our Waiter (Cameron) was there at the table very quickly. He got our drink order and my Wife ask if they had Prime Rib. Cameron said it was running short. He took our order and was back quickly. They where out of Medium Rare Primerib. He brought us menus again and we started over. In a few minutes he was back with a piece of the oven roasted Fillet. We sampled it and decided to go with that. Cameron was on top of the Ice Tea and service was amazing. The manager stopped by to check on things and I expressed how great Cameron was doing. The manager comped our desert and gave me his card. He said call ahead and they would save some Prime Rib in the future for us. This is the best experience I have ever had at any chain restaurant. Good steak...little over cooked but the bread makes up for it!  but was very happy the way the Marc and the staff handled my problem. I would/will eat there again." It was a very last minute decision to stop there for dinner; we were dressed a little too casual  friendly courteous service."  fighting and dying to protect our nation by ordering at least one item off this special menu that by the way has only been out for 3 days now. My experience at this Outback was truly eye opening I will definitely return and I hope all you visit very soon as well. So until we meet again Eat Will I go back? No. Even if its free? No."  our server is super! Otherwise I would not make the trip. Our bread was terribly dry and our steaks way over done. In addition the shrimp was too salty and the ahi dry. It was such a surprise as this is one of or favorite places! The manager was very receptive to our feedback." Overall I have to say this was a disappointing experience.  Outback is not cheap by any means.  There are plenty of other better places to go for steak.  Outback would do well to return to what made them famous in the first place (it's the food their happy hour is for drinks only--no food!" I will say that I felt the lobster tail was a bit small but the wood grilled steak was absolutely perfect!" The food is below par. I asked for the best steak available and it was horrible. It's not as good as I remember from 7+ years ago. There are too many other local places that are better.  more for the food than the service. I sat for 10 minutes before ordering my drink. Not because I didn't know what I wanted mind you... Actually I'm subtracting one star because 10 minutes is too long to wait to order a drink. Most corporate restaurants give servers 60 seconds to get a drink order."  Chris & Randy the few times we have been there) Decent food (however a little over-priced compared to some mom&pop shops out there). Friendly.  They just started opening for lunch by us.  Not the first place I think of when I think steak (see TexAZ) Now open for lunch.........  which they did this time. We had to wait almost 10 minutes after we ordered for our bread and for my drink. After we got our food our waiter never Checked on us. He walked by a dozen times but no refills and no more bread. There was also a small fly buzzing around and a Tiny gnat on our table. When we got our check there was a charge for 2 drinks we did not order! I was furious at that point. When I told the waiter he didn't even seem surprised but rather almost annoyed! I get that our bill was not going to be huge but it doesn't mean our service has to be so bad. Whenever I split a dish or order small items as my entree I always leave a good tip. The bill usually comes out to about $20 like this time and normally I would have tipped $5-6 if the service was good or even decent. I just can't believe he thought he could add onto our bill and get away with it!" Never disappoints - love their salad with honey mustard and then their sinful sunday.  Filet is what I get here.  Always get good service and never really have to wait for a table at this location.  that was delicious and soon after we got our complimentary whole wheat loaf of bread. I ordered the Ahi Tuna appetizer and it was a little overcooked. I would not order it again  and I have yet to have bad service." I love this place get the porterhouse over fire and heavy spice very good. the service is always great! "This Outback is my fav IN ALL of AZ. :) Not only Is happy hour all the time Filet with wild mushroom sauce was VERY petite (3-4oz) and overcooked. Told server but no offer to correct.  Otherwise food and service pretty good. But we are leaving a tad disappointed. Andrew comp'd over $30 of food because on a previous order our food was not prepared correctly. Superb customer service. This is regarding an experience I had at Outback this past Saturday.  We arrived around 6:30 and were told it would be a 30 mins wait.  We weren't seated until almost an hour later and it only went downhill from there. We all ordered salads with our entrees but the entrees came out before the salads.  What?  Dessert was comped but the food was still medicore.  This is why I try to stay away from chain restaurants. "We ate at the bar. My steak was cooked exactly medium rare but over seasoned. It had so much pepper on it that it made me cough...and I love spicy food. I was with a party of 5 but they only brought one loaf of bread; we had to ask for more. The bartender was friendly get  enough food....love outback"  this is ridiculous? And what more is you get a small serving for a cruddy meal. I could feed a family of 6 for what i paid for." I will stick to dinner at Outback  but my in-laws chose the place. I probably won't go back on my own volition When our server stopped by to ask how we were doing we mentioned it and it seems we are not the only ones not very pleased with that portion : ( $9-$12 would maybe have been OK for that dish Great food. Excellent service!!  Haven't had this type of experience in a long time. It was worth the extra cash!!$$ The only thing I wasn't happy with was the cheesecake I took home with me. But that was my own error ordering a cheesecake somewhere that isn't known for it."  consistent chain food. Clean and not overly bright. We come for the service behind the bar. Kayc remembers our names  if we were forced to choose were probably the tastiest out of the three.  We also ordered the cake pop trio for dessert and it was SO sweet we couldn't finish it.  The only good experience throughout the whole thing was that our server was very friendly."  I got completely ignored for 10 mins and said something to the host about did she let anyone know I was here... She apologized and I said I'd sit at the bar ... I ordered what I wanted and the manager came over and stated that he was sorry I had waited and said my lunch was on the house .. The bartender was extremely prompt With a greeting  Service was top notch. We never went without a refill and he checked back after everything he brought us." The service is super slow!  We've been waiting for our food for an hour!  Still waiting...  the staff was about as well trained as your average fast food restaurant. Not a good situation when your bill comes in near $100. Find a good independent steak house and pay the extra bucks. It'll be worth it."  except he said "" no worries"" about 10 times. When the entree's arrived my guest's side item was missing.  It couldn't have been much worse and no genuine attempt at service recovery occurred. No rules  this location has secured me as a customer and I will be back next time I want a fantastic steak!"  but with ranch because the sauce is so gross.  I ordered a filet on my previous trip and it was so tough I ended up taking it home to my dog (which he thanks you for OUTBACK!!)  So I tried a different kind of steak this time and it wasn't too bad I don't know if it was just a bad day or a bad waiter but I didn't enjoy my visit. Arrived for lunch at 1:26pm and was seated immediately. My fianc and I ordered an Ahi Tuna Salad and it came out within 10 minutes. We ordered our entrees (crab stuffed Tilapia) when we received the appetizer. We sat and sat and sat. We were talking and when we realized we didn't have out food we called the waiter (who never came to the table after seating us and delivering the appetizers) he said the food was just done and coming out. An hour later. Needless to say the food was cold which means it was done and left sitting and the waiter didn't provide prompt service. I'm sorry we won't be coming back here. Very bad experience. "We love going to this location. We started going more often because the food was great and we were getting awesome service. We especially like sitting at the bar with two of the regular guy bar tenders. I think its CJ/Casey and I forget the other dark haired bartenders name Our booth was near the bar and behind the hostess stand. Food was delicious!!" Only gripe is no manager stopped by while we were seated. I've been to an outback a handful of times and as I remember a manager always stopped by the table to see how things were. Maybe it was different because we sat at the bar but I just wanted to compliment the cooks  they offer healthy choices with great flavor "We'll fellow PV'ers the family LOVES this place.  We go to take advantage of their Outback special (6oz sirloin The waitress was very friendly and attentive. Unfortunately that does not make for terrible food." Got the Ribeye steak & this being a steakhouse & the best cut I expected a thick juicy tasty steak. Far from it! What I got was all fat not even edible I had to search around just to get one nibble of steak! Are you kidding me? This was terrible. I sent it back and they took it off my bill. I won't be back changed my opinion of outback! "Sat at the bar and had a very good experience. The lettuce wedge salad is excellent and the burger was done to perfection. The service was very attentive at the bar. A good place to watch a game  introduced herself quickly and took our drink order.  A couple of the orders were not quite correct and we mentioned it to Hannah who quickly sent the manager over.  He remade the hamburger even though it was not necessary.  Both the manager and the server went way above and beyond.  It was so nice to experience such excellent service.  We will be back!" Been here two or three times over the last year.  Each time has been solid.  Food and Service always on spot.  Great job!  unless it was just our server who lacked skills. I don't think I will ever go back there for lunch just dinner but I hope the waiters at night are more skilled then the day servers."  or under cooked. These are my only complaints. I'll still go back in hopes for a better outcome."  service has always been good or great.  Food is definately decent.  I don't know where else you can get a lobster tail  but I was close by and thought I would give it a try. I am so glad I did. The food was delicious and reasonable priced. Fred was my server This evening tried once again to have a meal at Outback. Ordered the Steak salad and the picture in the menu and what I was served was not even close to the picture. If one advertises menu items it needs to serve as depicted. Very disappointed What I found surprising (amusing? Confusing?) Was that every time our glasses were about half full  but ended up being awful by the time the appetizers came. I honestly think that she might have been on something. I'm typically more forgiving of servers since I used to be a waitress myself and understand how chaotic a busy evening can be. We asked for things 3-4 times (bread and the prime rib sandwich looked and tasted like it was from a low end sub shop. We where very disappointed and won't be back." OK but nothing to write home about. Beer was cold (if overpriced) and food (appetizers & dinner food) was acceptable if overcooked. The food is definitely overpriced. We may go back sometime in the next year - maybe.  good atmosphere and quick service. Can't find any complaints. Join the Dine Rewards program they have and after 3 visits you get half off next visit up to around $20.00--" "Just served sirloin surf and turf when we ordered filet.  Mgt wouldn't acknowledge what it was ""that one looks more like a filet"". Out of baked potato and apparently now out of filets..neither facts were we told when ordering." Had a very good meal here . Very good service from the young waitress who remembered us when we returned . Enjoyable and reasonably priced . Good value for money. Quick service  and I must say;  would it hurt to smile and be kinda generally happy?  You're in the service industry... At least pretend you're happy!" My boyfriend and I went here for dinner tonight and the service was outstanding CJ our waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly we well be back for sure!! "We went to Outback today to celebrate my daughter's birthday with a nice steak dinner. We were seated right away but then the wait staff and the manager on duty completely ignored us. We were never even acknowleged  and professional. The management team has always been on point and accessible. I definitely recommend this particular Outback!!" Cheesecake.. Heck yes !" Went for dinner last night.  Had 10 oz rib eye cooked medium well.  Salad has fresh vegetables and baked potatoes had the works with bacon This place is Fantastic. The food is Fabulous and the service is Excellent. Gillian was our Waitress and she took excellent care of us. We had the Prime Rib. Gillian recommended the Steak House Macaroni and Cheese to my husband. He said it was Excellent. I had the Onion Soup and it was Fantastic. The Prime Rib was so tender you didn't need a knife. We'll be going back soon. "One of the worst experiences I have had in a long time.  I eat out a bunch I  consider myself a foodie.  I know my way around a restaurant and a bar.  I never ask anyone for favors! 45 minutes after I ordered my to go order it arrived only after I asked the bar tender to check on it. Tonight not only did the bar tender not care enough but the the supposed manager who came out of the kitchen had nothing to offer but apologies. Outback once had a great concept great food and good service  and HANDSOME (SUPER FINE). We had an issue with our dinner and they fixed it without an issue. Rebecca W. was a sweet and speedy server. I will be back.!!"  Outback by far had the best deal period.   Plus I got credit for my Dine Rewards program and 15% off for being an AARP member....and they gave every lady a carnation whn leaving.... we waited about 15 mins to get a table cause they were busy Outstanding food and service. We are regulars and we love it. Prime rib is the best. Waiter was terrific.  Always a pleasure having dinner with the family. Keep up the great work. Should  have known better  than  to  have  throw back steak. Tough chewy. Crab cakes reminded me of potato  pancakes. We won't be coming back anytime soon  onion blossom great I had fish tacos deliciousness but please stay away from the blackberry martini Will be back to this location as its one of the best out backs we have been to"  but I ordered a steak dinner ""to go"".  I requested the roasted sirloin ""well done"" and it turned out excellent along with the baked potato with all the toppings.  The Onion Petals were a very nice add-on.  I will do this again as the staff packaged up this meal just right so it was piping hot when I arrived home to enjoy it!"  and I must say that I was very disappointed in the food this time. My ribs were charred and over done to the point of being stringy- could barely gnaw any meat off of them. I told the waitress  with an unbeatable price. The restaurant was also packed on a Wednesday night so you know that they are doing something right! Thank you Outback!!" The sandwich was a huge disappointment.  Overpowered with the flavor of too many onions and no other flavor (like MEAT for example) to stand on.  Also I cannot complain as this is what you get at Outback but I recall this place being better than this experience....The salted sow is not available for lunch either (adjacent to Outback). That's another story."  but was very annoyed last time I went in.  I sat at the bar area and my service was not as usual.  The waitress took for ever to bring my change!  Very frustrating!  I has to find her just so I could go back to work." 4mZ__NR8jLD1k0rYpSbplA  $37 plus tip for two meals and two kids meals. Save your money and go somewhere else." DO NOT waste your dining dollars here.  You'd do better at Taco Bell." "I wish they could give negative stars.  I mean seriously this place is a health violation.  I have eaten Mexican food on the streets of Tijuana and almost never has it been this bad.  Gordan Ramsey needs to put this place on kitchen Nightmares.  Honestly  he almost looked at me like I put the stone in my sons food. I have never been as angry as I was at that moment... Do yourself a favor and stay away... Don't risk your meal  and served in volumes.  Service was quick and friendly.  Price was reasonable.  What am I missing here?  Check this place out because unless I came in on an unusual night 5MlUPatQxg4GZhkPwGIvrQ  and was very disappointed when the W. Bell Rd location closed several months ago." 