I'd say walking to age 10 would love it!" The only reason I rate Discovery Place a 4 out of 5 is that they discontinued the laser shows they used to hold years ago every Friday and Saturday nights.  Those were good clean fun for the college crowd." I do love the Imax theatre. We've taken the kids to see movies like Happy Feet and Undersea 3D. That's a blast." Convenient parking and great exhibit - Body Worlds. The IMAX is wonderful - beware lots of kids everywhere!  this was a great experience and I will definitely return to see the other great showings  which was amazing.  They have different shows centered on space and nature.  It is always a learning experience for kids and adults alike.  They also have Pink Floyd and Led Zepelin light shows on rare occasions."  Discovery Place is a great resource here in town. They always show the morbid  which is a definite plus for something located uptown."  pudding and salad boxes. Combo options for about $6 include fries and soda drinks. I'll go with the pizza and the yogurt." This place is full of great knowledge & hands on displays for kids to learn all things science. It's a great place for kids  so you should be able to get in without too much trouble. On top of their specific exhibits (which are great for kids and adults) We also chose to see ""Spider-Man 3"" on their IMAX screen on opening night.  It sounds much better than it actually is.  Specially created IMAX movies on IMAX screens = good.  Regular theater movies blown up on IMAX screens = bad.  The experience made me nauseous and I couldn't ""see"" all of the action because it was everywhere at once.  I'll stick to IMAX features like their ""Beavers"" showing next time. :)" BTW check out the MILF in the photos!" Only disappointment I ever had is I went to see Happy Feet on IMAX and the dude who's job was to roll the film up after it played jammed the damn thing and I never was able to see the show :("  consider a one year membership deal. We *might* get back there one more time in the next year  I almost gagged at the sight of both toilets covered in urine!!  I get that its also parents responsibility to make sure there kids don't pee all over the seats  I was left wanting a bit more.  I would prefer to go to an entire museum that specializes in *JUST* nature or architecture or microbiology because my attention span and interest level is just a little higher.  So come with the kids  maybe 5 - 11ish who would benefit from some of the more mature exhibits upstairs.  While we did enjoy our time there It was a bit pricey for what was being offered.  They do offer a year pass.  We didn't even go to the IMAX - that was extra.  We were only there for a few hours before we saw everything we wanted to and left.  Very educational though." My 13 year old nephew discovered his love of mechanics while at Discovery Place. That is seriously worth every penny. Someone working there spent extra time with my nephew- showing him how to take apart and put back together a robot. Very awesome."  waiting turns and being polite. There is also a cool water area and kids play area for the super young ones so you can bring your whole family! You could make creations from paper and fabric and email them to yourself. Or take pictures of something like a fossil through a magnifying glass and email it to yourself. So high-tech! One of the most fun things we did while we were there was match the poop to the animal - not as easy as you would think! The biggest poop does not necessarily go to the largest animal FYI!" ZBQWSsUXwixFmm3lpegMiA  Charlotte has free 3d movies and larger interactive exhibits.  They lean heavily on scientific method & practice.  Definitely a fun 4-6 hours.  The Cons: $8 to park "This is really amazing if you can afford it.  It was $22 for my boy and me to go.  BUT he had an incredible time.  Couldn't get him to leave and we must go back.  It has tons of science demonstrations that are hands on and they demonstrate physics in a  way that is really fun.  They have several shows per day that teach about animals  I seriously enjoyed coming here! It completely exceeded my expectations. This museum is a must when visiting Charlotte  get the membership!  Admission costs can add up for multiple people." This is also the first visit since they opened the aquarium and rain forest. I felt like I was back in South Florida seeing the ocean life and feeling the warm humidity of the rain forest."  but the parents seemed to keep things under control. I did enjoy the aquarium and some of the other exhibits. I wanted to see the 3d sea film Bottom line if you have kids from out of town visiting this is the place to go!"  Discovery Place is a great place for kids  I had an absolute blast at Discovery Place.  My boyfriend and I spent nearly 3 hours there on a Sunday afternoon - no children "Fantastic place. The exhibit was well done and they paced out the flow of people so the crowding around the mummies was minimal. Interactive area was fun and they made a lot of room for creativity. The ""live"" exhibits where great as well. Overall  is competely interesting for all ages. The exhibit essentially shows what life is like through animal eyes by attaching a camera to all different kinds of critters! The exhibit had something for everyone. Adults got to appreciate the technological and scientific elements Little smaller than one would expect for the admission.  Mind you there are a lot of stuff to do here but I can see when it is crowded that this place is not worth your money.  I can just envision waiting around to do things and your kid starting to get tired of waiting....if empty then you are golden.  We just stopped by since we were visiting Charlotte and needed a kid's thing to do in between the adult things.  Was worth every penny to satisfy our little one on our vacation.  The germ section they have now is a bit scary though for the youngest of them.  as an out of town visitor I found this place to be a very interesting way to spend an afternoon. Everyone in my group really enjoyed themselves and we were totally glad that we took the time to check it out."  not counting break for lunch in neighborhood.  I can't think of any kids place in my neck of the woods that is so much fun and such a great deal.  They got exhibits and tons of interactive stuff "I live an hour away from Charlotte and find that this place is worth the drive for an 8 year old kid.  My son had a blast and keeps asking when we can go back.  ""This museum is so much batter than the one we have at home!"" is what he said Wonderful place for kids and families.  Be sure to go back as some of the exhibits change.  Sue the T Rex and Kapla Buildings have been my favorites over the years. A great way to spend a day downtown." ZBQWSsUXwixFmm3lpegMiA  but I doubt we'd go again on a future Charlotte visit.  Unless we just did the IMAX when the kids are older." While on Spring Break we stayed up the road at Great Wolf Lodge and decided to ride up to Discovery Place. This museum is AWESOME! Our 2 year old loved it. It is a very hands on experience and she loved every minute of it. Her favorite part was using the building blocks in the exhibits on the 2nd floor. My favorite was the rain forest exhibit and her dad is a big kid at heart so he loved it all especially the petting stations in the aquarium where you got to touch the animals. She also saw her 1st 3D moving about lions in the jungle. This is definitely a must do for kids of all ages.  plenty of live animals....  But we really like the ""shows"" they do.  Theres one called sub zero right now where they show the effects of dry ice on things adn the kids get to play in the steam and watch rubber gloves get frozen and crack.... my kids are mesmerized.  Those shows are about every half hour on the weekends.  I think members should not have to pay so much for IMAX tho I can see myself taking my nephew here time and time again. Its definitely an inexpensive way to have some fun with the family." "Terrific interactive science museum for kids (and adults) of all ages. We took our kids along with some friends from out of town  and I hope they will bring it back sometime in the future. All around a great science and nature museum thst has something for everyone!" I would say this place is best for kids 7 and under." We will definitely visit next time we are in town."  but apparently each night is themed.  Tickets are $8-$10 and you get to experience all of the awesome exhibits that the science education center has to offer.  Things are just as fun as they were when you were a kid - just now but recently went this past saturday to take my five year old daughter.She enjoyed it alot but to me it seems alot has changed over the years.i was excited to check out the alien exhibit  the kid zone is downstairs next to the IMAX theater area.  I know my daughters eye's lit up when we finally found it."  so if you find yourself going there more than once a year I highly suggest buying the membership. Be wary of the hours "This is a great museum with fun exhibits. During a normal day there are too many kids running around and taking the run of the place. Our favorite night is every 3rd Friday of the month for ""Science on the Rocks."" They are themed nights for adults 21 and older. There are full bars  even the adults! The displays are all interactive and interesting full of basic and advanced information for all to enjoy. There were also stations where employees had different reptiles and sea creatures that the kids could touch and ask questions about. There was a small area of sea life on display as well as a really cool frog toad exhibit on the floor above. While were there they had a moving dinosaur display "Needed to burn a few hours & decided to check out Discovery Place. It seemed like my hubs & I were the only adults without children there. When in Rome.... We had a blast with all the kids. December is nutrition month. I really like the fat to muscle displays. There was a ton to do & I could have spent several more hours playing in all the exhibits. I loved how hands on the exhibits are for everyone. I also loved that some of the ""apprentices"" are kids. Fantastic learning experience for them. Because I am a biologist  that gives a great understanding of how things work. Lots for all ages  but that is a separate fee from the General Admission fee. Kids love this place.  Now my gripe. Admission for two adults and two kids is about $60. For 1.5 floors of exhibits I did not find much value. There was nothing for me as a parent other than enjoying the smiles on my children's faces. Really guys? I pay you to chaperone my own children. Either charge the adults and not the kids  whose parents were over in the corner on their assorted electronic devices.  This place is little more than a overhyped daycare now.  All the cool things I did and enjoyed as an adolescent were replaced with ""rooms"" that had microscopes that barely worked "Spent four hours here with my granddaughter and didn't see it all or exhaust her either. Wonderful Awesome in every sense of the word. We were there for hours. Kids loved it and it is very reasonably priced.  and they have bars set up as well as music and fun activities to be a part of!"  I was a little disappointed because there were a lot of things that we saw in pictures on their website that they didn't have there. There were a ton of kids there from a summer camp but there was a lot of stuff to do so it didn't really affect our visit. Overall My kids had a blast. So much to do and see. Prices were reasonable . I wish there was a more kid friendly restaurant though !! A great place to being kids.  Completely worth the money.  The only thing that prevented 5 stars is that my son got burned by a hot glue gun at the duct tape section.  While it says hot- not really meant for young children. Reasonable price. Military discount available (just ask). More for children older than 6 y o. We brought our 1 year old who loved the toddler area. The toddler area was small but perfect for the little ones to run around and get into everything without the bigger kids toppling over them. Loved the water table. Guitar exhibition was really cool for us adults. Was pretty bummed that none of the bathrooms had changing tables.  everything else is just ""vanilla"". Overall it's overpriced." It's a fun place for kid's and parents!" Great place for little little kids but I feel like all the good stuff are often closed off when we come. Just needs...MORE!  you could go to both floors - and the exhibits where you could touch the sea life was open too. I went on the 80's Back To The Future night Great place to go to spend a few hours.   Also theirs a private parking lot on site.  Park on the top of the parking garage.  Because there is a walkway from the parking garage to inside the museum. Go down the elevator to the first floor. That is the second entrance into the museum. The two stars is for the parking garage. We waited for over 30 minutes just to pay and exit the garage on a Saturday night. We should pay when we come in or there should be more lanes to leave! "We came here to see the body worlds exhibit. It was really interesting and cool. The whole place was fun. I came with my husband and baby. It's a fun place to learn and spend a few hours. Everyone here was very nice and friendly. I will be back once my daughter is older This is my daughter's favorite spot in CLT.  So many different exhibits to see.  She has spent 5 hours there just doing everything they have.  They have a wonderful summer comp for science loving kids.  Just sign up early.  They reach their limit quickly.  including hands on activities where my son was able to touch a snake and live sea creatures. I think it's great for the school aged kids or younger. Not appropriate for high school aged kids as there were plenty running around on field trips the same day I was there as well. It's nice that this place does ""cater"" to everyone but I believe it should be left to the youngins. There is an imax 3D theater as well and a small cafe on site."  don't be! It is absolutely fascinating. We did not pre-purchase tickets and had no issue getting in on a Sunday afternoon. It was packed with families and children and the vibe was great. While there were a lot of people we were able to take our time in the exhibit and were in and out in 1.5 hours. We parked in 7th Street Public Market and ate brunch ahead of time. Our parking for a total of 2.5 hours was $6 Took my gf to see the body world exhibit. Awesome experience and a lot of fun. It's nice to just roam around and do whatever you want. They had a nice aquarium area. Upstairs is also fun because you can do a lot of things and interact with stuff. We also attended a science show that blew stuff up. I think they offer something different every month so it's worth going every 6 months or so especially with kids. We went another time and they had a guitar exhibit that my husband loved." There are some really great things about the discovery place! I think it is a great place that you can take your kids and spend all day having fun and learning about science. I do want to say that they are busy on the weekends. Parking is $12 and is not validated when you go inside even though it is the Discovery Place's own parking garage. Prices are a little steep for the museum as well so I would recommend getting the Membership for your family. It was easy to get to even though it is uptown.  I did enjoy the gentleman with the ponytail who looked similar to a biker I knew once. All in all I think I prefer the natural science center in Greensboro and sciworks to this place. Not to mention when we walked in they had some huge line problems and had poorly laid out where people should go to wait in line. When we asked about it they blatantly ignored us. Thanks for the poor signage and dismissive staff."  but you can probably find street parking as well.  I rode the train into 7th Street Station and walked up 2 blocks."  project-based activities. You should take your kids and allow them to explore and even chat with them about what they think they're learning through free-play. There's something for everyone young and old to learn here."  it was an awesome place. Very interactive and hands on rather than staring through the glass or not being able to touch. Would highly recommend I really liked it here. The receptionist was a bit moody for my liking but I'll live. I'm an adult and I felt like there was so much for me to do. I recommend bringing kids 5 and up here. The rainforest was so cute. I am not sure how it rates price-wise against local gyms because you get a lot for your money beyond just a place to work out. If you are a single person who just wants to lift weights  do cardio you might be able to find something cheaper. If you have a family or are looking for a social component as well as a gym  though not as fancy for kids like the Morrison I'm really happy that I joined and I'm super-pleased with this facility." I may run into you here...or another branch...I'll keep you guessing because I can!"  and luckily the facility is nice enough to keep the workouts enjoyable." The one thing I could do without are the kids who are allowed to join this branch of the YMCA. They don't exactly disrupt my workout Pilates with Lisa is relaxing. I like her form of teaching and I understand the concept much more so." My wife and I like it a lot here and we'd definitely recommend the Harris Y." I have not met anyone very friendly there and I assume that is because it is the ""SoPark"" area - but since I don't go to the gym to socialize I guess it doesn't matter."  etc. is a little too casually run for my taste. The people who work behind the desk often get into long conversations with members or fellow employees "I went here on Veterans Day with my son so we could do something fun. I heard they had an indoor water park and went to check it out. We got there a little early (about 9:30am) and the parking lot was packed. When I went in the woman at the desk immediately greeted me and helped me check-in since I was just checking out the facility and using the pool for the day. She walked me to the locker room and showed me how to get to the pool- extremely helpful. On a cold day the indoor pool was nice and warm and though the indoor water park is somewhat small Wait 20 mins for an elliptical. The weights are limited and they don't have a lot of machines. Oversold memberships. I just closed my over priced membership and joined fitness connection where everything is new and only 10 bucks a month. The Y is overrated.  NC.  I went for a day to see how it was and really enjoyed it.  I have only done floor tumbling so far "This Y is huge. It has two indoor pools and an out door pool with diving pad for competition.  The kids have their own building with all kids activities in it. The pool area is huge "The evening cycle classes are great. Particularly on Mondays and Thursdays.  The gym area at Harris is acceptable but times are limited due to the number of patrons.   The absolutely worst part is trying to find a parking space on a cold winter night and the one you find is pretty far from the door.  Again My favorite YMCA in the Charlotte area (and I've tried 4 of them). The staff were so friendly as soon as I walked in the door. I love that they have a track as well as lots of different cardio areas so you're never having to wait on a machine. Great place to workout. Great pool experience but membership sign up took so long..  as I stated in my tip there is something for everyone. From childcare to swimming lessons to dance classes to fitness and sports. You can't go wrong with the Harris YMCA!  I just wish they had a larger parking lot especially since I was told this is the largest YMCA in the Charlotte area."  pilates yoga studio and more. They also offer childcare. Harris Y offers classes from photography to adult gymnastics to ballroom to kid's camps and activities. The group exercise schedule is updated every month It's my first gym membership and I was a little intimidated by the idea but everyone there is great. I even ran into a friend I didn't know went. Overall  Arizona Sunrays is a great place to bring your kids.  I also love their Parents Night Out and $5 Sunday open gym!" Just took my 2 yr old daughter this morning for her very first dance class. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating (bringing out tap shoes for us to try since it was our first visit) and my daughter had a blast!  We're both excited to go back next week. ;) "My daughters went here for yet another trial class - Tumbling and pre-k gymnastics.   The facility had a cramped waiting area but free wi-fi (yay!).  My daughter's beginning tumbling class were co-ed and had mostly pre-teen/teen girls which my daughter was not normally used to. Nevertheless Jumping Genie (?) is the gymnastic instructor and makes it fast paced. It took some adjustment for my boy to get used to Classes - engaging for the kids!" I went to Sunrays for close to 6 years and every year was more and more enjoyable! The coaches are top quality and are fun and love to what they do! The facility is as clean as a gym could be and it is a great place for kids to learn both a new sport as well as other skills helpful for coordination and balance.  and no one is returning my messages. We wanted to sign our child up after hearing such good things."  I couldn't get back to pick them up until the end of the afternoon program) they were so kind and accommodating and made my children feel loved and well taken care of until I could get back to collect them. If my kids had to be stranded somewhere this would definitely be their first choice of where to get stuck!" Thank you crew for being an amazingly talented and gifted group of thoughtful and experienced gymnasts.  Esther loves her gymnastics classes and collectively your organization has assisted in the development of my four year olds' talent for the sport. Teacher Kim and staff thank you!  And thank you for finding a gym in Ventura County for us!  as well as currently attending. Everyone here has a great positive energy  and don't seem to care whether they turn away new clients or customers because they are more interested in money.  Gold Metal Gymnastics in Chandler  swim and karate all at the same place? My daughter has been coming here for a few years and loves it. This year I decided to take my son who is autistic for the first time and I am so glad I did! This staff is amazing with kids who are special needs! They have been very accommodating "This review is for anyone considering transferring or having their daughter move into the gymnastics team.  We joined this gym after we moved to town and had heard good things about their gymnastics program. This is only the case if your daughter has been going to this gym since she was little.  If you are an outsider "Words could never express just how wonderful Arizona Sunrays is. They have literately changed our kids lives. Both of our kids were born with hypotonia and you would never know it. Thanks to the amazing staff "I started my daughter here at 4yrs old after attending another gymnastics organization in town. I immediately saw a difference in the teaching of skills. They also put her on the ""developmental"" track which I really didn't know the difference of at the time. My daughter showed early talent Everyone is so nice and they are really patient. My almost two year old is learning so many great skills. He loves the baby dance class and tumble tots is a blessing when you're trying to teach structure. The open gym is an inexpensive and fun way to beat the heat and it's better than going to the park! I love this place!  and this is by far the most developmentally appropriate facility for children in sports that I have found. Both of my children absolutely love their classes. What an awesome place!"  is very enthusiastic and you can tell she really cares about instilling good form while building the fundamentals of gymnastics in her students. I highly recommend this school for kids 2 years and above!" "Great place for every age group. Experienced coaches 