 but with Sushi Three's improved menu and large number of vegetarian options  and pickles.  It was a ton of food and more than filling enough - I didn't even eat the salad and I was stuffed.  I will agree that the wasabi was pretty weak - I added tons of it and it added almost no spice or flavor.  Even though it was a bit pricier than I was expecting (my menu was outdated and said the lunch would be $6.95.  Oops.)  made to order sushi. More variety than you can shake a stick at!" Sushi selection limited...  Miso soup tasted a little fishy. sushi was dry and unenjoyable. the place itself is clean and the decor was minimal.  I was not a fan and probably won't be back. Will definitely be back!"  and I wasn't ecstatic over the Shrimp Fantasy I had. The sushi was decent. Most of everything else was bland and average. I don't know if eating at the restaurant would have made a difference or not. The delivery did come on time "I had lunch here this past week and got the sushi lunch special. I was surprised to see that there were only two other tables. The restaurant was dark and provided little in the way of ambiance. For $10 Our first visit deserved a 2.5 but this visit was a 1."  at least you get your money's worth! I say definitely give this place a shot if you're a sushi fan."  service is great.  Try the tofu salad appetizer." "I go there as a tradition with my best friend when she comes home and it's one of my favorite places. The resteraunt is quiet and low lit so it's very relaxing. Service is quick and friendly. The lunch specials are amazing deals and there's enough variety there that I never get bored with the choices. Their tempura is the best i've ever had Delicious sushi! Watched it be prepared in front of us and the entire place is super clean. Friendly staff. Highly recommend stopping here! Had lunch with my wife. The quality of the sushi was quite good. My wife had some tempura that was fabulous. Service was friendly and quick. We really enjoyed our lunch. We will be back.  this is my new number one. The spicy tuna roll and and sashimi app were my favorites! The hubby got yellowtail fish jowl You can't go wrong with Sushi Three. If you're a fan of sushi they are a must try!" "WAY overpriced and the rolls are incredibly small. I was not impressed with the sushi either. If you are looking for sushi "Good sushi and nice staff. If you eat at the restaurant it's always completely dead inside--which can be nice if you want some privacy Unfortunately I don't live nearby anymore so I don't get to stop in quite as often. But when I'm in the mood for sushi in the South Hills area  it was one of the best restaurant experiences we ever had."  like I'm troubling the staff.  And you have to drive through an apartment's parking lot to get there.  Very awkward location and atmosphere." "I have been going to Benihana's back when it was Samuri... I visit the Cleveland and Pittsburgh one frequently. The cleveland one is better but they are both going down hill at a very fast past. I keep giving them another chance and i keep getting disappointed. They have changed so many things in the past year and its for the worse. The shrimp the order they give you the food I like this place it provides a great atmosphere and can handle big groups. They also send you a coupon for a free dinner on your birthday and can use it anytime during your birthday month.  I would recommend making a reservation as they are normally busy and it takes awhile to eat. But this is a great place to go for a special occasion. It all depends on the chef who is performing for you . I have been here twice in last several months and felt everything was average . I have seen other chefs in different restaurants and they have put on a much better show .  I felt like this particular Benihanas location was struggling to meet the corporate concept; trying to do it with Pittsburgh locals who The atmosphere was fun. Our chef was very nice and entertaining. The filet was excellent.  Their salad dressing is a little harsh for my taste.  Over all it was a great time. I will definitely go back.  I enjoyed two California rolls from my stash of Costco sushi at home before departing for the restaurant. The difference between Costco's rolls and Benihana's...a toss up - just sayin.  The good news is  we asked if she could get ice cream as well. I don't know if she thought we wanted the ice cream free (which we definitely didn't!) but she said no Only complaint was when we arrived we were basically told we had to wait for another party to arrive prior to being seated.  Was told we could go to bar---after saying no we wanted to be seated they agreed.  We made reservations for 3 and had no idea who other party was so why could we not be seated---we were not asking to be served.  Over all experience was nice.  Waitress very nice and attentive and so was Chef. Eat in.  If you're planning on take out make it simple." After eating we hit the bar and had drink apiece. The bartender was really cool and the bar area had a great vibe and atmosphere. Sure The sushi during happy hour is great. The wife and I eat well for $20.  That's drinking pop though.  Don't judge. "It's okay for me. I don't love it but I don't hate it either. The sushi and hibachi were good but nothing to be crazy over  but the Wexford location does have the best hibachi food in Pittsburgh to our taste."  and just everything are incredible. The prices can be a bit high but it is worth it!"  but he is awesome.   To apologize the manager did comp our entire meal... We were a party of 10 -- and we took good care of our servers...it really wasn't their fault. Happy Xmas eve Tito you know how to do it right. Thanks." Love this place! Great sushi and have great sushi specials at lunch and HH. Bartenders are the best also. Marty is the man!  Benihana definitely has the best value and the best staff.  We visited Saga shortly after going to Benihana and just kept commenting on how much better Benihaha was." "This is by the far the worst hibachi restaurant I have eaten at. The food is very bland from the onion soup to the fried rice (which basically was white rice with chopped onions) to the chicken (which was so pale it looked like it was boiled). Hibachi food typically has tons of flavor and tastes good because it has some grill marks and char This place is crappy the only veggies u get is onions and zucchinis took the server 30 min to serv us drinks then took them 20 min to take orders by the time the chef comes out already an hour just for the food and the show after we ate our waiter didnt even recommend anny desserts just gave us the chek and leave with out saying anny thing els o i for got we were still eating like wtf im still eating and so was mi family and u just give me the check the chef just left like five min ago . I recamen go sime where els n eat  and the chefs are entertaining without being obnoxious like a lot of other hibachi places. I'm not big on sushi The best part of the meal were the cupcakes that my friend brought.  Do your wallet and your stomach a favor and go to a different Hibachi place.  Benihana is not worth your time or money."  service wasn't too good. Our cook appeared to be high and dropped things during his presentation. He had us worried while he controlled the fire of the stove top and flipped items in the air because he just did not seem to be experienced or professional. The food is always very good though and I have never been disappointed by it! The green tea ice cream is especially unique and delicious! I also love their buttery lobster and would definitely order it again! I really hope that Benihana stays strict on who represents them on the floor and monitors their workers' quality of work more because they have the name and the product down." Fun fact: Benihana is no longer able to pop food in your mouth because someone (in Florida I believe) got a hot shrimp to the eye and sued the company." I was happy that we had the option of brown rice and not just white or fried rice." So to sum it up our waitress seemed overwhelmed and managed to make me feel rushed even though I feel she could have visited our table a few more times then she did. That along with being overpriced is why only the 3 stars."  so I don't think we'll ever be going back there. I think Ichiban will be our new hibachi restaurant of choice."  so we figured we'd be sat right away.  Instead we were then informed by the hostess to please wait for a few minutes because they were getting our table ready.  Ready for what?  We weren't even asked how many individuals would be dining nor if we wanted Hibachi or the sushi bar.  After we found a seat by ourselves we awaited approximately for about 10 minutes for a waiter to give us our menus.  After receiving our menus from our mute friendly waiter we were asked if we were ready to place our order.  Our starters consisted of Spicy Seafood soup  so we figured we'd be sat right away.  Instead we were then informed by the hostess to please wait for a few minutes because they were getting our table ready.  Ready for what?  We weren't even asked how many individuals would be dining nor if we wanted Hibachi or the sushi bar.  After we found a seat by ourselves we awaited approximately for about 10 minutes for a waiter to give us our menus.  After receiving our menus from our mute friendly waiter we were asked if we were ready to place our order.  Our starters consisted of Spicy Seafood soup  and the lack of knowledge is a smack in a real Chef's face." "The absolutely WORST hibachi experience I've every had in my life! It was my granddaughter's 4th birthday and thought she'd get a kick out of a hibachi chef. Fist we wait 45 mins or so to be seated. The restaurant wasn't even half full. We chose the dinner portion instead of the lunch because by this time we were very hungry and the waitress said we would get larger portions. She lied. Our hibachi chef was absolutely horrible! He spoke so softly that you couldn't hear anything he said. He barely spoke and didn't put on any kind of show at all! Our 4 year old was so bored that she wanted to leave. The other party that was seated with us all ordered the lunch versions and they got more food! The chef mixed everything together so no one got a larger portion than anyone else. The only thing that we got instead of them was a half a slice of zuccini and a little bit of onions. None of us even like onions. My ""steak"" was at least 1 4 fat which the chef cut off and disposed of which didn't even leave enough for a small sandwich. By the time our main course was served our vegetables and rice were ice cold. We asked to speak to the manager who told us that they weigh the portions in the back before they bring them out to cook them. However like I said the chicken was all mixed together and at least 1 4 of my steak was complete fat and thrown out. The manager didn't seem to care at all about our situation. We paid almost $10 a meal extra for the ""dinner"" portion. He could have easily knocked it down to the ""lunch"" price "Benihana is my absolute favorite restaurant. Every time I eat here the food is delicious and consistent. I pour that delicious pink sauce (""yum-yum sauce"") all over everything  the food was good and we all had a great time. Oh and a side note- their Shirley temple's are awesome!" "If it isn't broken please for the love of god leave it alone!! I have had the good fortune to eat at and experience some really fine restaurants around the country. So it may suprise some that locally two chains never failed to bring me back again and again. Benihana was one of them. Sometimes I ate there 4 or 5 times a month. Imagine my disappointment when twice I order my ""go to"" chicken and shrimp only to find shrimp is now colossal shrimp that had the consistency of shoe leather and mushrooms apparently don't apply. Service consisted of being scorned by an older Asian lady and told ""it will be a while"" to get my order corrected because they are busy! Then while I wait at the bar I ask about my favorite bartender I'm told oh they fired is ass! Truly more info than I needed! Especially from the new bartender with no personality that took forever (I was alone empty bar) to serve me my ten dollar gin and tonic. Looks like I'll be sampling one of the many Japanese steak houses not called benihana in the future. W h at a shame. How can someone take a restaurant that was so good and ruin it so fast? It really must take some effort. I just hate to see it. I used to love this place." To top it off our server was uncaring and disinterested.  This will be our last trip here as there are now much better options.  It's too bad a once gold standard restaurant is not any longer."  Beni fried rice is phenom and I always get an extra side to take home. Its worth the extra $$ and it re-heats perfectly."  and 2 people at our table didn't receive what they ordered. When it was time for checks the waitress became standoff - ish with us telling us that someone needed to pay for the food that wasn't received because she has nothing to do with the chefs. We requested the manager and explained that our chicken was undercooked. He actually ate the chicken off of a plate and told us it was fine! !!! At the end of it all  awesome hibachi food without the table of strangers and able to have a conversation while we ate. Our waiter was seriously the best. He took extra special care of us and really just made our night. So my suggestion I am not commenting on our chef cook because I could tell he was new and not well trained." But I feel like the atmosphere has changed drastically. I miss that authentic feel."  the server was the bartender and our server during happy hour! How is that a good idea? The presentation of the food was awful. Compared to other restaurants this is my least favorite." This is the worst hibachi restaurant in Pittsburgh. The service was very slow and the food was not good for the price that is charged. The food was cold and everything was flavorless. The salad and steak sauce tasted like cleaner. The chicken was also extremely dry. Nakama or ichiban are way better choices in Pittsburgh. Love Benihana! Loved my experience there. Had a great hibachi chef with yummy rolls to accompany my meal. All my friends had a great experience too. We capped off dinner with green tea ice cream - unique and delightful. "This is place is no longer what it used to be. We went LATE on a Tuesday night and they said that they couldn't seat us for 30 minutes unless we wanted to sit at the bar even though it looked as though plenty of tables were open. We sat at the bar and looked at a menu as we just wanted to order sushi anyway. Both the drinks and the sushi were astronomical in price. Also  my brother has since been back to Pittsburgh for a visit and did get to have his first Hibachi at Saga in Robinson. They were wonderful Dirty place and horrible service. Disappointed because it use to be good but now it's crappy "This place has been mine and my family's favorite restaurant since it was the Samurai back in the 90s. Over the past 20 years or so that we've been coming here  should not be working in any industry that has anything to do with customer service in my personal opinion."  it's the best bang for your buck for sushi. what more could you ask for." I used to come here every Sunday after church and order his special not on the menu rolls. Those are awesome.  They are really fresh and flavorful." I used to work in the strip and would often walk down to Wholly's just to get sushi and talk to Andy."  and I really mean he's a great guy beyond the generosity with the fish. Today he temporarily stopped service to help a little girl find her mother."  I tossed it and walked out There is also a decent sized dining room upstairs (paper covered tables) that you can eat in if you don't want to take the food to go." andy is the best -- hands-down."  it's all reasonably priced.  It's just great to have this stand in the middle of the fish market to grab some quick sushi from a very friendly face!" I'm too annoyed right now to make any funny comments." This place was a great lunch venue.  I had the 9 pc with the Maki.  I'm a big eater and its all I could do to finish it.  The fish is fresh Andy is a great guy who has been doing this for 20 years.  He actualy gives you samples as he makes your order.  If you like Sushi and your in Pittsburgh you have to stop by for lunch. I think I'm going to have to defend Sushi a la Andy against the folks looking for 'traditional sushi' in a sit down sushi bar.  You ain't gonna find it here.  And if that's the limit on your sushi palate Wholeys is such a fantastic people watching spot anyway and it's always amusing to see random people of all ages genders sizes walk in and yell ""ANDY""!"  but to me it's just not worth it.  Penn Ave IS right down the street...and I PROMISE you'll love their fresh and delicious sushi!"  definitely not fresh.  I actually spit it out in my napkin upon first bite.  The portions are large  but standing it line waiting for Andy to roll up some fish and rice while heckling other patrons is hilarious and entertaining. We always stop in when we are visiting the Strip District (only a couple times a year) and get a roll with a side of laughs." Andy's is a great place to stop if you're out and about and want some cheap sushi to-go. Everything I've had there has been great  and is easily the most charismatic sushi chef in the city. Cool environment and great sushi. What more do you need. Is Penn Fish better Go see Andy for some great sushi and sashimi."  friendly and sassy personality that makes waiting in the long line to get your sushi more entertaining.  The rolls are relatively large with good portions of fish.  The only drawback is that he doesn't always follow the ingredients in the menu precisely (I got avocado instead of scallion and he put some mysterious sauce on it that was not on the menu).  I'm not that picky and liked it anyway but people who are more particular might be turned off by this." "I swear Andy remembers every customer he ever had.  I only get to visit him a couple times a year but he always asks how my family is and tells me to say hello to them for him.  He always gives me a snack while I am in line as well.  I place pretty big orders and leave a generous tip  and serves up the best sushi in the burg!  Don't miss!"  but in a way that is good because I always felt that sushi was very fresh with lots of turnover.  The prices are excellent and Andy is hysterical.  I wish I could eat here more."  fresh fish is a dream and the presentation is a plus.  Plus Andy is not shy about handing out free sushi while he prepares plates. He loads up the hot sauces an makes it fun. I recommend this the next time you visit the strip."  the rolls here are sloppy. Not only did it fall apart very quickly (and was about 4 times too large to eat: a piece of sushi should be able to be comfortably eaten in one bite) I would go back to Pittsburg just to get sushi from Andys."  which is itself an awesome store of fresh seafood. The sushi rolls here are the BIGGEST I have ever seen! We've been twice as we are addicted to the Salmon and Mango roll. One roll ~ 3 rolls anywhere else and the fish is so fresh and clean. Andy also makes waiting fun and is always handing out samples. If you make it to the Strip District and like Sushi  so even though I wasn't hungry and it was only 11am I decided I had to try it. The best part of the experience was the guy making the sushi- he was hilarious and entertaining us while we waited for our rolls. We wolfed down our order in the casual eating area upstairs. Had what I look for in a roll- Good quality fish and rice at just the right temperature and stickiness. Yum!"  and often bring out of town guests to his stand to enjoy his rolls. I've never felt like the sushi wasn't fresh  huge portions and very reasonable pricing. And yeah  the eat way to enjoy his sushi is by getting a platter.  He invests a lot of effort and flavor in making a party sized platter of sushi. Reasonably priced for the quality of fish  and made at an astonishingly rapid pace. Part of the fun is interacting with Andy and watching him craft the sushi; he manages to talk and work doing both at a rapid pace. There's seating in the back of Wholey's for once you've ordered." "Really really really great sushi. Andy is really awesome and it shows in his unique concoctions. It's easy to see why he has such great reviews. One previous review complained bc his roll fell apart Overall though I would recommend it!" "Andy is great!  Love the sushi and always enjoy getting to talk to him in the off moments where he is not super busy. Seriously  Andy will mostly likely give you a slice of a freshly made roll. Introverts who are nervous about engaging with the notoriously outgoing Andy need not be worried. Andy will be happy to talk at you while you politely smile!"  you will enjoy it. If you love sushi  the interaction with Andy really makes it!" Great spot for a date!! And Best Sushi this side of the missisip!!"  I never can remember) on Beverly Road."  but you also do not leave smelling like your food.  I would suggest filet hibachi.  lunch is a great deal $10 for full hibachi plate. restaurant is very clean" What you wont find here:  A trendy atmosphere like Nakama ( I picked Nakama because it is also so popular in PGH)  but I think my early experiences with massive-sushi-overload helped refine my tastebuds and make me the sushi snob I am today.  Oh yeah Great sushi bar. The staff and owner are extremely attentive. Great presentation. Decent price too. And I got to sit next to Mario Lemeuix at lunch a couple weeks ago! But they have a great interior and place" Awesome sushi. Nigiri sushi here is a must-try. mPlWLIA4pkHMRtlQDm6UyQ  too.  Our waitress was very friendly I should also mention that they have the most amazing fried ice cream...ever...even better than Chi Chi's fried ice cream (for those who remember).  People it's seriously that good!" "Love Little Tokyo. Dedicated customers keep the place full all week long and on the weekends. If cleanliness is important to you  lovely atmosphere and super food....will be revisiting!" Best fresh sushi in town. Their prices are great and the service is good. They also own the Little Tokyo in South Side and both places are awesome.  but not great...I am spoiled when it comes to ginger dressing & this was not my favorite ginger dressing. The spicy tuna was fabulous! I got 3 pieces of Ika. They were good  never go away hungry....." One of the best sushi in town! Plus they are nice enough to let us separate the bills (and fulfill all our picky request) Thanks for being in Mt. Lebanon Little Tokyo. Might have had to move back to San Francisco otherwise!"  and since we live in Lebo it's convenient. Service is always very friendly. I personally do not like their miso soup but everyone else in my family does. Veggie sushi is very good. They will also do a vegetarian hibachi entree that's not on the menu  so I have 2 words for the non-sushi eater: Hibachi chicken! Dip it in that yummy shrimp sauce!" Nice lunch prices too!!"   this is not Japanese food. The food is ok but it is really more or less Chinese food. The soups taste Chinese and lack the umami quality because they are not hon-dashi based. The rice used for the sushi is totally incorrect long grain rice  will def. come back if I'm in town for work again!"  stylish atmosphere and excellent sushi. The discovery roll is fantastic!"  service and decor alone but the one chef did something so amazing for me that I added on an extra star. I requested a roll that wasn't on the menu and it took a lot persuading (our waitress) to bring the idea to the chef. Our waitress explained to the chef would I asked for and she said that he will try his best. All I have wanted since moving to this area is a delicious avocado and inari roll. And that is exactly what I got. I no longer worry about sushi in this area." The service was good.  That's the justification for the 2 stars.  Otherwise  and still seamlessly waited on our table; she was just so personable.  She got the largest (percentage) tip I've ever left and she deserved every cent.  She really made the experience special for us.  I would not give a second's hesitation to going back to Little Tokyo." Get the fried ice cream  get this for your house as I have tried several different bottled brands in the grocery store and none have that distinct quality that is found in a ginger dressing from a hibachi place.Our total bill with tax was $66 Nice light and open restaurant with two dining areas and a long sushi bar.  It was crowded with many families and a few singles at the sushi bar.  Ordered several different sushi rolls and was not disappointed....fresh and presentation was good.  Our server was very attentive and helpful.  She and others stopped by to check on us and refill our drinks. "Little Tokyo is simply the best fish in the city.  We've tried all the competitors  I finally crossed Uni off my bucket list here.  I encourage those who have not tried it to do so sometime The sushi was very good. The atmosphere was simple and charming. Look no further (and skip the craziness and mediocrity of Nakama) and go to LT.  Just don't take our spot at the sushi bar!"  this place has the best sushi in the city and in a charming location in downtown Mt Lebanon." mPlWLIA4pkHMRtlQDm6UyQ Will definitely go back again but only for the sushi and the sashimi" "This restaurant gets my vote for best sushi in Pittsburgh! The first date roll is our absolute favorite. The owners and staff are so friendly and welcoming. It's always a great experience dining there. They also have THE best ginger dressing! It's a great place to go with friends "Craving sushi? Then this is the place to go. It's well worth the drive to Mt. Lebanon. I wouldn't be surprised to find out that the fish was flown in multiple times a day.  It's always so fresh. The sushi gets 5 stars.The staff is also incredible. The owner goes out of his way to walk around and check on tables. It is very clear that he wants every guest to have an enjoyable dining experience. However  but my Nabeyaki Udon had a really odd flavor that didn't sit well with me. The place also smelled like fish 4 of 5 stars probably second only to Umi in Pittsburgh for flavor" Chopsticks down the best sushi in the burgh.  Consistently good. "This is now my favorite sushi restaurant in the Pittsburgh area and it is worth the drive to Mt Lebanon.  The staff were so super friendly at this family run place and provided excellent service. The owners were a nice couple that both stopped by to make sure we were happy  we were seated! The sushi are always so good and fresh. This is the restaurant where I first tried fried ice cream too! Yum!" KR7R5PrrbMsLMsNcntHvAA  a hefty price but that's the point of sushi -- a celebratory food you have maybe once or twice a year." "Love their sushi here. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. There is on street parking  and beautifully prepared. The miso soup and salad are also very good. I am greeted each time immediately upon opening the front door with a smile and seated promptly. Sometimes the servers get busy  this is probably the worst sushi I have had in a very long time. There are no descriptions for any of the rolls. They do not offer low sodium soy sauce. The wait for 3 rolls and 4 pieces of sashimi took over 25 minutes. Now for the food "If you want fresh sushi sashimi this is the place to go.. The owners hand select their fish on a regular basis only receiving the best quality throughout the world. This place has an extremely high turn over rate ensuring that the fish you are eating is some of the same quality you would find in most NYC Restaurants without the NYC price tag.. FYI- make sure you try the ginger dressing and the spicy tuna "We have going to Frank's for years and have come to the conclusion it is the best in Pittsburgh. We love The only suggestion I have is to include explanations of each sushi roll for the customer Best sushi in town. Try the spicy scallop in seaweed.  Great service. Don't get intimidated by the sushi menu. Your server will guide you if you ask.  the sushi is very good and the pricing is very reasonable considering the quality of sushi. The inside is nice too. The only reason it isn't my number one place for sushi Since we went there for sushi and the sushi was great we can't really complain."  but they offered their full menu.  We got the Maki Combo Deluxe and the Maki Combo regular.  We asked the waitress if the Deluxe was large enough to split and she didn't think it was.  We (two petite women) had WAY too much food and took a full serving home from the two platters.  The miso soup was superior Best spicy tuna that I've ever had.......because it's actually spicy and without the spicy (American) mayo. Second best sushi in Pittsburgh after Umi. Great uni and eel. Would recommend the sushi and sashimi over other dishes here. Wonderful sushi and decent pricing. One of my favorite places to go! The ambiance is very nice and the food is absolutely fantastic. I'd love to go again!  they deserve one star because they do have ONE amazing thing there.  Their Ginger dressing is unbelievable.  They sell it in tubs too because it is so good (only four bucks too "Best sushi in Pittsburgh by far.  I've lived in Atlanta and New York City.  Hands down. Frank Lin runs a very appealing business with consistancy.  After 5 years of loyal returning service  rankest caviar on top.  I couldn't eat it.  Service was lovely and ambiance great.  I'll be back but will be sure to request ""no caviar"" on anything!!!" "My girlfriend and I frequent this place as often as we can. Best sushi around by far. Lunch prices are awesome but you get their dinner quality of food. Favorites are probably black marlin  greeter and server were very friendly and I was actually in a hurry and it wasn't a problem at all. The quality was great. Only wish they had brown rice as an option for sushi. Would 100% come back again!! So excited for my next visit :) I got the spicy tuna hand roll and seaweed salad. It was amazing. Better than sushi too or beni chopsticks." For the food quality and attention to detail the prices are also extremely reasonable." "we have dined here probably 10 times over the years.  It's always a great experience!  I'm talking consistently good EVERY time.  Great sushi choices Must have been an off night for everyone."  Hot Tea and sometimes Yakitori.  Best atmosphere with a little Frank Sinatra & Frank Lin's presence.  Great time- great date spot!"  but this just seemed better. Hard to find a soft shell crab roll that the tempura is done well. This place does."  then you must try this place. By far the best ever sushi in Pittsburgh . The waitresses are so friendly . The environment so elegant Very nice sushi in Mt. Lebanon.  Service was prompt and friendly.  We enjoyed three not too expensive rolls--they have some great specialty rolls that are spendy (but worth the price!)--and had a great marinated beef and veggies dish.  The portions were satisfying and the bill was modest.  One of my favorite sushi places around.  didn't have a good experience and food was salty for my taste. : " The waitress was slow and had to be asked for refills on our hot tea.  The whole meal took almost an hour and a half and cost $75.00 tip included.  Not worth the price I gauge a good meal by my level of desire to return.  I will visit Little Tokyo for the level 4 food...and level 5 smile they paint on my face!"  but that didn't change anything for the service. It was still slow with everything from the drinks to the food to the bill. We ended up being late to our event "We had a reservation for the evening. A group was sat without the reservation ahead of us. We were 10 minutes early....and were unfortunately ignored at the door from the time we walked in. No buzzer for you. Afrer 15 minutes we asked how much longer and were told two minutes. Another 15 minutes went bye and we were still standing without a buzzer while others were sat. No apologies or consideration was given. We have given them years of business and was always underwhelmed with the service. The sushi is mediocre but had previously been the only sushi bar in the South Hills. This is no loner the case. I would implore you to try elae where. Jade Grill a block away  which is a sure- fire sign of a good restaurant. He is very loyal to customers to boot."   the staff are very attentive."  all of which was very enjoyable. Soups and seaweed salad was good. And they even made a special chicken and rice meal for my daughter. Pretty good  as I have a seafood allergy that are not prepared for this. We had to argue for them to cook the food separately. And they did not want to do it. The food is always good  but I did like the ""First Date"" roll. They also have a good selection of wines to coose from ... not just both types.... red or white. The price is decent for sushi (50-60 for two) so if that is too much I would suggest Giant Eagle Marketplace for budget sushi .... just remember that with budget sushi comes budget digestion." I personally love Little Tokyo. Sushi is always fresh and delicious. Hibachi fantastic. This where we we went after new home closing. and we often take out of town gusts. Frank and his staff are very friendly and accommodating. first date roll with soy paper is a must  also gotta try the black marlin it melts in your mouth The first date roll is a must for me every visit. Good sushi and usually good service.  the service is always great and attentive and the prices are fair for the food and service. This is a great place to head out for a girls night  but our last meal was fantastic. The quality and freshness of the tuna and yellow tail that we had from the sushi bar was as good as I've had anywhere. The service was also engaging and timely. Well done Little Tokyo!!"   it was a good experience." If you're a low-carb dieter there is a sushi roll made without any rice! I believe it is called the Dean roll & has a lot of avocado. This is still my favorite sushi place in Pittsburgh after living here two years. I've never had a bad meal here and the wait staff is great." Everything was so delicious ! And perfect portions . left very satisfied ! Left a good tip for sure ! "I've live in PGH for two years now and this place has the freshest sushi around! Try the Black Marlin when you go there  period. Run by by Chinese folks serving glorified Chinese food." I went on a Saturday night when the restaurant was completely full with a wait list. We only had to wait about 20 minutes and they were true to their wait prediction. Everything was delicious and came out in a timely manner. We started off with the spicy tuna roll for an appetizer and I got the chicken hibachi for dinner. This place never disappoints. If you like sushi you'll love Little Tokyo.  you can't go wrong with this place!"  temperature and options of the fish are extremely vital in finding a place that serves it. I won't eat sashimi anywhere else. I've been coming here for almost 15 years now. The staff is like family now."  tuna and salmon are delicious. The portions are perfect. The fish is nicely sliced and rice is sticky enough to hold its shape when picked up with the chopsticks. I like this attention to detail. The fish is fantastic the rice is a good consistency because you need both pieces of the puzzle in order to get the perfect fit of fish to rice Best sushi I have had in ages! Beats Nakama and Saga! Also the Sansai Udon Bowl was amazing! The noodle texture was dead on! Everyone at the table was trying them! "Little Tokyo in the Southside is my absolute favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Always consistently delicious and the service is fantastic. It is set up so the sushi chefs greet you on the way in. The manager hostess? always is very welcoming and friendly. I haven't gotten anything besides sushi  and they were all tasty and extremely flavorful. Although I didn't particularly care for the texture of the eel roll (probably because I'm not a big fan of eel..)  just squeeze lemon on them. Don't ruin them by dipping it in soy. Frank is very hands on. He's always there and talks to his patrons as he walks around. You won't be disappointed. Take it from me. I've been going there for about 15 years now. I went before he even had a liquor license." The warm towel is a nice touch and I really appreciate it!"  and maki are all excellent.  The freshness and options of the fish are hard to beat else where. The staff are friendly and attentive  but nothing to go out of my way for." Hands down favorite sushi spot in Pittsburgh AND its right down the street from me. I've searched and tried other sushi restaurants around the area to see if there was anything better but nowhere else in my book compares. I won't go anywhere else now haha. Best sushi I have had in Pittsburgh. Not fancy or anything but their sushi is fresh and tastes good. That's all that really matters to me when it comes to sushi. Service is ok and it can take some time to get your food.  this is by far my favorite of the resturants on Washington Rd. The sushi is great.  The entrees are great. The staff is very nice and attentive. Can't say enough good things about this resturant."  was excited to see what looked at first glance to be authentic Japanese food.  It was ok.  I will say it is the best I've found here so far at least.  I probably won't return "This place is a favorite of my husband and his family. You can't go wrong with the sushi or hibachi. The sushi boat is spectacular. I just wish they'd bring back the Maki Regular Special on the menu. After visiting a few times "Little Tokyo is top of the line by Pittsburgh sushi standards. The fish is very fresh and the specialty rolls are created with skill and precision. Nothing is drowning in disgusting mayo or cream cheese "I've been coming here since I started high school in Mt. Lebanon and have never had a bad experience. I trust this place wholeheartedly when it comes to the quality. All of the fish is fresh  but I don't like having to always drive into the city for decent sushi.  I recently discovered this place just a couple of miles from my house located in the suburbs.  I've tried it twice now.  The first time I was a little nervous about trying the sushi... again "This has always been my favorite Chinese Restaurant in the Pgh area. Food is consistently very good - General Tso's is tender Only go here if you have a death wish or are a practicing masochist."  the food was wonderfully prepared. I consider Tai Pei one of my favorite spots!"  as there are so many places that serve sub par food.  This is not one of them.  I will definitely be going back."  tasting the same. But the place ok for a one time trial. The waiter barked back his responses but I think my kids spoke softly so I let it slide. The worst part are the prices. Never have I paid $2.5  one oily spring roll tasting below average or $2.5 for a Pepsi! are you kidding me. Then rice noodles with three pieces of chicken for $14  every aspect (besides our weird waiter) was great.  My food tasted very fresh  but it's no more expensive than going to China Palace in Shadyside (one of my favorites)."  and they use massive amounts of MSG. I got terrible MSG poisoning from Tai Pei and ever since then Consistently excellent.  I enjoy their sushi and know when I get a chicken dish I don't have to guess if it is eatable always good white meat.   I typically do take out and it is well worth the drive I used to go here as a child. I remember the sushi was always good. Maybe that is the thing to order!" "Went for a late lunch.  We were seated right away.  We had sushi which was very fresh and delicious; Basil Chicken was mildly spicy but very flavorful. As an appetizer we did have the vegetable steamed dumplings which were very tasty and full of vegetables but we both thought the dumpling dough was a bit thick  but I felt like the food was just ""okay.""  Nothing to brag boast about.  Prices are fair.  Maybe so many groupons because not enough people are raving about it?" "Most dishes on the menu are American style Chinese food. Not a bad choice if you just want to have a quick bite at lunch time. I felt that the food there is a little pricier than it should be. Aside from these I do recommend their basil chicken Will definitely be back." "Excellent Chinese food.   Every time we have ordered take out from here Good food.  Quick delivery.  *CAUTION*  The $2.00 delivery charge is not listed on the menu.  SURPRISE...It's listed on your bill.  *CAUTION*   A tad pricey.  Oh yeah..I live in Pittsburgh now... But besides that we decided to go for two sushi rolls. The first was the lobster roll which was delicious! And the portion size was big. Second was the Figu or Fugi roll with crab and tuna! The crab salad they served on the side was fantastic was our favorite thing of the meal! Most definitely would recommend the sushi as for the other dishes not sure of but everyone in the place was raving about their rolls..."  and couldn't make up her mind about getting a f&^%ing iphone 5....i know all this because she wasn't shy about letting everyone in the restaurant hear her  but still had a kick to it. Nothing was over priced and we weren't waiting forever for delivery. Will definitely visit the restaurant in the future!"  and plenty of their other dishes. The atmosphere is also great and the service is very friendly. I would definitely recommend Taipei if you're craving Chinese and sushi."  defying the owners' claim of ""no msg.""  The sauces were unnecessarily thick --- have they not figured out that Americans have moved far beyond old-style gelatinous Asian cuisine  but our home is clearly marked and we've never had problems before). I handed her the money and told her I wasn't giving her a tip then and she LOST IT. I closed the door and she walked away. What in the actual heck? You guys lost a customer forever and I'll never recommend you to anyone. That was insanely rude." The best place in town for Asian cuisine & sushi. A little nicer than typical sushi places. A must place for me to eat when I'm home from college. "I was really excited to try the food here but unfortunately when I called to order the employee was rude right off the bat. When I asked about their vegan options  but not it is just a subpar Chinese restaurant.  Food is just meh....from the Hot and Sour soup to the General Tso's."  it's probably the worst I've ever had. Ordered delivery and the food came hot and the prices are a lot higher than other places. I expected at least decent and I was extremely disappointed. This place barely uses any flavor other than salt and msg. The meat is low quality... Ugh there's just nothing good to say about this place. It was terrible and I heard that this place was shut down temporarily because of some complaints about food poisoning. Unfortunately I heard after I ordered. I implore people to try somewhere else. This place is nearly inedible."  but the portion sizes are huge. This makes the prices a bit more bearable because you're getting a lunch and dinner out of the meal. I'm just not that excited for my lunch. There's not much left to say. Maybe we will go back to try the sushi? We will see!" "This was my first time at the restaurant in many years.  It is attractive and comfortable.  The staff is friendly and the service was efficient.  My General Tso's tofu was tasty This place has been going steadily downhill for the past 5 years or so.  I will not order anything from this place ever again.  Go to Sesame Inn in North Hills and other locations.  At least they are consistently good."  not choice of soup AND egg roll. Ended up not mattering as the hot and sour soup was the best I've had in years. Then when my orange chicken was served I was dold. The sauce was sweet  quantity of meat vs. veggie ratio in dishes. They are cheaping out because they can afford to. The 15238 zipcode ensures their continued success because wealthy SAHMs will be going to their private pilates class and leave the nanny with 80$ to get Chinese delivered. Everything is a la carte. I'm not sure its all made in-house anymore. Since new management several years ago The basil chicken is the best I've ever had In Pittsburgh! They also have fabulous sushi too!!!  not at all greasy.  My main course was Hunan shrimp which I requested extra spicy. It was very good with plenty of large shrimp.  I would definitely go back and recommend to others." They always know my name - when I walk in it's ""Hi Jessica"" - whether i am eating there or getting take out.  The staff is always super friendly.  I go out of my way to go get take out from them because I like it - THAT MUCH.  Give them a chance  but it had the texture of fat. Makes me queasy just typing it and thinking about it. It. Was. Awful! Never again." "Food is adequate but service leaves something to be desired. Had a reservation for 14 people made well in advance and when we arrived on time no arrangements had been made by staff. After a lengthy wait we ended up sitting at separate tables. No quality checks performed by our server or management and our server was unable to answer very basic questions about the Japanese beers bring offered. When your beer list consists of less than 10 beers  especially their lunch special which also comes with soup or an egg roll. I love the fried noodle chips they serve before ordering. Everyone I've brought with me has always loved it as well!" "The order was timely and the food was good. I have had better sushi "The Chinese food and sushi always tastes amazing but I do have a few complaints about the staff. The lady who usually answers the phone to do delivery calls is very rude and makes me not want to order from them. The other lady who delivers the food is VERY strange but she means well. Sometimes she iss on the phone  VERY EXPENSIVE! Total for the above was $24! Beware of the delivery guy who will try to scam you for a bigger tip! I gave him $30 for the $24 order and asked for $2 back (which would give him a generous $4 tip in addition to the $2 ""deliver fee""). He claimed he didn't have any one dollar bills. (Dude  when I go to restaurant I'm looking for good food to back that up. Not sure we will be back."  as the options around the office park can be slim... so we decided to switch it up from our regular Chinese restaurant delivery and give Tai Pei a try.  I think we've found a new favorite!  The first thing I noticed was how polite the girl on the phone was when taking our large order. When I called back 30 minutes later because I forgot to tell her we had a coupon for a free appetizer  yet. We both decided on the hibachi chicken which came with so much food it was hard to eat it all. And the price was so low it was perfect. The vegetables and meat were cooked great and the taste was just right. My wife is extremely picky about vegetables and she ate them all. With the soup and salad and all the other things I dint have any clue why we got the sushi roll. I'm very impressed with this place and will definitely be coming back. Now for the long wait until next time." I would definitely return when I visit Charlotte again." I've been looking for good sushi in Charlotte and have not been able to find it too often. Today  they were all very good & fresh tasting. Sorry I don't remember the name of them. But for the most part I would definitely  recommend this place to my friends. I plan on going back. I will write another review on my dine in experience." There is a same restaurant under the exact address listed under sushiya japan. This is a duplicate.  but was not impressed otherwise and will stick to my other favorites."  the meat was not the normal cheap and fatty stringy meat you see at many Korean restaurants but were tender and chunky high quality beef with a great but not too spicy marinade that went far for taste yet was still very hearty and savory.  The vegetable Tempura appetizer was very crispy and not greasy with great flavor.  Again What a gem for the Arboretum neighborhood!" Very tasty!  We always get the vegetable tempora because its hard to find good vegetable tempora.  It really is outstanding!  The house made ginger sauce on the salad is amazing as well!  Sometimes the service is a little... non existant.  Had to wait a while to get the check. They brought boxes and we waited about 15 minutes after that for the check. There were only 2 other customers in the restaurant.  but the sushi is amazing!  Every roll I had was incredible and fresh.  Definitely my new go to for take out in the area." The only thing I'm sad about is that it's far from where I live. Regardless I will deff be returning here abs will possibly drag some friends here as well" It's Friday night. Staff appropriately Food is amazing.  Restaurant is clean and the atmosphere is relaxed.  I got the bento box with hibachi chicken.  So much food for the price! "Our favorite sushi restaurant got shutdown for a no compete policy. We tried this place in hopes that it'd be a good replacement. Our expectations were exceeded! The sushi was very fresh and looked as beautiful as the quality. We received our five rolls in under 15 minutes! That's very quick for Saturday night at 7pm! The server was very friendly and not overbearing. It would've been better if she understood English a little better. The atmosphere was casual and not very busy although I think the rain kept folks inside. Overall  but no soup change.   This makes no sense - onion and miso soup are the same price on the menu.  Good luck getting keeping customers with this rationale.  The place was empty when we got there and when we left. ...no wonder.   One star because  zero wasn't an option."  all were utterly delicious.  Will be back again for sure!" I really fell in love with this place.  Friendly atmosphere family owned restaurant was awesome. The pricing is average for Japanese food. I would recommend this place. The staff was so welcoming and I learned so much about their history I have only ever had great service there and love how friendly they are..."  we loved the playboy roll and the girls night out roll. Can't wait to try the bento boxes. Service was excellent too."  they had the best Bulgogi I've ever had. I think this is my new favorite place in Charlotte!" Somehow a random stop for dinner quickly became a favorite spot! Will be back many times!" "I have been coming here for a few years and really love their menu.  I love their Spicy Beef Bulgogi bento box.  I also adore their rolls from the dynamite rolls to the flashy playboy roll.  Even my picky youngest loves their ""plain"" rolls. (plain nori with rice roll)  Definitely recommend this place!"  their Halloween Specialty roll and the Rainbow roll (not pictured).  The presentation was beautiful and the taste was excellent.  If someone in your party is not a fan of sushi or if they are allergic to fish the menu is quite extensive and seems to have something that will please everyone.  We cannot wait to go back and I am looking forward to bringing out of town guests.  Thank you Sushiya for a delicious evening!"  however wonderfully surprised by the food at this incredible gem of a restaurant. A friendly wait staff and excellent Sushi Chef made for a most enjoyable and delicious dinner experience. I will definitely be visiting this wonderful restaurant again!" My favorite place to come on my lunch break! I always try a new fried sushi  because I'm not a huge fan of the raw kind..but I have loved everything I've tried! The service is speedy and good..nice chill atmosphere around lunch time!  it was delicious! I would've given them 5 stars if not for the higher price tag. Been to places just as good (if not better) that were not as steep. Still  the fried rice tasted very weird..kind of as if it was cooked with Wasabi. Only good thing we had from there was the gyoza (fried dumplings) and the customer service was very good. Oh and the sushi was not fresh and tasted gross. Nigiri sushi was not good at all and neither were the rolls. Really wanted to like this place but sadly never coming back :- ("  so glad we did. Everything was absolutely delicious! My daughter enjoyed her hibachi chicken. The miso soup was excellent. The gyoza was fantastic. The beef bulgogi was flavorful and the sushi was fresh and wonderfully prepared. Everything about our meal was fantastic including the service!  We will be back regularly." We had been looking for a new sushi place and this is it! Had a wonderful dinner with our family. Staff was friendly and attentive and sushi was extremely fresh. Will definitely be going back! Great good.  Very authentic food.  Atmosphere was clean and modern with Asian accented pieces.  Would definitely come back again.  laid back atmosphere.  Have a little TV set at bar that cycles through the specialty rolls for you to view.  I have been a patron for like 10 years now.  Money back guarantee if you don't absolutely love this place.  Gary"  and the waitress was very knowledgeable with the menu. We came in for lunch and I ordered the bulgogi. In my opinion  quick and very friendly. The food was delicious! We had 4 sushi rolls and loved each one. They are also very affordable compared to other sushi places near by. I can't wait to go back and try other items off their menu. They had a wide variety of items and they also deliver."  it took them 40 minutes to serve our food and the food was like warm at best.  The flavor was okay- probably would have been better if it was hotter.  Green tea served in cup with tea bag- not too authentic.  They asked how our food was and I mentioned that it was okay but Luke warm.  They just said thank you and walked away.  Disappointed- we will not be back."  Tempura Roll and Shrimp fried rice. The rice was just OK the other two entrees were excellent. Wife had the Panko Fish appetizer This is a family owned Japanese styled restaurant and it is simply delish. I'm there twice a mouth and never disappointed. The service is friendly and very accommodating. It isn't that big so in the evenings and on the weekends it can fill up quickly. Great for date night or family time. I'm a fan. The parking isn't bad but it is surrounded my other eateries so it can be a little confusing finding it. Great place This is our new go-to sushi place since one-u bit the dust and Osaka doesn't have shrimp tempura (it's just shrimp coated in panko breadcrumbs)."  and the sushi is fantastic. On another note; Bulgogi is not an easy dish to master and it's one of the best I've tasted. It's son the Providence side of the Arboretum so it's not easy to see unless your looking for it. Highly recommend it!" Had the sushiya roll which I didn't love. Tempura vegetable appetizer seemed small. Waitress started to irritate me with how many times she asked if we were done. Brought the check before we were even done eating. Felt really rushed to leave (Friday at 8:30pm). Left feeling disappointed and like I didn't ever want to come back.  the shrimp looked like it was just soaked in butter and the vegetables were extremely bland. The rice tasted like it was something you would get from a instant rice package. Did not taste like hibachi at all. & for the price and portion "Was busy so we were encouraged.  Meh.  The deep fried rolls were good - and some of sushi platter items were nice.  But some were not nice - like pull out of your mouth not nice.  Fine atmosphere for a suburb strip mall joint. Friendly staff.  Prices are high for what you get.  I mean if you're jonesing for sushi it will work - but don't get your hopes up.  The food we got at the price we paid wasn't worthy of 4 Yelp stars.  4 star staff "Yum! Close to home...check.  Not over crowded...check.  Great service... Check.  Good food... Check!  My husband and I decided to stop in for a quick lunch.  I'm so glad we did!  There was a bit of a lunch rush but the service didn't suffer because of it which was awesome.  My only negative which many may be okay with was the extensive 'fried sushi roll' options... I just don't understand it but hey they have other options.  I had the sashimi bowl which was delicious and complete with a quail egg on top.  Yum!  My husband enjoyed his fancy roll(the name escapes me) but all around it was good and I would return.  Okay I lied "I just had such a bad experience here. The employees were extremely rude  I'd eat the dish. I got uncomfortable with the waitress so I told another waitress about my situation. I thought everything was going to work out but the waitress returned and chastised me for not talking to her about it even though I did in the first place. Don't think I'll be coming back." -  Kabutos wasn't always bad.  I used to eat there every few months back in the 90's (before I moved away).  It's really gone downhill.  They now serve mostly rice and (now) noodles This resturant is right behind a highshool field so watch out if it is a game night parking can get crazy." To most establishments the art of service is lost  by far.  You can waste your money at all of the chi-chi I have to rate Kabuto on the level of all the other places in charlotte and surrounding and it certainly does not match up well at all . I did try their sushi and the teppanyaki. The sushi was basically grocery store level maybe even worse and the teppanyaki was overly salty. The quality of all there food simply was not there. They did put on a decent show though and I would recommend it for families with kids or if you live near by and do not want to travel to the other better places. Other than that they have similar prices to other places so it is a waste of your money.  its basically just cook in tons of butter. The meat were tasteless and dry and so were the veggies! They definately won't be getting my business again!!"  but different from any other Japanese steak house I've been to where they usually sing and give a complimentary dessert.  Oh well it was still a decent reasonably priced meal and the nephews love it so I'm sure we'll be back for her bday next year!"  Have fun.. take the kids too. It will be a good expierence for them." Arigato Kabuto's....... Arigato!!" Thanks for the quick and entertaining lunch service Another thing I should mention is that I got a 22oz Kirin that was past it's ""enjoy by"" date.  Not far enough where I wanted to fuss but I would probably will stick to more common beers there (you would think that would be common)." Kabuto is one of those places I can come once a year and be done with it. Average Japanese Steakhouse experience.  The service is friendly and the food is good but it's just not as amazing of an experience as it would seem. The bar drinks are not very innovative and are just sugary mixers and liquor. The kids do enjoy the 'spectacle' of the noise and cooking but once it's over everyone is just sitting there eating around a huge table. "Initial reaction upon walking in - in need of renovation.   I decided to stay as my daughter had never been to this type of restaurant.   Staff was very friendly (hostess That evening my son and I had some sushi as well and I will say the fish was VERY fresh. Had I known the chef was going to incinerate my entree Excellent food and service. The staff is very friendly and make you feel like home. I will recommend this please.  while the steak I ordered had a rancid taste.  When I complained the ""owner"" started raising her voice at me in front of my young daughter and three other family members screaming that she would not allow me to say the steak I had been served was spoiled.  There is a reason this restaurant is having to run specials on a large plastic sign out front  you shouldn't have to hurry them out of the door either. I don't like being rushed through my lunch so that you can have 2 or 3 hours to clean or do whatever you do before dinner. When 2:00p rolls around My suggestion? Go to the Nakato down the road."  (nicely) tell your chef what you need. The waitstaff are quick to respond to a request from the chef and they're usually a lot better at getting the attention of the runners." We declined being seated amongst the party in the large room and took one of the tables in the middle of the dining room.  The place was shabby and the floor was filthy.  I mean We enjoyed a nice dinner. My goddaughters and I love going here. The service and food were excellent. The chef accommodated one of us who needed gluten free and was very nice about it. Very nice evening!  which I am frugal enough to feel entitles me to a really great meal.  Kabuto was just okay though."  but not near us much as some other places that I have experienced.  We were there for Lunch and the prices were reasonable for the amount of food that we received.  However Food is great the only bad part of the experience is the hostess. My party of four called to make a reservation over the phone and they agreed to a certain time and when we arrived they said they didn't have our parties name written down. So we were forced to wait 20minutes until they made room for a simple party of four...soooo unprofessional Biggest disappointment after years of eating at Kabuto. We sat at the front table and ordered sushi. While the hibachi area was packed we did not anticipate a long wait for sushi.   The server took our order and never came back.  We ordered a few rolls and they slowly started coming after a 45 minute wait. The manager apologized but very insincerely. I believe he is a sushi chef and certainly lacks management skills. The final roll came 50 minutes after we first ordered and it was wrong not once but twice.  Very disappointed and will be hesitant to go back - at least on a Sunday night with an inexperienced staff. "I went here with a couple of friends a while ago and honestly everything was mediocre at best. For the price "Went there with my three children all under the age of 7 and our friends family with their children. The entertain was great for the kids and the chef was very interactive and engaged the children. There was a lot of yelling and shouting from other tables "When we came to Kabuto for lunch on Saturday we had in tow a couple of sad kids who had just been dealt a little bad news.  So we drove to one Japanese steak house for lunch; closed until 5:00.  Looking on our phones for a new place to go  rice and vegetables!!! Took some home!"  I do not like cream cheese in my sushi and had to ask for it without. The server took forever at first but was friendly; the sushi chefs were very nice and friendly as well. I probably won't come back to eat but it was ok to try at least once. I just know better sushi places. They had a crappy and small sake selection and their cheapest bottle was 18. I didn't even bother to get anything; I love sake and I always get it. Most of the time I can find something I like but they just had such a little selection of nothing good. Also I had to get a new soy sauce bowl. The one I had was dirty. I feel you should pay more attention to that. This place is ok. I don't know how the dinner part is but after my experience I have low expectations of it."  I recommend the spicy tuna rolls. Also if you're getting sushi and hibachi ask for children's it's practically the same as adults" Sushi is something you MUST have.... defy YUMMY and a delight to vegetarian. Visited that place several times! Early bird special - thumbs up! Wish I could rate this place twice. I'd give it two stars for lunch. Wasn't that impressed. Four stars for dinner. Fun atmosphere. Around five o clock is a good time to take kids for them to enjoy the dinner show. "Love this place! Cooks and servers are always friendly Service was the only disappointment today. It seems might be a little understaffed. I waited over 5mins for a refill on tea which I rarely let go that far. Other than that the food was delicious and chefs great. The only reason for the 4stars and not 5stars was the tea incident. I will have to try them again in a month or so to give an update."  the chefs are pretty cool too but the hostess is awful. The dark haired one took about ten minutes to come to the stand and then barked at me saying they were closed. I politely asked what time they closed and she said 9:30 in a tone like i was an idiot. Then she pointed to the clock that said 9:33. I was 3 minutes late P0aKJw8rb0DKLaGottHEAw  which was new to me. The noodles are actually pretty tasty. The shrimp are small in comparison to what you get at other Hibachi restaurants. Also all they cook in is Soy Sauce. No other sauce choices. Ot at least none have been offered to me. The manager that they always get when there is an issue and seats people from time to time  unfortunately the past few times have been horrible.. It's either a hit or miss with them. The chefs should all be trained to cook the same way but it seems as if some are lacking essential skills. The food has been bland with no seasoning or taste during the past few visits My family loves this place and so do I. It's always a good show and the food is delicious! My kids remember their first times here and it's always their pick for birthday dinners and special occasions. "Love the day I found out that Kabuto's had an excellent sushi bar - I go once a week or so - sometimes for take out and sometimes to sit in. they often have dine-in specials on sushi Tuesday to Thursday which we took advantage of today. Fresh Good experience at Kabuto. The food was delicious and the service was excellent. I always get the hibachi and my steak was cooked perfectly. I will definitely go back again. We came for her birthday.  The people were nice. Service was excellent   The food was good but a bit pricey.  Not bad for something different every once in awhile. "Amazing sushi and hibachi! The atmosphere is great! Staff is very friendly and provides exceptional service! Best restaurant in the city for birthdays  not even ordinary. Ginger dressing for salad tastes good and also the boss and volcano roll. Staff were not as attentive as other restaurants. Very pricey and they automatically add 18% gratuity with your bill." We will never go back here sadly. 4 adults and 3 kids and we all enjoyed our hibachi but All of the adults got sick after dinner that evening. We thought it was just the 2 of us until we talked to our friends the next morning who also spent all night in the restroom. Ugh  this is not the place. The steak was not seasoned and I had to ask for chop sticks. Good for kids "Our chef was great but our server forgot to turn grill on to prepare for the chef.  The waiter was then asking about checks and boxes "I went to Kabuto for sushi with a friend. Turns out Tuesdays in January sushi rolls are buy one get one half off- yay! I'm not a sushi expert in any sense  and they left out the soup appetizer! One of my favorite parts is always the soup or salad and its listed as coming with to go but I didn't get it and it wasn't worth going back. Other than that  bathroom has no heat...you can smell bleach while eating dinner."  we chose Kabuto for our holiday party. The staff took care of us start to finish and the food was great. I recommend the double NY strip.  Sushi roll for an app."  I make sure to go eat there at least once. The shows are so entertaining and the food is perfectly prepared. The sushi is always on point- the Volcano and Salad rolls are a must try. Can't wait to go back!"  then the guy was out to cook before I even to go my salad and he was not very entertaining to say the least. He had food flying all over the place. Then I ordered some mustard sauce and it was placed in front of me and 2 minutes later the guy came and took it way thinking it was the said and I could not catch him. The entire staff was hispanic Disappointed no Koi fish in pond to feed.  Sushi chef said they used all up for dinner that night." Our son was pleased and that's all that mattered."  fresh and really big.  It was a mouthful to eat a whole piece.  Plus I'm beginning to think it's kind of hard to mess up spider rolls  but it wasn't awkward or uncomfortable at all; everyone is so happy to be here.  You will be too."  as expected.  Nothing out of the ordinary; you know what you're getting into when you go to a Japanese steakhouse and we weren't disappointed.  I do recommend Nakato more than Kabuto I can keep going on and on about how great this place is. I will keep going back until they close! I do have to point out "This place is really nice and the staff were all very friendly.  We stuck to the sushi bar side and everything looked and tasted very fresh.  While I stuck to my regular standards  and the chef was on top of it the whole night.  If you are in the university area and are looking for a really nice Japanese hibachi grill Take your friends here if you wanna impress them with one of Charlotte's finest!  hands down 5 stars!  Can I throw in a comet!  Cuz this place is outta dis world!  :))"  but otherwise it was exactly what I was looking for. Next time I'm craving 100 pounds of food and some mild entertainment  so much food...can you say leftovers! As we got up to left I said to the table ""nice shoveling with all of you"". Not far from the truth...ha! So good!"  but much better than the run down Kabuto on Pineville Matthews. The prices were in line with most hibachi places  they also WILL NOT put you at a partially-full table if the people at that table have already ordered. I asked once and got a vague explanation somewhere along the lines of ""we really want it to be a family-like shared experience don't want the chef cooking for latecomers while other are already eating"". So if you really mind being a party of 2-3 and sitting at a table designed for 8 It's ok. A bit pricey for what you get. Chef hardly spoke. "On my way to a movie in Concord and I was craving some sushi....I thought of Nakato I had been once before for lunch and remember it being pretty good.  I've never eaten the hibachi - but they have a decent sushi bar veggies and sauces. Great atmosphere and very authentic Japanese style building. Great decor and try to get a table in their traditional Japanese style seating. Not recommended for dinner after special hours. Over priced and sushi is OK."  $11.95. Ichiban! DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYTHING ELSE AFTER 6PM." I really enjoyed the hibachi but have not got the chance to try there sushi yet. They are fast and the food is great. The cook was friendly and my meal was great and everything id expect from a hibachi restraunt. Its a little pricey but all kinds of places this style usually are but all in all its a good eat We stopped here last week to try the sushi. Nice atmosphere and the staff was friendly. We ordered a special of the day roll that we cant remember the name of and also a rock-n-roll. The rolls were fresh and good. An average place for sushi. We rate it A-Ok... The staff was friendly when you first enter this grand looking restaurant with hibachi grills on both side and a bar and waiting area in the middle. The sushi bar with a few tables is to the back of the restaurant. There were only two servers this Sunday night so the service was slower than usual. I have decided that there are too many other choices in Charlotte for sushi so I will not be back anytime soon." This restaurant is definitely a place to go for special dinners and occasions. The restaurant is very clean and spacious. Well worth the money and experience to try out sushi and hibachi."  it's a good place for some light entertainment with your meal."  and I love the variety of special rolls.   I have never had a bad experience here.  The staff are fantastic as well.  This is the place to go if you're in the University area!"  and a reasonable price.  Hence 5 stars."  this would be a great place to take a date! Sit in the sushi bar if you want a more intimate "This place is great.  My wife and I went there for our anniversary and it was delicious.  We had a sushi roll (don't remember which one) but it was very good.  We also had the hibachi dinner...I had chicken and steak  glad I did.  This is some of the best sushi I have had in Charlotte.  The overall restaurant is very nice and relaxing love it here! esp the early bird special chicken and steak if you are there before 6pm!  Nakato. Charge extra for fried rice that's bland  always consistent.  Come with a group and we are located in various places around the US so we are comparing it to what we like in our respective cities.  All agree that this matches up to our local favorites and is definitely the best place for Sushi in this part of town." 1PSnPPFVfp03iPfJRPWWQw "I enjoyed our meal here. I'm a big fan of the teppanyaki experience 1PSnPPFVfp03iPfJRPWWQw "The early bird special is the way to go.. The wife ordered the veggie dinner as well.. Despite earlier post i read it was plenty!! Of food.. The waitress was top notch and the decor is one of the nicest ive observed.. Only reason its not a 5 star is our bill was still 40 for two of us with drinks  the salmon was not good. It fell apart and had bones in it. I first ordered salmon sashimi and then got salmon nigiri instead. I also got the Crunchy roll and it was soft...not crunchy. Overall The rolls were as well nothing exiting average again someone said something about pricing and it is right 38$ is not ever age... Would I go again!? I might but will look for different places as well..."  along with gyoza appetizer and some fried rice. The sushi was very fresh and flavorful (I had a Carolina roll as well as a spicy tuna roll We had a great time and we will be back."  it seemed harder to get a hold of the waitresses. I do appreciate them turning on the channel for the A's Tigers game for my avid A's fan coworker." I've been eating Sushi for 23 years and they serve the worst sushi I've ever had!!!!! The service was bad as well! The Sushi was served very fast because no one was ordering it!! I wish someone told me it would be the biggest waste of 120.00 I've ever spent!!! I'll never return! Steak was good. Chicken was chewy. Service was great. Price not bad. I've had much better for the price.  and decent quality. I wish people would learn the difference between a four star restaurant and a five star restaurant. Look up Anzu at the Hotel Nikko San Francisco. That is what five stars is people." "We are sushi connoisseurs - Nokato has the best around here. The ingredients are fresh This place used to be good. Keyword used to be!  The fried rice was over done by garlic and if you love garlic you would understand why I didn't like it cause I love garlic. It was absolutely too much. Nothing else complimented it. Short ribs were horrible we didn't eat it and still was charged for it even though we told our server it wasn't good. Service was fine... But I think their hibachi isn't worth the money. The chefs can hardly entertain!!!  Anyways. Good luck on you're trip. It's in 2nd place out of two. And it's pricey!" Anyway...go here if you're looking for a good hibachi place!"  but we mostly come here for the sushi. They have 16 Teppanyaki Tables in the main dinning room and 4 more tables in private roomd that you do not need a reservation for 1PSnPPFVfp03iPfJRPWWQw I can't say enough about the service here. We had an issue the manager came right out apologized and gave us a free meal.. I will be back.. I'll be back for more.... :-)" "I brought a co-worker here for a business dinner while in town and thought it was great. We had some downtime when we first sat to talk about work and then enjoyed a great  but every thing was great from the food to the service.  We all enjoyed the hibachi and the sauces were excellent!"  having experienced far better. However in the current climate in Charlotte but I like some crazy rolls on the menu.  Had one that was good but not a huge selection.  I'll be back.. It's close to the hotels so easy walk." Excellent food! We enjoyed that they are one of the hibachi places that actually uses the ginger sauce on the side to dip with. The early bird special they currently run at $13 for a chicken and steak combo is an amazing deal too. They also serve noodle as well as the normal fried rice. "Good sushi. Didn't get the Teppan Yaki (chop chop) food....didn't want anything too heavy before my French class! Got the Hawaiian Poke Salad as an ""app"" and it was very tasty....Then a ""Panther"" roll which featured Tuna  but this place was nearby and it did the job. Service was also good although it wasn't busy at the time." Sorry I won't recommend."  this is hands down the best sushi place in the University area.  Kabuto doesn't seem as fresh and any other place is whack.  Ru Sans will forever wear the sushi crown in Charlotte!" From out of town and this was my first visit and I enjoyed the food. We had a fun cook which was also nice.  but... Maybe making it for so many people at the same time doesn't let the food cook throughly "Food was delish.  We had the seafood combo which included salmon scallops and Shrimp and the Filet Mignon and Shrimp.  All dishes come with soup  especially for the amount that they give you. We all left with leftovers and that's saying a lot because I almost never leave places with leftovers lol. The restaurant itself was nice and has plenty of space inside. The staff was helpful but took too long with our drink orders. Overall I am glad that I finally found this gem in the University area." We like Nakato's. It's a good spot to go to when you want some good sushi in the University Area. The sashimi is fresh and the presentation is somewhat artistic. Some menu items are just ""ok"" and others are a bit pricey for the amount that you do get." Very pretty restaurant.  By far the nicest ambiance Japanese steak house in the clt area.  Food was quite good also.  Service was excellent.  Sushi menu was quite varied for a steak house.  Overall and excellent experience.  only grilled. Does that make sense?  The food doesn't have any flavor. The sushi guy has major attitude. The sushi is not worth your time. How do you screw up shrimp tempura appetizer?  I know.. Don't cook the vegetables long enough so you're biting into hard vegetables. And the shrimp you can get as Costco for cheaper. This is a pass!!"  sushi was amazing.  The onion soup was good too.  The waiters were nice and attentive but not to the point of being annoying.  From the sounds coming from the other side the chefs were great.  Will definitely bring my kids back to try it. Gave 4 stars instead if 5 because the frozen drink that I got was weak." It wasn't the Display Chef's fault! In fact I applaud him for his vigilantes!" Only ding I give is for my family having 4 kids they do the ""automatic gratuity"" thing that only serves to lower the total tip I give.  This is a practice that needs to die or get a more reasonable threshold."  didn't talk nothing!  You pay for entertainment too not just the food! First time there I would go back but ask for an entertaining chef" It doesn't help that our chef was something of a slob and didn't try very hard to do a good job with our meals.  Sauces were strewn across the table.  A co-worker who is allergic to shellfish had the shrimp appetizer deposited on his plate anyway.  Another co-worker who ordered a combo was given the wrong food.  One of my scallops was accidentally thrown into the mayo-based dipping sauce due to how the chef was slinging hash.  The grill cleaning portion resulted in a significant amount of scrapings leaving the cooking surface and landing on the table surface.  Etc  the food is always fresh and the guys in the sushi bar know what they are doing ask for Ricky been with them for ever and gives great suggestions  the waitress did an amazing job and the chef was very entertaining. Great evening!" Good food! The energy wasn't all there when cooking! The filet was very good! Overall the restaurant was very clean and friendly. I'm used to high energy cooking by the Chefs in Fredericksburg VA! They interact with the guests a lot. It may have been just an off night though. 1PSnPPFVfp03iPfJRPWWQw When we walked in was a bit concerned looked huge and empty... Guess it gets busy end of week. We ate a sushi bar.  They did not have all items available but the sushi was good and reasonably priced. Service ok. "I went to Nakato today for lunch for the first time ever based on the sushi reviews and the proximity to my job.  I got seated immediately as their lunch rush was pretty much over.  My waitress was prompt and efficient without being annoying.  She kept my water full and remembered the lemon which is always a plus.  I was disappointed in the sushi menu.  There were not a lot of special rolls or variety.  Shame on me for going to a hibachi place for sushi and believing all these best sushi in Charlotte reviews.  Get out people!  There is MUCH better sushi in Concord and Charlotte.  I ordered the fantasy roll and the hot twister roll.  The fantasy was simple and fresh. I prefer soy sheet so it was nice to see one on the menu.  The hot twister was ehhh.  I knew better than to order a fried roll as I like cold sushi.  I really could not taste anything in that roll except the batter.  Overall  but I write this specifically to share what to look for for those that do not know any better. It PISSES me off to NO END when individuals run a ""Japanese"" restaurant that is wholly not representative of my culture or the quality expected. I am a proud half-Japanese man and I take offense to those that misappropriate my country's culinary culture to just rip people off who are unsuspecting or those that do not have the experience to know any better. As for any other food offered at this establishment "Not bad at all.  Service was a little slow at first but then a second sushi chef came out!   I'll let you know if I get sick or not!?!?   Fish looked a little sketchy at first  and a great show to go along with it. Prices are very fair and you definitely feel like you get your money's worth here every time. The ambiance is great any time of the day and the food is always amazing! Hibachi for all eating habits and they're very accommodating for your special dietary needs. Including cooking the food to your liking w  no extra charge. Safe to say this is my spot!" I love going here. I have always had a great time here. The food is delicious! The service is excellent. Wether you are in the mood for Sushi or Hibachi you can't go wrong with Nakatos This place is incredible for sushi!! Sat at the bar and watched our chef make our rolls which my daughter loved! My wife got an order of Kama which was a grilled yellow tail cheek!!! So good!! And the wait staff was incredibly attentive!! I have dined here many times over many years. We usually dine in the sushi bar area. The service and quality of their food has been consistently excellent. Their sushi  sashimi is fresh and prepared well. I have tried many items from their hibachi made to order menu and have never been disappointed. I love that they present you with a hot bath cloth prior to your meal. The manager is very friendly and makes sure you had a good experience.  take a group and enjoy the show Came in here due to high Yelp reviews and was very close to the Courtyard where I stayed.  The hibachi and sushi were both VERY good and the $3 Yuengling drafts are great also!  The food was all excellent and our chef was friendly and fun to watch. It's pretty much your typical hibachi experience but good prices and good food!  Recommend!!  the wait time was very long. I didn't care for the side salad it had way to much ginger in it. Most Japanese restaurants I've been to normally have a little sweetness in their dressing but their was horrible and on top of that was super thick. The onion soup was not as good either I definitely didn't taste any onions it's a regular lunch spot for me." We typically have a great time here. The food is good and the chefs are fun. The one thing we typically run into issues with are the servers. They are kind of slow to refill drinks. The prices are reasonable for how much food you get and it's always pretty tasty. Just be careful of going during prime time because the wait can be pretty long. Found this gem on vacation at Great Wolf Lodge.  Searched around trying I find a Japanese Hibachi not too far from the Great Wolf Lodge and this fit.  Price was kind of high but the food was great.  Along with the normal fried rice you got noodles which I loved.  Will return for sure. Great food and service.  Went on a Tuesday night with no wait!  Best hibachi I have ever had.  Was traveling in the area but will definitely come if I am ever in the area again! I would like to come back for dinner!" "The sushi is really good and so is the hibachi. This is the best shrimp sauce in town in my opinion (pink sauce  found ourselves turning around to watch and disappointingly wish we got the entertaining show from the chef at a table nearby.  Those customers got what the paid for in an entertaining meal and Japanese steakhouse experience.   The food was just ok.  Again  since I'm used to tasting it right after it's been defrosted too long or too soon. This was a perfect balance between not too rich and not too bland. The most impressive part of the dinner was The sweet shrimp. It was served raw! Why is that surprising? Most places cook it. I would say 99% of sushi restaurants serve it cooked. This chef not only had a good raw sweet shrimp that was meaty and juicy  since I'm used to tasting it right after it's been defrosted too long or too soon. This was a perfect balance between not too rich and not too bland. The most impressive part of the dinner was The sweet shrimp. It was served raw! Why is that surprising? Most places cook it. I would say 99% of sushi restaurants serve it cooked. This chef not only had a good raw sweet shrimp that was meaty and juicy Love love love sushi. This was my daughters first visit to this restaurant and she said she really enjoyed it. She loves the fact that the food is prepared right in front of you and the fire and knife performance was great. The food as always was awesome and the waiter was great. He was very helpful and patient with her. Great first time experience for her. The food here was very good and fresh! I got the Teriyaki chicken with fried rice and it was amazing! The cooks that  cook in front of you are very entertaining as well! We will defiantly  be returning. Great staff and environment. Food was good and portion sizes more than enough. Great family dining experience. 1PSnPPFVfp03iPfJRPWWQw I will say the highlight of the evening is that the chef toned down the show of flames becuase my 2yo daughter was frightened. So nice!"  the number one draw to this place is clearly the people. The owners are wonderful  but hey that's downtown these days. And we're lucky Blue Fin is still there - the city had planned to buy and demolish the building kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ  I was extremely impressed. The inari pockets were large enough to be a meal on their own! I thought the inari were absolutely delicious and ate all three. The bowl was packed with vegetables and for $1 extra I got a TON of tofu in the bowl My only complaint is they are not open on weekends." getting to it is tricky now. and parking is just as tricky. but its worth it. SOOOO WORTH IT"  it's affordable and has a super-friendly staff. I will definitely be back."  who am I kidding.  She made an impression on me too." Just a word of warning.  Every single time I've been there I've melted the tastebuds off my tongue.  I try to allow my food to cool  and for the first time in my life I didn't have to spit the first bite back out because it was too hot for consumption. Not sure what happened with my Vegetable Yakisoba kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ The only thing wrong with The Blue FIn; they are not opened on the weekends "I need to update my review of Blue Fin. This place absolutely rocks; that's probably why you can find me eating lunch here 4 out of 5 weekdays  I gave it four stars not because I'd call it a four-star restaurant but for what it offers considering it's ""fast food"" and for the good manners. I'll definitely come again. I could see meeting someone there for lunch or hogging a table just to read a book in between noshing on teriyaki."  but added an extra for the super nice lady. I'd give something else a try the next time I'm in the area just because she was *that* nice."  way better than any of those ""blah blah bowl"" chains."  this place is pretty darn great."  those people are friendly every damned time I roll through.  And the food is always still hot and delicious when I plop down on my sofa to dig in.  Oh  kind lady. And hopefully I'll be able to eat there with you so you know how much I appreciate great food and expectational service."  but I really need to swing by again. Some people would probably just brush this place off as some small food hut on a street corner. That would be a huge mistake. This place is like the Yoda of Phoenician restaurants in that it reminds you that  low cost Japanese comfort food.  Teriyaki  is well worth the drive! The food is fantastic and the service is worlds beyond any other business i have been too. My favorite is the Beef Bowl special!" kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ  the place was packed with a lot of business workers looking for a cheap and quick lunch. Many people also ordered take out. The workers were fast and efficient. This place mainly serves teriyaki rice bowls and rice plates. The rice bowls were so delicious that we had to come back again later to order take out for our dinner. We highly recommend this place for you to try."  rather tossing the chicken with the sauce or pouring sauce on top before serving it. That makes it a little more dry than I'm used to  but I just couldn't bring myself to dock a star for that." Open till 6:30 pm Monday-Friday."  because I live in San Francisco/Bay Area and get better rice bowls from places like Kaz Teriyaki and Suruki Supermarket (both located in Downtown San Mateo). This is probably one of the better places Phoenix has to offer."  and the white meat chicken terriyaki.  I NEED to go back to try more things...." kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ I think what you will gather by my reviews is I like simple places that are cheap.  I like the fou fou stuff on occasion as well P.S. This place seems to attract a lot of Phoenix's redneck population (though I don't know why)  being greeted with a warm smile and a friendly ""hello"" is also a big plus in my book." It's also right next to a light rail stop which is OH-so convenient!" "I go to Blue Fin for lunch with friends almost every other month.  Locally owned and the little Japanese lady (we call her ""mama"" san) thanking everyone for coming and making sure your cup is full is awesome and one of the main reasons I keep going back for more.  Food is great for Japanese fast food.  I just tried their coconut shrimp and it was awesome!  If you are hungry try the terriyaki chicken  I need to come back to try something else beside the terriyaki chicken!" Went to eat in by myself at lunch.  Tried the panko chicken with tonkatsu sauce.  YUM!  Mama san stopped by and drop off the real verison of asian tonkatsu sauce.  WOW!  It was much better.  BYW - tonkatsu = japanese BBQ sauce...  Can not wait to go back soon!  well at least it's some bird flesh from what I can tell by looks. Sauce is flat and lacks flavor. No thrills about a bowl with a little rice and a large portion of meat. No garnish nothing. Brought it home and fed it to my dog. She enjoyed it. I want be returning and I'm disappointed that all of you think it's so great  the value was acceptable as well and the staff was friendly. I will be back  but I can always count on Blue Fin to treat me like family and give me a solid rice bowl."  with a big glass of iced green tea only set me back $8.60 and was wonderful. I sat on their patio This place is really great for teriyaki.  In fact it is really the only place worth going for teriyaki.  First of all - it is really very inexpensive (lunch for two under 20 - easily). Second of all - the service is great because it is family run - you see the same people there everytime.  The food is really good - and just hits the spot when you have a hankering for teriyaki.  My only complaint would be the hours- bums me out when I want teriyaki for dinner and they are already closed. kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ Great menu with all of the Japanese fast food favorites. They make everything on-site and it's cheap. Ideal downtown spot for lunch or early dinner." I did also have the sweet and sour chicken that I didn't care for because it was breaded and it made it seem like there was no chicken under the breading." You need to try this place if you haven't.  GREAT FOOD  it's a solid place for the price. I wouldn't go out of my way to go there when I am not downtown The only thing better than Blue Fin's food is their service!  Everyone was so polite and friendly!  You couldn't help but leave with a smile on your face!  I also loved that they offer Hawaiian juices in addition to their other beverages.  This place was excellent and I can't wait to go back! The customer service was the best I have ever seen in a fast food establishment. Many places could learn a lot by going in and experiencing this good customer service." Plus I prefer to spend my money on local independent business like this one rather than a national chain."  and the service is incredible.  Definitely make a stop the next time you are in the area." My boss says his body is a temple and won't eat anywhere else but Blue Fin.  So he took me there for my birthday.  So good...their salad has an amazing dressing (not sure what the taste is).  The ladies knew my boss and were very personable.  I go back often.  I get the teriyaki chicken with brown rice.  Reasonably priced and the ladies are so sweet.  chicken and rice and the portions are enormous.  I probably finished about half and I was stuffed!  Good food too the sweet & salty teriyaki was nicely complimented by a char-grill smokiness.  I look forward to my next visit!"  the owner spent some times to greet everyone. I ordered beef bowl teriyaki but the beef teriyaki is a lil bit over cooked and the smell of the burning beef just overwhelmed me. The Panko breaded fish plate is the one that I recommend to try. They also have the seaweed salad which I found good. And they also charged for the soda refill $.30" Chicken Fried Rice - WOW. Good stuff."  reasonable prices. My new fav place downtown." kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ SEA WEED SALAD IS KING HERE!"  generous fare (love their  sicky rice and the panko dishes!) served by friendly folk; a good number of dishes to choose from; good prices My family and I have eaten here at least a hundred times over the years. This is one of two spots we eat lunch at if we are near downtown Phoenix. The price is right and the service is always excellent as is the food. The family who runs the restaurant is always very friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone. My only complaint is that they only have one location in the valley.  and most orders are brought to your table within five minutes of you ordering and paying at the counter. Enough said; it all works. Oh...... one of the owners spent a few minutes at our table welcoming us to town  as far as I'm concerned. There are other equally tasty (and in some cases more flavorful) places to grab a rice bowl. The service is outstandingly hospitible though; so I tried to order miso soup but they were sold out." "This place offers pretty good food at really low prices. i think it's a mother daughter team that own it and they are the sweetest ladies ever. It's probably not a good idea to order a hot yakisoba bowl  on a hot day and eat it on the patio. I try to always eat with chopsticks and i just kept getting hot  sauce on my face.  Oh only complaint is their tofu. It's just diced and sauteed. i would like it if maybe they marinated My biggest surprise eating at the Blue Fin is the cheese cake they serve.  I don't profess to be a lover of cheese cake.  It never really impresses me.  It was light and the flavor was great.  Worth having for a birthday binge I am happy to report."  very good and moderately priced.  Very friendly service.  It'll definitely be a place I consider in the future Plus - it just feels better to deal with locals than a chain." I just recently moved up here to Phoenix and was looking for something good to eat. I started looking through things on Yelp and found this place. it took me forever to find it and I called and the lady helped me find it. Well I definitely found it. I went and the lady working was so friendly and helped me pick out what to eat. And the found was delicious!!!!  I had the number 1. I definitely recommended it to anyone. I love the fried gyoza and a california roll. Can't beat that for lunch  and none of the dishes my co-workers had looked any better (though they seemed to be fine with them). I should know to stay away from restaurants that have pictures of their menu items on the wall. The one star is only for the fast and friendly service." "Cute little place with both outdoor  (with misters) and indoor seating.  Excellent teriyaki and salad.  Very attentive owner and staff.  Large portions and great prices $5.49 & we could easily have split one.  Next time  the service was immaculate. The women who helped me was super friendly and made suggestions of things I should try on my next visit (when pigs fly). I am really amazed by the positive reviews here. Unfortunately  sushi fresh and everything is affordable for a quick lunch. I go there once a week." The service was as great as I remember and the people were just as nice as I remember too."  but I assure Yelpers that it will require them to upgrade their quality or this place won't be there long."  but I the service is outstanding.  Our server was extremely nice and attentive and competent Service is super friendly and helpful. I will be back to this place soon !" My favorite is the Panko chicken bowl with tankatsu." I highly recommend it." I doubt I go back since the place is only so so at best for two of my favorite things. The crab puffs were nice though." "A Phoenix classic and well worth a visit.  I used to eat there frequently The place may not look like much from the outside but just know that you will be taken care of once you are there and will have some incredible food for dine in or take out." I look forward to returning and trying something more exciting and getting a smaller drink."  a great experience.  I told the owner I would be back with my son by the end of the week  gotta use alot of sauce to give it some flavor. If you want straight out flavor get the teriyaki bowl but stay away from the combo unless you want a massive amount of salad. Good service and nice people!" "Reminds me a lot of the holes in the wall I used to eat at in Hawaii. Went at the height of lunch hour so the line was out the door but my GF and I didn't mind the wait since the weather outside also reminded me of Hawaii. Food was pretty tasty despite the order being slightly botched I will return for sure. The owner did take her time to talk to most if not all her customers. If you are looking for a friendly place with good food "I'm half Japanese and have had a very difficult time finding good authentic Japanese food in the Phoenix area.  I am so impressed with this little restaurant!  The customer service is awesome.  The owner walked around talking to people and refilling drinks I'll definitely return and probably add a 5th star after doing so!  Great little place!" Good for lunch or early dinner since this place closes early. Drive-up window if you are in a rush!"  but then again I did go during the lunch rush. My friend was able to get a spot in their lot but I wound up having to park in a different lot just north of it. It was maybe only 30 feet further away Bottom line: I live in south east Gilbert and have driven to eat here 3 times in the last month. Enough said." Last time I ate here I upgraded from the teriyaki chicken and vegetable bowl to the platter. This means that it comes with salad kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ  yummy.  Be prepared for the line at lunch!  It moves fast though...just know what you want to order when you get there...otherwise P.S. They accept Visa & Mastercard  it's all good and healthy portions.  Tankatsu sauce is a favorite right now too."  and they sweetly offered me another menu item of my choice even if the price was higher-  so I'll definitely give the counter ladies kudos for customer service. I chose to have the teriyaki chicken bowl as a replacement. The teriyaki bowl was brought out to me shortly after   try this place.  The servings are good sized and the quality is hard to beat.  Fresh taste.  Will be back."  awesome customer service." kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ  and made by the sweetest people you'll ever talk to.  Try a chicken bowl with extra veggies and brown rice - you won't be disappointed.  And don't forget to order an eggroll - they're amazing and they come with this ridiculous ginger sauce that'll leave you craving more."  for any interested. Just ask. It's tasty!" Really good food and nice service. I was impressed with the food. A good choice. "Been living in Willow for almost 20 years. An old girl friend told me how lucky I'd be to live so close to Blue Fin. Personally I prefer the Tonkatsu  great portions of yummy food and they will customize dishes not on the menu." I take all my friends here and will take all my future friends to come. What a perfect gem!" kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ Its a must visit if  you're around the area!! :)" An overall great place. Good food and very friendly staff. Great customer service!!!! When in downtown Phoenix "Stopped here for the first time last night and was very pleasantly surprised. I had the teriyaki bowl and edemame "Good fast food. We liked it here but it was the owner we couldn't get over. When we disagreed with her choice on politics (which she brought up) she basically called us dumb and lectured us for 30 minutes. My friend and I don't feel very comfortable eating here and if we had to  I hope to be back to try  the teriyaki and other things on their menu." "This place is amazing! The food is great but when grandma blue fin comes by to refill you're drink or even your entree Love love love Blue Fin. The staff are the nicest people ever. I love the Panko fish bowl. I only wish they stayed open a little later than 6:30...." "The best. I've had at least half the menu and everything is consistently excellent. Crab puffs are super filling and on point The service at this restaurant though is what pushes me to give them a top notch rating. The people here are just such genuinely nice people. They are very helpful and they get your food out quick. I really do not have one con for this place. The prices are amazing for what they offer Some of the best teriyaki chicken in phoenix.. Fast and always friendly! If only they were open weekends!! "Blue Fin has awesome Teriyaki Bowls and daily specials for under $10. The portions are large and you will even have leftovers. I am a big fan. The menu is a bit limited I love the fact that I can just get up and head here whenever I am in the mood for Matcha green tea ice cream which is more than you think.The ladies there are very friendly and the food is good and servings are big.  kind of just there. I was really let down. I haven't tried anything else so I'm thinking maybe the other menu items are better. The lady at the counter was the epidemy of customer service. She was very sweet and accommodating and seems to truly love her job which seems uncommon in the food service industry. I'd be willing to go back and try something else just because the service was so great." I recommend this place to anyone hungry for fresh Asian fare!"  so of course I'd try this place out. PLUS it is by my favorite library of all time (Burton Barr). I first discovered this place in High School after visiting the library and wanting something to eat. I didn't realize that this place would have good food for awesome prices. Love their green tea ice cream I don't think I will be back to try anything else based on this experience." Took me awhile to find a good restaurant and later chose this one. Place is nice and has feel good vibes in it. Great for some fine food to eat. I ordered a California roll "This was horrible!!!!!!!!!! I went there because it said sushi. Ummmm no they have the box sushi that you can buy at a grocery store "After living downtown for 2 years my husband and I finally tried this place.  I got the chicken teriyaki plate. It was all I hoped it would be: tender moist tangy chicken. The salad dressing was super garlicky and a wonderful compliment to the rich teriyaki  and sticky rice.  The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is that Husband ordered the all white meat version and it wasn't nearly as succulent as mine. Granted I understand that white meat is Cause I am still hungry."  and the better (non-teriyaki chicken) items take longer to cook." When I'm craving I'll stop by for lunch and order the chicken w/veggies (sometimes no rice) and it's always worth it.  a signature safe dish and good medium to compare to other places. In fact I liked it so much that I've stuck to it. I'm from the North valley and there are tons of unique food options in the downtown area catering to all tastes. Blue Fin is one of those place I make an open slot for.  I'd say give it a shot "I was walking down central and thought I'd try this small restaurant. I'm sure glad I did. The food is great especially for the price. Best of all is the woman that works here. She'll walk by and talk to patrons. Refill your drink  healthy and tasty food.  If you are looking for something quick and great  love love!!!!!   Food was excellent and the service great!!!" "Awesome staff! Great food at great prices! I love the chicken curry  so when she thanked us over and over for coming by for lunch and encouraged us to come back  clean and friendly. My partner and I were really hungry so we tried a number of items and loved them all!  I especially loved the Japanese Curry Chicken. I will go back and recommend this restaurant to friends!"  I like the panko chicken bowl. The owners and staff are the real reason I continue to come to this establishment over those fancy places down the road." Great food and service and at a great price!  but it's the fork size.  It's a small plastic fork and you can't really get rice and lettuce on it.  I asked for a spoon after a few minutes of trying to balance everything." This place is always good and the price is just right! The Daily Special always hits the spot!  pausing once to answer the sweet old lady who came by to ask how I was doing. This is the first time I've been here  dark meat retains moisture better and is more flavorful than breast meat. I highly recommend ordering the dark meat with their main dish. Many of the reviews below that complain about dryness or about shaved meat is commenting on the white meat teriyaki  when I typed in sushi on yelp this place showed up I would not come here if you were in a sushi mood all they have is California rolls and spicy tuna . Fry's has a bigger and better selection of sushi. I also orders the tempora shrimp and it was really good so I would definitely come back but not for sushi.the staff is extremely friendly and warming. I can't wait to come back and eat something else and give a better review but for now I can't cuse I'm sad about the disappointment of sushi .this place is extremely affordable and really casual so come wearing streachy pants and ready to feast" They have excellent customer service and are so polite." If I were rating it just on service and sweetness of staff it would get 5 stars in my book though!" I've  heard about this place for years. Everyone raves about it so I finally had to go in and pick up dinner just to check it out. I wish I'd stopped in much sooner. Great food. Fast service. I will definitely be back.  filling and a great price. I will be at this place a lot!" Fast service and good food.  I got tempura chicken and it was so good.   Big portions and friendly service.   Great affordable lunch location .  Glad I tried something different. I would return and try again" "First time I came to eat here in 20 years. Congrats on staying in business!  The owner is so sweet. She absolutely keeps this place successful I'm sure. Oyako chicken bowl : it's good. But they use the same chopped up chicken they use for teriyaki I think. So if you expect a true Japanese Oyako I went with some coworkers during lunch. I had the Teriyaki chicken bowl with vegetables. It was very good. There was a lot of people when we got there. We were able to get a table around 10 minutes so it wasn't too bad. The best part is the prices are affordable!" Solid food at a reasonable price and amazingly nice folks "Great food! Fast service! Awesome workers! Business is run the way all should be The chicken teriyaki bowl I ordered was more than enough and really good. The flavor was good and chicken was cooked perfectly. Stopped in for lunch and the wait only a few minutes which is great! The place is small but it does have outside seating which is great for wonderful weather. The lady behind the counter was very friendly and happy. I'll definitely come back for lunch.  it wasn't the worst I've ever had but it wasn't the best.  Good place for a fresh quick lunch. The service staff was friendly. They have an outdoor space to eat so you can see the action on Central." The saving grace for Blue Fin are the portions and price point. One can chow down for a small price I came here on the recommendation of all of the reviews here on Yelp. When I arrived I didn't realize that it was the restaurant I had seen so many times before while visiting the library across the street. The service was great and everybody was polite and sweet. The food was really good and reasonably priced. The owner was in this restaurant today and she made the rounds talking to each and every single customer in the store. I definitely will be back. The owner is like everybody's grandmother that just wants to make them fat and feed them. The owner is a lovely lady who has told me about living in Arizona all of her life and a few other details. She's an absolute gem and I am looking forward to trying out more of the food here." Egg roll - not sure of the filling but well fried and greasy. Crunchy and good. Orange solace tasty."  the food as been delicious. What makes this place even better are the owners. The sweetest people I have ever met...they truly care about their customers and their product.  So try it out and they will make you feel at home." "I started working for the State Dept of Transportation in about 1983.  I discovered this place shortly after.  The food is consistently good and not very expensive.  I usually got the chicken teriyaki "My girlfriend and I love coming to this restaurant.  I always end up getting the Panko chicken bowl with all white meat First time here. Very friendly. Food was very good. Right across from the light rail.  On Central Ave. Best part is its under $8 for a huge plate of food. One of my downtown favorites when I am starving!" "It is easily the best place in Phoenix for teriyaki. They do a great job at all their other food too "It is easily the best place in Phoenix for teriyaki. They do a great job at all their other food too I was super excited to try this place ... They do have Cheap eats for lunch and free refills on their large drinks. And there was not a long wait for the food. We ordered Katsu pork plate and chicken teriyaki. Both lacked flavor and the Katsu looked like puke on a plate and had no rice or breaking on the pork. The teriyaki chicken was very rubbery and had little to no sauce. I'm super disappointed that this place was a bust because it has so many good reviews. The place was real nice. I got the teriyaki beef bowl. It was pretty salty but not bad. I hear the teriyaki chicken is better and plan to get that in the near future! Check this place out! Albeit the facility is somewhat tight but the meals certainly aren't. There's always plenty of great seating on the outside and great for takeout. You won't go wrong visiting Mrs. Betty and her team at Blue Fin!"  and 2 egg rolls. It is located in a convenient downtown corner off rail station."  and they also have shakers on the table to customize the degree of spiciness." Came in after looking up japanese food on yelp. My wife and i came in while we were on a trip to phoenix. What we found was one of the nicest people we have ever met and a great restaurant! My wife ordered the chicken katsu which is called panko chicken here which she enjoyed and got nice portions. I got the chicken curry which after the owner let me know that for $2 more she would double the size. Which i promptly did and got a nice helping of food. It's very comfy home style cooking. I can't say enough good things about thw owner she was very friendly and engaged in conversation with everyone. The prices are incredibly reasonable! Highly recommend it! I wast here yesterday at lunch with a friend. Panko ninja fish. That was good. Amazing autentic japanese food. Betsy the owner take care that u fill at home. We have to come back to try other dishes Good eats. Staff is super friendly and you never have to wait long for your food. I recommend the panko chicken bowl. Never disappoints! I always try to stop in whenever I'm downtown and hungry!  the owner is Korean. We know this because they were speaking to each other in another language  or if you are in the area and have an hour for dinner... which was my situation.  I met my friend who had suggested this place.  The interior is a lot nicer than I expected My partner told me that not all Ichi Ban's are created equal. I'm just lucky this one is so close.  I just wish I could afford more of it. I'd eat there every day."  the sushi rice was not as good as I am accustomed to from them and I don't know why they would mess with it. They haven't given me fruit at the end of my meal in a long time and with the annoyance I have had twice now with the service they just dropped down on my rotation.  It's only because of closeness that they will get another shot "I would say that the sushi is mediocre at best. The rolls have a texture to them that I don't enjoy. On top of that  you have a full menu to order from and everything is good. They do not have a full liquor license  so maybe it's just that the lunch atmosphere didn't match the price.  I had no complaints about the food at all--it was actually very good.  If you're not price-sensitive  eel on top. Very tasty. I now have a sweet alternative to my spicy Phoenix Suns roll (very spicy tuna with eel on top) when I visit. Very good."  it tasted good and didn't kill us :)" The service tends to be hit or miss and we've not had to wait for a seat." "The closest good sushi you'll find downtown. I've been going to Ichi Ban for a couple of years and have to say that its the best sushi you can find in downtown. They have a lot of specialty rolls such as the phoenix suns roll Guess it's good enough for a Sushi virgin. Hard core sushi lovers may want to smack me."  there is a line a lunch and dinner. The cheif is talented and the staff are friendly and fast. For an ichi Ban  it was such a fantastic flavor experience.  With that I urge you the brave at heart to try whatever is on the specials menu."  I'm pleased to announce an exclusive coupon from Ichiban Phoenix and Sushi Lovers Unite!.  For $9.99 plus tax  I'll stick to the teriyaki and ramen." I will definitely be back.  The service was absolutely fantastic."  and the Yellowtail nigiri was obviously past it's prime. I'm lucky it didn't make me ill. Won't be back when Hana Sushi is just around the corner at 7th Ave and Missouri." Love love love their spicy tuna! call in your order for quicker service But we will be back.  I'll order #1 again  average prices. Went one time..idk if I'd go back" It's a shame because they could have SO much more business if they dropped the prices a bit and worked harder at making better rice since there are barely any sushi places downtown."  which was nice for take out but it actually tasted like crap. The sushi was also of a lesser quality so I was just disappointed in general. Maybe it's because I'm from NorCal but this kind of place should not be charging what it does for this combo. It was 20 bucks but for the quality I had the teriyaki bowl and a California Roll and it was pretty good; I think the teriyaki bowl was better of the two.  The entire meal with no drink cost like $6-$7 bucks so it's not too bad for a cheap lunch.   I'm sure I'll be back soon...  I mentioned this incident to someone working there and they confronted the man and made him leave but he didn't I left and this same guy followed me back to my work throwing insults my way. When I went to eat my sushi it seemed very warm even thought I order nothing that should be cooked. Wasn't impress with the temperature. The sushi seems very small." "I come here for lunch often. They have good lunch prices on sushi and rice/noodle bowls. The staff is always friendly. You can eat in or carry out. I usually get the lunch spicy tuna roll. It is delicious and cheap! Their miso soup is pretty good. I've never tried the bowls because I know I would go into a food coma after lunch  creative and tasty in my opinion. Order something off the ""specials"" menu posted on the wall and you can't go wrong with the spicy tuna. It also isn't as expensive as other sushi restaurants and there are other menu options for land lovers. Great sushi place for lunch or dinner and right on the light rail." oSKT5oZX1NWYaHwOWL5lag Great place! Great Food. People who always say they can't find good sushi downtown need to find this place! They will make things off menu if you are so inclined. Happy hour is great prices as well. "Loved this place! They had great sushi and amazing service. Although we didn't know it we came in close to closing time but never felt rushed. It wasn't until we started talking with the owner that we found out the closed 30 min ago! However  sauce too sweet and too much of it. I liked they offered the brown rice as an option. I was leaning towards the sushi "I ate way too much sushi here. It was so good Still a good choice where good teriyaki beef is hard to find in this town.  That's one reason to miss Seattle where there is good teriyaki beef on every corner Met some friends here last night with high expectations due to good reviews. We had a party of 10 so we made sure we were there right when they opened at 5pm. They sat us immediately but when  we asked them up front (before we ordered) to split the checks they had a bit of an attitude. We made it a game to get them to lighten up. Which they did! A for effort on the waitresses part. We had her laughing and smiling.  I should mention here that when we walked in it smelled fishy as well. Not a good sign for a sushi place. This should have been our second red flag. Food came fairly quickly. It was ok nothing special and a bit overpriced for what you get. Towards the end they started to rush to get us out which we would have gladly done 30 minutes prior if they would bring our checks. By the time we got home I was extremely sick and that was how the rest of my night went! I am not new to sushi. In fact its my fav! I would NEVER go back to this place. The only reason its getting 1 star is because the waitress was a hoot! Good for take out. Quick and easy. Will work with you on the menus.  Very efficient   Honest hard working restrant. My wife and I have tried several places. Thus place is the best. Seth will customize anything you like. It's awesome I ordered a teriyaki chicken bowl with rice and vegetables today for take out. It was good and the portion size was adequate for lunch. The price was reasonable and the server was friendly. The ambiance was acceptable. "The selection of sushi rolls on the menu is second to none in the valley.  I know that I am always getting the best quality sushi and service when I visit.  The staff are always hustling and working hard to make your experience quick I Ban is the cat's meow when it comes to sushi dining in Phoenix. I typically sway away from the sushi bar seating but the chef here (err - I don't recall his name now!) is excellent. He's fun I wouldn't return for sit down service but maybe take out. But alas oSKT5oZX1NWYaHwOWL5lag  simple I know but the sushi chef uses home made spicy mayo and it was sooo good! We just grabbed a quick lunch of a couple rolls and our bill was just under 30 bucks. Would recommend!" Just recently started eating sushi and while in Phoenix on a business trip stopped in and talked with Seth. He will make you anything you want so long as he can and for a new sushi person like myself this was big.  I will be coming here every time I'm in Phoenix oSKT5oZX1NWYaHwOWL5lag My new favorite local spot!!! Got the udon noodles with veggies no meat. The owner even said he could add tofu special for me next time!! He was awesome and talked to us while we waited for Our to go food. Waiting on the next time we can get take out :-)  I work across the street and it was so delicious I had to write a review! I stopped in and grabbed two sushi rolls to go; a California roll and a spicy tuna roll. The California roll was great but the spicy tuna was amazing I love the spicy sauce! The prices were great not overpriced at all Food sucks. Never consistent in flavor. Service sucks. Fast food Korean Japanese food - I don't know why they call a restaurant. Sushi rolls were terrible! Totally wasting money. oSKT5oZX1NWYaHwOWL5lag Seth is an amazing sushi chef! Amazing food. Fresh and worth the money. Must place to eat!  the cook apologized saying he forgot.  I think the best part of the dinner was the rice!  I would not return and I think they need to learn how to make better tempura." oSKT5oZX1NWYaHwOWL5lag  but not great either. Interior is kind of dated and worn. Staff were arguing with a customer (loudly) while we dined...something about boxing up a to go order? Food was just mediocre. I have had much better and once or twice I paid but will NEVER go back and NEVER recommend. Ewwww wet/soggy and just GROSS!!!" oSKT5oZX1NWYaHwOWL5lag It's a great choice for lunch or dinner." Happy hour prices are more than fair and the Caterpillar and Spicy Tuna rolls are some of the best I've found. Try the all-you-can-eat deal on the weekends  I think I'll stick to Moto for happy hour and for dinner and AYCE on Saturdays." c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA  they do have a good beer lineup and their cooked japanese style food is very good.  Service has always been excellent."  for sure. but the service needs much improvment." Definitely a place to try if you love sushi like I do!"  cool off with their ice cream sushi...it's two or sometimes three different types of ice cream (it's always a surprise and they won't tell you ahead of time what type of ice cream they are using for the night) and then rolled in rice crispies...definitely yummy.  Two chopsticks up! :)" I give it two stars because I can see myself cruising to the bar for a midday beer and chowing down on some edamame The wait staff is friendly and prompt." Their non-sushi menu looked tasty as well c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA "This was one of my favorite Sushi places to date.  You have to be ""in the know"" & ask for the ""underground sushi menu"" they have this dessert thats pretty good."  but I wasn't impressed. That doesn't mean I won't try again...but I don't see myself waiting another 10 minutes while those around me are being serviced." Save your time and money and try to stay away from that Sushi JOKE Place!!!"  their sushi was just so so.  The waitress had a ""secret menu"" that she did not even inform us until we had got our order.  My co worker then proceeded to order another roll after we found out about this secret menu.  I'm not sure what is the point of the secret menu if they don't show it to you until you after you receive your food.  What's the point?" That's all I have to offer you in the way of advice and opinion on Moto. Overall it is above average when factoring in the experience and goal of the restaurant. I wouldn't call it a ""sushi experience"" As for the sushi....I now have way too many sushi restaurants to try and they are all falling over themselves for your business. Sushi has become really ""hip"" lately but there will be a fall out in this category as the economy continues to slow and people This is truthfully the best sushi place in town! when your there dont forget to ask for the secret menu..... Sashimi is always fresh. Love the beer selection which they seem to mix up often. Great happy hour pricing. Sports on the LCD tv's. I love this place. Off hours are best. Beat the rush and get great service. Check it out. I will go back for the AYCE buffet and try the sushi..."  especially the ones listed on the underground menu (the volcano roll is to die for). We always go there for every special occasion. While it's true that the service is slow on Saturdays due to their all-you-can eat sushi special Oh! And ask for their underground sushi menu to spice things up a bit." UPDATE: the underground menu is above ground now - printed and pricey! The happy hour is still worthwhile and the beer list always has decent craft options (although they still lack a consistent cider for those who enjoy it and tend towards primarily hoppy beer choices). We still love the place and as we prepared to move cross-country  you will see that this is the exact mood and tone with which the place is run." One of my absolute favorites ........ yummy!  and rolls that look like they're made by Sushi-bot 5000 that shoots Krab as excrement. The fish themselves are atrocious and taste like they've had better days. The Krab seems to be some kind of binding agent they try to hide in every space imaginable just to fill you up. The sushi rice is the only thing that was prepared correctly and it was a blessing in disguise for it to be served by bushels in each bite. The service is borderline senile and their ""AYCE rules"" are written very condescendingly. As we were near finished  they have an event coming up in a few weeks I want to check out so I will give it a second try before I decide to put a stake in it and be done with it needs some improvement but am definitely willing to give it a second chance." c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA  tried them three times. Every time the service was infuriating and the food bland. Save your money."  I won't be back. Too bad it was my only Saturday sushi lunch option (Zen 32 Moto is not very good." Recently went back here for a special beer tasting and would have to say everything was a step up from the first time I was there except for the fact that it still smelled by fish.  don't know what they need to do to get rid of that smell but it would be a bit more pleasant if they did...might even get 5 stars!  but my trips to Moto are few and far between when Vince isn't there driving his tatted-up sushi and saki slinging serving staff."  and it tasted fine with an okay presentation. The green tea is unique and refreshing. We ordered the small Moto for dessert - and that was delicious and a small was plenty for two people.  Overall  but a once in awhile venture."  but for a dinner? Sure thing." c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA  but the service was so terribly slow I feel like being served by a sloth would have been more efficient."  and it is kinda on the pricey side when considering lunch.  Most sushi places offer lunch bento boxes  but I would go back just to have them again. They use wanton's as chips and pile on the cheese and fixins. Genious!" I wish this place was closer to my house." P.S. if you ride a motorcycle they have helmet/jacket hooks inside and allow parking on the side walk as the owner is a rider."  and they haven't let me down yet.  Love this joint - 5 stars - and get the Exit Wound bowl!!" It looked like they have a good Happy hour and a cute patio so I will definitely be back to try that out. Overall Great little neighborhood joint. Spent many a night drinking wine on the adorable little patio area."  as long as you don't order the sushi. The menu items are too good to pass up to order something that is sub-par or average."  and Tootsie roll).  I had ordered the Kalifornia and Tootsie roll.  You can really tell the experience of the Sushi Chef making the rolls.  The rolls are small I like this place and even though I have moved farther from this place than other sushi restaurants I will continue to go there until I am thoroughly disappointed." "I have been here twice. Both times I had a very positive experience. I have received good service  but it was the sweet sauce coating the fried chicken pieces. It was ok but a little tad sweeter than I like. Everyone had a fun time. I knocked them down to four stars because the service was terrible. We had to flag or get our waitress every time. She never refilled drinks or come back to check on the table. We had to get her attention and sometimes she is no where to be found." "I love this place and go there like a regular. It is not a typical sushi bar. My gf hates sushi and one side of their menu is dedicated to the ""non sushi"" person. It is a very stylish upscale but not pricey place. All the waitresses are super cool and quite sexy too. I see lots of families there and the regulars really are regular..whether at the bar or table they have a great selection of imported beer. maybe I think of it as a neighborhood sushi place." If you are looking for a trendy place with a great variety of food this is the place to eat.  There is a full service bar with a creative Sushi Chef to watch. It is a small resturant with a big menu." "Ordered two basic and simple rolls and received sushi that looked rolled by a child.  Sloppy presentation and rice was super tacky to the point of staleness.  Decided not to buy any more rolls since they failed the first two tester rolls.  If you cannot make a spicy tuna roll you have no business calling yourself a sushi place.  Pad Thai sounded yummy and ordered chicken added to the dish.  We were going to forgive the rolls since we can be a little snooty about sushi Not sure I would return."  because their sushi isn't very good and so it's overpriced if you go during regular times." great location and good service..food is good...but I am not a huge sushi lover so there you go  it was a pleasant lunch with pleasant service.  A few tweaks to the food would help bump it up in my book."  drinks are always good and there is a quality beer selection." The patrons seemed to be mostly in their 20s and 30s.  I think that's a good sign.  I'm giving Moto three stars because of their lack of substitution options and their high prices for sushi.  Their rice bowls seem like a good deal  try their ice cream rolls!  My little picky sister who doesn't eat fish loves this place and she will actually eat sushi here.  Try the ""volcano roll"" its very tasty.  Their salads "I was very surprised with the prices. This place is good and the sushi is cheap. The waitress we had gave us what she called the underground sushi menu. These are creative and all sounded good but we had the April roll. Tempura shrimp. real crab If you've recently been on a date to Olive Garden or Red Lobster.  You will think this place is amazing.  Then again When I need a sushi fix for lunch I'll be returning to Moto." "I gave Moto a few tries because it was the closest sushi place to where I was living (would get it for take out).  Each time I was mildly disappointed....sushi is medicore "One of my girlfriends comes here a lot on Sunday's with her husband. So  when she and I decided to grab dinner I suggested her usual sushi joint. It was my first time and was pretty busy for a Saturday night. Service was quick and efficient and I like their variety of beers they had on tap. I got the Vegas roll I definitely recommend Moto for anyone looking for a great casual sushi place that offers really great sushi It must be the combination of the sushi and the customers but I just didn't feel like I was in the right place for a great Japanese dinner. It almost felt like it was a restaurant that just happened to serve sushi but everything else about the place doesn't match. It just felt....off. It may be worth going back just to see what else is on their clever c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA  but the Vegas roll was still good. Fry anything and it works. The tootsie was our favorite and the spicy yellowtail our least. We couldn't finish our order and didn't order anything else. Our server said she felt bad for charging us both the ayce price when we only ordered one plate  3 orders of sushi and a small asian nacho and it came to $24. One big improvement over last time was the service was much faster. This place is good for dinner and the AYCE Sushi on Saturdays 8Bnw9_J2G3nZW1nkZwK9gA  I agree that this place seems like a great concept but falls down a little in its execution." Thank you for making no rice sushi rolls for me while I was on my diet!" do yourself a favor go to happy hour and get the dessert role." "This place is decent. The prices are alright and the menu has a lot more than just sushi. The service has kind of depended on the time of day I have gone. The lunch service has always been pretty good i was looking forward to trying moto for quite some time. but upon arrival for an 8pm dinner we sat down to be very rushed. the sever was very rude. but once receiving 4 different sushi rolls i had to tune out the annoying staff rushing people out the door because it was delicious! i would have loved to stay and try more but the waitress said the kitchen was closed and reminded us once more they close at 9pm. awesome food and prices... not so friendly service and hours. *I have no idea if this is still the same site anymore. I am not responsible for where the link leads.. now.. or in the future"  beer selection is great and being harassed by the owner makes every visit complete.  Vince  the 5th star is reserved for having one of the best desserts in town  this would be a happy hour goto for sure."  the bartender was more attentive to us than our server $25 for two at lunch."  seemed fresh. Nice staff."  try to do the take-out service if possible. It's the only way not to be disappointed. Eat in at your own risk. I don't drink so I can't speak for their alcohol  good lawd I was in heaven. I ate so much that I arrived looking ""skinny"" and I left looking as if I was expecting a baby sometime in the very near future lol. Sad case yes. Our waitress was extremely nice but a little overworked since it appeared as if she was working the entire restaurant solo. So if you are hankering for some sushi  just a touch of ranch and white rice that goes perfect. I will be back again. Just shows you that you should always give a place a second chance." "This is a local hotspot.  I've been going here for years and the employees say hello to you when you walk in.  Happy hour sushi M-F 3-6:15  just ask for it...it has some really great rolls listed. The hardest part is going to be choosing just a few...you're gonna want all of them. Most recently I enjoyed the Sasquatch Roll." Excellent service and food.  It was my first time eating Shashimi.  They served the tuna in the shape of a rose.  The friend I was with is an experienced sushi eater.  He thought it was very good.  Happy hour prices were good.  Half price rolls. i have not been here in a while but when i did go the food was rather good not too expensive at all i would return to this location  and I didn't think that was all that great - it sounds better on the menu than it actually is. You won't be disappointed here."  half of selected sushi rolls and two bucks of beer.  Good appetizers as well.  Saturdays they have all you can eat sushi for 18 bucks from 11-2:30...not sure if i will do that  kirin beers that you find at every sushi place but had a small number of american microbrew beers also.  They have a Saturday lunchtime all you can eat deal for $19 that can't be beat. The only reason I am not giving it 4 or 5 stars is the service wasn't very attentive and the regular prices are a little high."  we had 4 rolls and they were all good size and all tasted great!  Our waitress was very friendly and made sure we were always hydrated!  I am for sure gonna come back here!" We live by MOTO so we are kinda stuck when it comes to sushi establishments. The sushi blows. You can tell it isn't fresh fish and never taste super. The Mojo & beers are the only good things. I don't really trust a sushi place that hides the sushi makers in the kitchen...stuff probably looks like week old shit which it is. I am not saying you should mention the word underground to your server but I am not saying you shouldn't either  the curtains are cool and the beer selection included some micro brews. Not bad at all."  however the service was timely and on point. I would recommend this place to anyone that comes to Phoenix for sushi. Prices are not bad either  and healthy! Now go have some Sushi;)" What can I say? It's sushi and I love it. The Senorita roll is one of my favorites! Place isn't big and gets packed pretty quickly. You can't go wrong with any of their sushi selections there. Also can't count the number of time I have called in for a chicken teriyaki to go "We got take out from here during a spring break trip. Noodles "Just left this place after ordering sushi and waiting 1hr20min and left hungry. Food never came with Slow Hand Jack at the sushi bar...tho orders put in after ours were filled. We were given a table meant for 2 and squeezed our threesome in. And to top it off "I loveee happy hour at this place. Good beers and the happy hour sushi/appetizers menu is awesome! Brought a friend here who did not like sushi  and here they make a good one and it's 1/2 off during happy hour. I keep meaning to come for the all you can eat sushi! Try the Ice Cream sushi roll And if you're anything like me.. you will walk through the door and think ""HELLO MOTO!"""  but our rolls came out pretty quick. Everything was fresh and overall service was good. I would give it another chance."  the end pieces had the parts you don't eat so there were only like four pieces.  Overall it was okay and one of the only sushi places by my office (now that I work nearby) so I'll probably be back.  I'm open to recommendations...but I've definitely been to plentyyyy of better sushi spots.  Ohhh and the parking lot is a nightmare -- whether you're trying to run into Subway or Moto this shopping center is sheer chaos during lunch especially."  Moto offers all levels of spice.  Just be careful what you ask for.  If you know what I mean.  The name of the menu item will say it all."  sometimes can get busy but it's good to have places like this in the neighborhood (plus it's not a chain - bonus)." "We usually go here for their Sunday happy hour. The sushi is good and I've had their bbq pork noodles which have a lot of flavor  delightful and considerate. They were busy for lunch and it took a while to get our rolls. The food was tasty and just enough to fill our tummies." "Surprised that I loved this place.  Haven't been a big sushi fan in the past  but I almost always order dessert here. It looks like a sushi roll. You get rice krispy treats  just decent and this time it wasn't even that. Might be a while before we give it another chance." I would probably give it a 3.5 if I could." "This was my first restaurant in Phoenix. I was taken here for a lunch prior to an interview I had. I was pretty nervous about the whole situation so I don't remember too many details  management is mia. No idea how this place stays open."  3 to 6:15 Monday through Friday and all day Sunday. Also sit at the bar  me saying their creative sushi rolls are too expensive says a lot. If I want to pay $13 for a roll  the food is good - but the service is just so ridiculously bad..." PS - the portion sizes of some dishes (like yakisoba) are HUGE - two people could easily be satisfied by one entree here Must try the nachos and great happy hour!!!" "One of my favorite places in Phoenix. Best craft brews  we drive 55 miles to eat these bad boys! Hint: order the large size and don't share because seriously even if your full you can still eat more! My mouth is watering now for Papa Trans Riblets! Ok gotta go !" But considering that I lost my dinner after I got home The quality of service and product has also gone down. Sigh." Regular customers.  Like the food but went in tonight while it was busy and got horrible service- from the owner no less!  It's on thing to be busy but to be blown off like we were was very disappointing.  We probably wont go back.  Definitely won't recommend. c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA  this was a perfect choice for something that warmed me up and boy it sure did! I am curious about the Classified bowl which is rated a 6 fire on the hot scale  very relaxed but also fast and helpful in deciding what to order (I'm very conservative regarding spice and sushi)  Super clean  but she was nice and they were busy...so I will give her that :)" This place rocks.... Love going here and the owner is fantastic.  The staff is always friendly and remembers who we are.  Their Moto Chicken Salad is awesome and so are the rice bowls. The food is pretty horrible too. I CAN say the Asian chicken salad is pretty good but the rice bowls and sushi are all not good."  the server brought my wife and I a shot (I had both because she was driving) because she noticed my 5 year old kinda being a hand full and thought we could use it to unwind! How awesome is THAT? All in all  none of this matters because I got food poisoning. I'm guessing from the chicken because no one else in my party got ill and I was the only one who ordered chicken. Worst 48 hours of my life. I'll never return."  what bothered me was the fact that no manager or lead came to the table to apologize or at least buy me a beer.  There are three people at my table cleaning up ice and water I'll definitely be coming back here again on another Saturday when I don't plan on hiking so that I can actually partake in the All You Can Eat!" "Had very low expectations given some of the reviews read but despite busy lunch crowd  which incidentally were 1/2 price because happy hour on Sundays is 11am-6:15pm. She said they were excellent. Not one of our go-to places Vince the owner is fantastic and always here to ensure great service. (As is his fianc Janet) great people. Support local business! "Stopped in here for lunch one day and wasn't pleased with the experience. The rolls were warm and fell apart. The service was fair at best and the place wasn't even very busy. Not that Phoenix is known for it's Sushi Ordered a specialty roll that was $14 dollars called the mayflower and it didn't live up to my expectations. It had more cucumber then tuna and forgot the cream cheese and avocado. It should have been called the cucumber roll with a slab of tuna on top. The following day my friend and I became violently ill with food poisoning!  I will never go anywhere near MOTO again after this experience. Awesome inexpensive happy hour. The food is tasty - not just sushi. Great place to just hang out for awhile.  but it was worth it and the orders after were very quick. I also want to note that they serve a delicious grapefruit-flavored beer called Pink Killer  Cyndi thought she needed to add 20% gratuity to our bill so she didn't have to really work for a tip. Just an awful place." I mentioned to the owner once that I thought someone made a mistake with my sauce. It was too hot for me to finish my dish.  I told him I thought he should check that batch of sauce. I had eaten it other times with no problems. He giggled and told me a wild story about his plans to add an ""exit-wound level of spiciness to the menu. So hot it burns twice!""  I wished he had taken me seriously. BTW the ""exit-wound bowl"" is now on the menu.... see what I mean about his sense of humor?" I will say it is much harder to get parking since Sprouts moved into the area but that's the only downside."  this is probably the best bang for your buck HH around. Who doesn't appreciate cheap and delicious food? Obviously  Moto. We'll be back." I love MOTO. I Crave their Curry Soup. It is amazing. And their Moto Chicken Salad has been a favorite of mine since back in their Shogun Express days. I am so glad I found it again. I've taken out the large and it fed my daughter and I for 2 days. I try to hit MOTO whenever I am even close to that part of town!!! Owners need to consider taking this off the menu.  Would have sent it back but a co-worker went on a lunch run and picked this up for me to go.  Gross  love it! Happy hour is the bomb! Definitely recommend the Asian nachos and the sweet potato fries." Not the best sushi in the world but the happy hour prices can't be beat." I'll go here if someone else wants to and just deal  and there are a wide variety of choices. Miso soup is also quite nice as are the gyoza dumplings. This small (ish) place was hopping on a Friday night and we were happy to have reservations for our party of eight. We arrived about a half-hour early prepared to have a drink from the bar and wait for our 6:30 reservation. The hostess was not happy about this. I'm not sure why since we spent plenty of money at the bar AND we sat outside in the late afternoon summer heat. But her displeasure continued when she sat us as well. If the first person you meet in a restaurant is not friendly and welcoming Its our second time here and they messed up our order both times and the service is horrible.  I enjoy eating here and will continue to frequent Moto." "First don't tell me I can't sit in the booth when no one is in the restaurant. Service was horrible  I was charged the full $5.00 for Karen's lone 22oz Sapporo. B)There was a 20% gratuity included in the bill.(I don't know if it was policy or the server was feeling especially generous with my money):strike three. I did not raise the issue with the check because we didn't really miss the two bucks though Karen might have liked to have had the sake also Most of the other members of my group didn't like the food much either. My advice is that there are too many other places near Moto for good sushi and pho to risk trying this place." Sushi was average & choices extremely limited. Drinks watered down. Atmosphere and decor are tops  but what do you expect from a sushi place. Just know your boy and girl signs for the bathroom so you don't make the same mistake my boyfriend did "Go there for lunch often and I'm treated like Norm at Cheers. Love they remember my name. The servers and sushi chefs ( especially Ivan) can cut and roll some sushi! They have an underground menu you can pick from or just tell Ivan what you want in your roll ( custom)! I order the ""Sasquatch"" roll and I'm thoroughly satisfied. The noodles and any of the bowls there rival any sushi place around. They change out their beers weekly so you can enjoy many local brews. Try the ""stoner"" bowl and enjoy the spicy chicken/ ranch/ rice mix. Great for a hangover. It's local  I'd definitely go back for those nachos and to try something else on the menu." I love this place. Happy hour is 50% off selected items but those are delicious. Try the Asian Nachos. They have a good happy hour on Sundays. Sushi is pretty good but I didn't like the nachos.  and the vibe inside as well. All the sashimi and rolls have been wonderful.  Thank you!  Highly suggest visiting!"  we asked for the bill to cancel our order.  She talked us into staying and we did because of our loyalty to this place.  Eventually the food came with a hair in the sushi that we tried to ignore.  After receiving and paying the full price for our food North central Phoenix also lacks some good bars but Moto's definitely stands out if you're looking to get some drinks as well. Definitely recommend it." Hana has better Sushi/Japanese and is very near by on 7th ave."  we'll be skipping the sushi."  this is a great starter place for the non-adventurous types that fein at being adventurous. There is nothing weird on the menu and almost all of it tastes like chicken!"  had the audacity to tell me it was my fault because she didn't hear me say it the second time I had to call back in because my order was wrong.  The 3rd time I went in after I realized I was going to get sick  we walk out with a $15+tip bill and full bellies.. The food is great. I get the same thing almost every time I go in. The nachos are TO DIE FOR! I would also suggest the tootsie roll and gyoza (crispy). When I'm with my dad (and he is paying! :P) we order the Moto Chicken Salad-- so great! I eat here at least 2 times a month if not more. The waitresses are always friendly. Today we were in a hurry but really wanted happy hour sushi so they let us call our order in ahead (as you have to dine in for happy hour prices). We made it there in about 10 minutes and they had a table set up for us complete with waters and all of our food ready to eat! It absolutely made our day."  crunchy noodles and tasteless broth.... Look else where for Pho!!!"  Moto sports a rockin beer lineup which is almost unheard of in a sushi joint-they have happy hour every day of the week! The sushi was good "I love this place. The food is always delicious. I came for lunch today and had Pho which was as good as any Vietnamese place I've gone to. I don't know my waitresses name but she was adorable "The single most disgusting sushi experience I've ever had. Asian nachos were burned and tasteless  like too fast. I like the wings but too little for what they charge. Don't order pho either unless you never had Vietnamese noodles before then it probably tastes ok. But to everyone else that has We took a vote after we left and decided to add this place into our rotation." love love moto fresh fish cool atmosphere must try this hip mod place.  The noodles are out of this world and the sushi is the best in this part of town. Be prepared for a long wait this place is popular.  and the rice bowls are awesome. They also added the Pho soup which is excellent!"  especially for a place that isn't exclusively sushi.  My only gripe is their light beer selection is limited to Bud Light - everything else is IPA or Asian beer.  what's better than a Coors Light with Asian food?!  Nothing." The portions on the main dishes are pretty big. It was average joint. Nothing to get super excited about but it won't disappoint."  we liked the food and will definitely consider them for future eats."  I was craving the chicken salad. Got back to work to eat a limp cabbage tasteless chicken salad that i had to drown in extra spicy peanut dressing. What happened??? In the past this salad was amazing. I hope they stop the short cuts and not prep this salad ahead "This is my favorite cenpho sushi place. Other than Hana which is awesome. I really enjoy the spicy edamame and the jalepenko roll. I have not had anything bad though. We go once a Month or so and usually share some rolls. The people are very friendly "This place is more of a bar than a sushi restaurant. This sushi is pretty average. The quality and freshness just isn't quite there. I've been to many sushi joints in my time "You know you're in a sushi place when you walk in and it smells like a fish market... in a good way. Food was super fresh well prepared. The September roll was spicy crispy excellent. The veggie spring roll was plenty big as an appetizer I went here for lunch on Saturday for the All-you can eat sushi.  It wasn't very crowed which is to say they had available seats at the bar and tables empty.  I sat at the sushi bar and waited 15 minutes before anyone acknowledged me.  The sushi chef asked if I had been helped.  I said no.  He said someone will be right with me.  5 min later I finally get a drink.  I stopped the guy and told him to just take my order and that I wanted the all you can eat special.  The chef was busy the whole time making orders so this isn't his fault but I got my food about 15 min after ordering.  My second order took almost 20 min.   Its hard to justify an all you can eat deal when it takes so long to get food.  They really need a second chef to help with the sushi.  They weren't attentive and it was really a sub par experience at best. Good Spring rolls and my wife loves the sushi!" I liked the food! Ordered grilled salmon and a side salad. Both wear great! The ginger dressing on the salad was really good. I will come back. Service was courteous and attentive."  and do not dine here....and WHATEVER you do...dont take anyone here for dinner Love this local sushi spot. A must try in central Phoenix! They have a great selection on the menu! The fish is very fresh. You can spot me there at least once a week! +++ They never answered me. Don't waste your money on a subpar restaurant. I would have happily spent  the 30+ dollars for my meal on a quality lunch at Hana or Sushi Ko  all of which was very good.  I look forward to another opportunity to return and try other rolls on the menu.  Oh and you definetly have to try the MOJOS Stop in for happy hour  as well as the crispy gyoza served with cilantro and ponzu sauce.  My favorite roll was the Alaska roll which has smoked salmon on top with crab mix inside.  We sat at the bar and received excellent service.  They have a good selection of craft beers on tap and they will let you try samples to see which one you might prefer.  It has modern decor inside with original art on the wall  the wait staff is highly distracted and it takes a long time for them to come check on tables. Is it because they are short staffed or not really interested in customer service? I shouldn't have to wait every visit for my water glass to be refilled. Good food  hardly came to the table at all. I didn't try the spicy tuna because I'm 9.5 months pregnant but my sister couldn't even choke it down because the fish tasted bad. We had to scarf our food down because my sister had to return to work. We didn't  anticipate it taking 40 minutes for two sushi rolls and some fried dumplings. It would have been one thing if it was busy  recommendations / warnings (there is a stoner bowl and an exit wound bowl).  This is what fusion SHOULD be.  The smoked salmon sashimi is presented as a rose Service was only okay. She wasn't the friendliest and we had to wait for longer than normal each time we needed anything "I took my daughter there for her 14th birthday on 12/17 and it was the worst service I have had in a long time. The waitress brought my food first and then my daughters sushi. If she was a good waitress she should have waited to put in my order so both orders came to the table together. It was 15 minutes before the ""Birthday Girl"" received her dinner. The sad part about this whole ordeal was she ""chose"" this restaurant for her birthday dinner. We were both so upset that we wanted to leave and  not tip the waitress. Unless the owners hire or train the waitresses better I sat at the bar and the service was great (always has been good the two times I've been to Moto)." Been going here for years.  The food and service is going downhill.  Last night entrees arrived 15 minutes apart.  Manager who appeared to be about 16 said it was because they have two kitchens? Apparently they don't talk to each other. Avoid "This sushi place has been a favorite for sometime. They are decent with  prices and ambiance. The food is good "Sushi is okay but a little over priced.   Service isn't the best either.  They have had Fox News on every time I have been there  and i will keep coming back.  I hope the owner reads this and finds the comments constructive and helpful." So good! We had the April roll! Years have passed yet the service is still the worst of any restaurant I have been to in the last 5 years. The waiters pretty much ignore you once you are seated. And once they take your order? Forget about it. Refill on a drink? Forget about it. Don't like how the food tastes? Forget about it. I have only had equally bad sushi at Albertson's. Both the presentation and the flavor seriously left something to be desired. If you're even considering this place for happy hour I will never return and I will never recommend. By far the worst customer service I've received."  Vince the owner has a great flare for combining Asian influences for delicious menu. Great appetizers one of my go-to spots when I go to town. pretty much everything is very good. Yaki soba tasty but dry.  the drinks and rolls came lickety split and all was fresh and flavorful.  Leftovers were cheerfully boxed and just as tasty for the next day's lunch.  My favorite part of Moto is that the rolls are a little skinnier than most others and therefore it's easier to eat one entire piece at a time without cutting it or biting in half.  Manageable bite sized pieces.  The dessert roll is always a hit.  We'll go back."  I'm Still so OG I took a photo of the paper version! Took a friend for his first and it was awesome! Jalapenko roll and Volcano are favs. To the yelp haters (the best part is where they call you out on the menu!) Did you try it more then once? Where you pissed because it was busy? Did your handcrafted sushi take to long? Go to revolving sushi then! This place is worth a forty mile drive for a friends first time sushi! Try the Mojo's your inner fat kid will thank you! If you don't like fish why are you here? Moto on!  I'll keep coming long as I'm in state and I love breaking in sushi virgins here! Tess was amazing! If you think you can handle hot order mustard gas and tell us about it in your review!" Good customer service. Saw other reviews that they didnt like customer service. Seems they have changed that! Decent happy hour. Excellent wings....! Good sushi. Very different beer menu!  the food was pretty great. the owner was taking the time to make sure everything was good  relaxing--can be pricey but worth it. Asian nachos are the best--will be back." This place could be five stars if they fix the service and cooking (That sounded like a complement in my head).  What I mean to say is Moto has a good vibe and a great menu.  Maybe next time..." Everyplace we go we will order the California roll and tootsie roll.  The California roll tasted so fresh I was actually surprised. It was very tasty and we both loved it.  The tootsie roll was also very good. The eel aside was very sweet and tasty. I had a hard time tasting the fish in the tootsie roll but I enjoyed it nonetheless. We used the low sodium soy sauce and that was rather salty the wasabi was fresh as was the ginger.  We give it 4 fish heads out of 5" "I drive out of my way just to go here. I know a lot of people have had negative experiences but I can only speak to the one item I get The place is small but cute and clean. I'd go back since its right near my office." I've visited Moto on several occasions and will be here several more before I leave."  and her answer was ""i don't think so.  It comes in a bottle"".  We said - we only want a glass and she repeated the same thing. ( Is that as opposed to a box?)   I just ordered it anyway and low and behold it was not very good.   We then ordered our food.  My two friends ordered sushi.  They were just starting to eat when a server came by and asked for the soy sauce.  My friends asked if she was going to replace it 2 1/2 hrs for lunch really? Poor service and waitress dropped the whole tray of sake and beer on the floor beside us. Then proceeded to clean it up while we sat another 10 mins without drinks.. No manager came by to check on us or bothered to say anything at all. I will be checking this place off my list" Thank you for paying attention and cleaning the grates !! My OCD part of the review: The decor was almost there besides the hideous zebra vase. I know that this part of the review is obsessive but look at the picture! Haha I couldn't stop looking at it during dinner."  we even said good luck to the people next to us who had been waiting to get their order taken for more than 15 minutes." I've been coming here since it opened. I've made excuses for it many times because I enjoyed the convenient sushi it consistently provided. I never understood why a section of the bar always has a reserved sign just in case the owner showed up. But I kept coming even though I felt my kids were unwelcome (broken high chairs and menu instructions about keeping them from touching the blinds) because I wanted them to enjoy sushi instead of chicken nuggets. After the anniversary party I just can't take it anymore. What's with the Teen Mom wedding style zebra vases and Ikea style cafeteria tables that are so narrowly placed they scream awkward at the thought of squeezing through them?! Now an entire new serving staff dressed like a mechanics with a red handkerchief. I'm done.  sushi is great with a lot to offer on the menu. The waitresses are very friends and the service is always fantastic!"  just to be obscure.  Spring rolls were chock-full of 'filler'.  Not what we were expecting...with a $75 bill."  as it clearly states on the menu: Which is just  as funny as two-day-old sushi. If only your service was as good as your ego is big  they were impressive. I will be ordering those again! I may have a new favorite! Fantastic atmosphere and always spectacular service. It's probably one of the best places to meet for lunch or have a nice dinner. I never feel over or under dressed whether I'm going casual or dressed up for a date with the hubby. It's a comfortable "THE WORST...That's all I can say. Tried Spicy Tuna Here i was thinking Sushi which i don't eat and it turn out to be a excellent choice by her boss who was"" cool and in the know.""" PS - Try their iced green tea! So good!" Happy hour isn't bad."  including the kitchen staff. They are always having there own conversations while we sit and wait for someone to fill our drinks or take our order. I've watched our food sit in the window for several minutes with no one else willing to deliver our food while the bartender is busy(no teamwork at all). They get overwhelmed very easily and can't handle a crowd. I've overheard the owner talking about how he hates yelp which is just not something you want to hear. We will be back as it's in the neighborhood and the unlimited sushi is a great deal on Saturdays." Let's put it this way I didn't even leave tip.The only thing that was right was 2 rolls we ordered and the drink order.I've been eating sushi longer than our server has been alive.But for some reason our server felt the need to tell us that nigiri is sushi which I clearly said sushi not rolls nor sashimi.Wont be going back.  but the standout menu item is the curry soup - it's the best!  If you're looking for a great Asian fusion meal with great service at a quaint restaurant  and my daughter and I left most of the food on our plate. Server was indifferent." Absolutely love this place! The nachos are KILLER GOOD!!!!! Can't go wrong with this place! "Ordered their Pho and it was good- the flavor was amazing but it had grilled chicken which made it a bit dry.  However  blandest and over-priced sushi/sashimi I've ever had. There was a bone in my salmon sashimi. No plans to return." Amazing place!!! The most friendly place in Arizona without a doubt! Everyone is extremely nice and food is fantastic! We went here for a late lunch (around 2.30pm on black friday) which is a slow time. Only us and a few more people in the restaurant. We're big sushi fiends and the selection here was mediocre - through the quality of what they had was great. Desert mochi was scrumptious and the rolls.we tried instead of the sashimi variety were also great. Decor is a bit weird especially if you get seated in the awkward area in the back near the rest rooms."  I'm glad they still are because I love their rice bowls. They are good. I can't think of the name right now but ugh. It's so good. It burns your mouth but it's a good burn. I hope this place stays open decades and decades to come."  little did we know we got the same waitress and she had more of an attitude this time. She was rude to my sister and that is the last straw with this place. When I worked in the food industry I was nice to even those who I thought didn't deserve my kindness I've been going to Moto for years and always have a great experience.  The staff is friendly.  The food is great.  They have a good selection of fresh sushi and a ton of other items if you don't want sushi.  One of the best things is their EXCELLENT beer selection.  One night a truck hit a power line across the street and the power went out.  Our meal had just gotten done and they served us and everyone in there by candlelight.  They had great attitudes and were able to turn a negative into a beautiful night.  I highly recommend Moto! And then they have the most awesome Asian dessert - ""Mojo's""!! (ice cream sushi rolls). Be sure to save room!"  avoid this place if you have any respect for yourself."  and never pushy. I don't eat a lot of sushi but I was very satisfied with my Las Vegas roll. Rebecca did admit that it was only her second day (never would have guessed) so I'm hoping that means the owners are taking action on the previously bad service reviews. I will certainly eat there again." The owners are awful people. Look at what they wrote on the menu??? Wtf who treats customers like that?  I'll never come back  I've come here several times and enjoyed everything I tried on their menu. The happy hour is a joke Great sushi spot in Phoenix. The sushi is very well prepared and tastes delicious! Service is good and the atmosphere of the restaurant is nice and mellow. Also their beer selection is a over average and they change the beer they carry all the time making it fun to try new ones. All in all I would recommend Moto to anyone.  and I was worried I wouldn't be able to find anything good to eat because I don't like sushi. Fortunately Place was nice and clean  . Server was prompt . We tried the tuna roll and California  roll the rice was cold and dry . We also ordered  orange chicken  and teriyaki   beef. Both were very sweet.maybe a little  over cooked.  our server was fantastic! The staff is always friendly and attentive. In my experience  probably the best I've ever had...light and crispy.  Their Asian slaw is phenomenal.  Portion size is HUGE... The server "Worst customer service I've ever experienced. Food is actually decent but their lack or care and absolute disregard for the customer is unacceptable. If you wait too long for your food or to be seated they do not care nor do they apologize. If you request a substitution due to allergies etc they refuse to accommodate any requests. Even if you are willing to pay an upcharge. Additionally I ordered the surfer roll... It may have been the worst thing I have ever ordered.. I hope they read this review and change it but I won't be returning for at least 6 months to a year.."  and love the atmosphere as well as the sushi! It's a must try!"  are all great people and provide top notch service. Love the food  but will love exploring everything on the menu. Be sure to save some room for their Ice Cream sushi rolls (Mojo's) I miss there all you can eat sushi Saturdays during happy hour." the Tonia salad was amazing so much chicken it had a lite breading  just right amount of acidity for the dressing but I add a little but of the mustard gas wing sauce to mine to spice it up man so good wife and the pho noodles that was good. it  wasn't  as good as mine our sever was grate went over the menu drinks got filled all the time didn't ever need to ask for anything and I find there signs funny people need to stop taking it personal I will be back very soon"  dinner. Long been a fan of the variety of spring rolls and noodle bowls. Also like appys like the riblets and wings.  Good beer selection c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA "My family comes here at least twice a week. I moved out of town and they use to tell me when they were going out to dinner to make me jealous  I miss Moto so much. The service is awesome. The food is authentic. Every time I go to a sushi place I compare it and I never get the results I get at Moto. Honestly Three stars for inconsistency of food preparation and service for pretty regularly leaving something out of a takeout order." Ordered food for pick up during my lunch hour and they said ready in 30 min. I arrived 30 min later at and had to wait until 11:55!  They could have at least offered me a drink of water after I wasted my lunch waiting. All to receive a tiny peace of salmon in my very dissapointing salmon bowl .  this is the only roll that I would order again. Seems like the happy hour sushi is the cheap stuff. I would stick to the regular menu." This is one of the top sushi places I have been to in the entire vally. The sushi chef even says he does private parties. Take a look at the catipillar roll picture I posted! Amazing... this place has awesome sushi. get the tootsie roll or one of the spicy bowls. the staff is very friendly. "4 stars only because the only thing I dislike here is the bill. Food and service are always outstanding. When I get the Exit Wound for takeout The reason for the 4-Star review is sometimes the wait can be rather slow. Some food items seem to take much longer than others and leaves you waiting  cream cheese and avocado.. First two pieces had nothing but rice.. There was a little sliver of avocado in the last two pieces.. As someone who has served sushi at a different restaurant  they could stand to be a little bigger. But they are supported by the magical broth. I am noting that the next time I catch a cold Wouldn't seat me at a table because I was by myself... waited 5 minutes without having my drink order taken at the bar... left...  I would give 5 stars to Moto. My husband and I left dinner from one of our favorite places disgusted and mortified by the stranger in the purple polo strange and unprofessional behavior. I hope he reads this review and feels ashamed and apologizes to his hard working staff." Great beer and great good- never had any thing bad here! Service is really great too! "This is the ultimate Asian gastro pub and not a traditional sushi place. The beer menu is so outstanding I do not think there is a better one in the central corridor. The sushi is always delightful. The bowls are spicy and are a super value. The seaweed salad is super sized and very good. Miso is also good. I have never had a bad meal. The only negatives are the seating options for large groups It hits home! I liked the flavor of the pad thai and the spring roll. I thought it was really nice and flavorful. Huge servings and friendly staff. This visit is 5star rated for me.  they really ought to have some combo/sampler platters on their menu to help those who are not sushi-literate or just can't make up their minds. The menu offers other entrees for non-sushi people. For dessert  you'll get a rack of sake that'll feed your senses and get you ready for a raw fish treat.  Presentation is pretty nice "Very trendy sushi place situated in central Phoenix.  The set-up of the restaurant is nice Hit or miss.  Trendy.  Service can be slow.  I used to come here years ago but haven't been in a while because I had one too many so so dining experiences.  I think there are better places for sushi in the valley. "This was one of the few spots that I actually enjoyed in the whole city.  We went here for late night drinks and they were serving up free sushi and fried won ton.  On top of that I even think I got sick on the happy hour sushi here a while back.  I'm blaming it on the vodka tonic and not the warmed over salmon roll They have some very unique rolls that have interesting flavors... I also recommend the yellowtail citrus appetizer... it is excellent... If you go there the head sushi chef is Harold and always has something special if you ask... Last time i had some super tuna spicy something that was out of this world.  ENJOY!!!"  but its sheer size definitely identifies it as a Scottsdale restaurant.  The place is huge NDKkce5Au-o_OhIt5f2ZBg This is a must-try for fans of sushi. Forget Ra. Forget Stingray. Come here. It's more laid back and "One of the better sushi restaurants in Phoenix.  I have had good experiences dining there  and the drinks were reasonably priced. Would go again for sure!" Most of the people giving Zen 32 4 or 5 stars haven't experienced good sushi. Then again "Really good sushi and pretty good variety of other entree choices. It's our favorite sushi place in Phoenix The Blue Burrito of Sushi..Bad sushi in a totally average environment..If you can't go to Sakana or Hiro Sushi certainly try this.. So basically you have to do the math and see if the +'s outweigh the -'s. I think they do I expect it to be shut down when I come back to town.  Good spot for something new." NDKkce5Au-o_OhIt5f2ZBg My advice is to go here when it's not so busy and have your night out somewhere else."  I'm not paying $10 for a brownie. Just walk on over to the Gelato Spot afterwards instead. Oh  and the sushi is perfect." Great atmosphere...kinda of a chic.  Sushi was ok for Phoenix standard.  Sushi was not as fresh as other places...some of it was too fishy which is a bad sign that it's not fresh.   I'd order more of the cooked or veggie items to avoid a bad stomach ache.  There are other places that serve better sushi.  Only come here for the atmosphere. My boyfriend did eat a piece of squid for me!!!  That is my best memory of Zen 32.  I'm not sure he actually chewed or tasted it  the 32 stood for the number of minutes you wait before your server arrives. I get the style over substance restaurants. Sometimes it's about the scene and not the grub. And sometimes that's what I'm up for. And that's what Zen 32 is to me. Average sushi quality. Not as horrific as some have yelped. Words like. Crap. Horrific. Vomit. Really? Not very Zen of them It was like every roll that we ordered was drenched in a teriyaki sauce. The sushi was craptastic and the price sure as hell didn't reflect it. The service was okay my favorite sushi place in phoenix. creative and fun. the lines can be a little much.  service was ridiculously lackluster. We were seated outside with a beautiful view of the cars passing on 32nd St  but he's harder to please. I thought it was too expensive for not being fresh enough. We did however have one of the nicest waitresses ever; I believe her name was Stephanie. So the 2 stars are for appetizer and Stephanie." We were sat immediately at a booth/table and brought out waters by a busser.  While looking at the menu and drink list I noticed how dimly lit the place was and the music was some low playing repetitive Japanese flute music (better then house-trance I guess). One of the oriental dressed waitresses approached our table and gave us each a small cold cucumber salad and took our drink order.  A few minutes later she approached to see if we had questions or wanted to order a main dish.  We told her just sushi tonight and she leans in and picks up the menu we filled out and says  go to Zen 32 for the ambiance. Not the food or drinks. Perhaps bring friends you dislike and watch them eat?" This place is a hip Camelback quarter place. Not too trendy like the here today gone tomorrow Scottsdale variety. The place has been there for a long time and serves consistently good sushi. Worth a try if you are in the area  will I go back to Zen 32 again.  Yes.  Is it my first choice? Not quite."  the food is good and reasonably priced...but something is missing from this place for me to give it 5 stars...there happy hour is OK...but I feel it is about time the Owner Lenny maybe did a bit of remodeling to give it the WOW again. Otherwise one of the better sushi bars to go to in the valley!!!" I'm probably not the best judge here.  I really enjoy the bar.  It's small and easy to talk with people.  The food is average...but I like the place overall.  needless to say my girlfriend and I were lucky we have two bathrooms at our house."  selection and sushi are tried-and-true. And that's all that matters to me. Mmmm."  or Old Town Scottsdale's Kyoto.  I definitely am not a fan of Ra." I'll be back today to pick up my shirt  not for me). But it's so far from Japanese food/sushi as to make them guilty of false advertising. See my Stingray review for a similar take on the food experience. If you FAIL rice Happy hour prices are reasonable so check'em out when you have time and enjoy the atmosphere."  go here.  u won't b paying 4 what the sushi is worth." "UGH. I ate here for my last night after spending my whole summer in Phoenix/Scottsdale and it was perhaps the worst decision (and my least favorite place I ate at over the entire summer)! I was thoroughly bummed with my dining experience after hearing constantly how Zen 32 was supposedly ""the hip"" place. I was completely unimpressed with the hostesses and the service (which was slow oooo I forgot about that little cucumber salad too...yumm!"  the saki bombs are quite bomb =)" "Went to Zen for lunch today with a friend....waited at the hostess station for a server to seat us....no one came....finally the chef said we could sit anywhere...we sat down...waited ten minutes for a server to come to our table to just even bring us water and menus...never happened...we got up and left without ever seeing anyone. They only had about 10 customers on the patio and NO ONE inside but us....this was sad....we saw servers walking in and out and a few even made eye contact with us  so it was basicly just average teryaki fare..nothing super special. with such mixed reviews on here..i'm not surprised my experiance was nothing super special."  keeping the dishes clear and my drink full as well as giving some very yummy suggestions! My only complaint is that the menu tells you what is included with a roll but doesnt specify whether its on the inside or the outside of it. The atmosphere and decor was dark and secretive  I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the fish and types of rolls available. Presentation was great as well. I would definitely return for a meal here."  their open late. This is defiantly one of the best  Sushi Restaurant I've found here in Phoenix.   Needless to say This place is more about the scene than the sushi.  I just don't think that the sushi is anything to write home about.  which was a standout along with a tootsie roll and a couple of others. The happy hour prices are very good though the rolls on the happy hour menu are pretty basic. Would definitely go there again." NDKkce5Au-o_OhIt5f2ZBg  but the service gave it that extra boost." Next time...we are going to meet somewhere in Tempe for sushi happy hour." One of my top restaurants!" I know I won't be back for the sushi." This is a good place for happy hour with a date or friends."  the service was nice but you might want to bring your own sushi if you're going to eat here..."  they have fresh chopped wasabi available on request and a great selection of cold Sake. Hentai isn't back but Anime replaced the video effects. I'm happy to go to Zen 32 again."  funny server.  I have nothing to fault the place with.  I'll keep going - No plans to go there again"  but they seem a bit pretentious for the overall quality of food. Zen 32 (to me) is a casual restaurant at heart. Beneath the neon color-changing pillars and pan-flute ""Cherry Blossom Serenity"" soundtrack NDKkce5Au-o_OhIt5f2ZBg "This is kind of a funny sushi place. Not too sure the owner knows the difference between chinese and japanese decor/outfits but the food is decent. Good environment. A little small (if I remember right) inside but the outside dining is ok (if it's not a billion degrees outside in AZ). The sushi is about as good as most places here in AZ  I am pretty sure I will be back for more (but maybe sitting inside next time)."  without rice. The salmon and tuna low-carb rolls are my favorites. The atmosphere is nice. They have a great bar and patio. They also have a reverse happy hour from 10-midnight. Zen is also open later than many other places in the Valley on weeknights. Dine in or take out." Another time had to split bill with friend who came along and waiter mixed up bills so had to figure it out by giving him extra cash."  and in another six months I'll move up to 5 stars."  but I think the prices are just to high.  I just think they should crank it up a notch with the service if they're gonna be so pricey."  and steamed veggies. And the seaweed salad is enough to feed two peeps. A filling meal for not much dough."  even though we took forever to order!  I will be back for dinner again!  But I can't say how soon My biggest complaint was the smell of the restaurant. It smelled like a mix of disinfectant and cheap cologne. It was really strong and made me a little sick to my stomach..." I have eaten here several times only because it it right around the corner from my house. The sushi was good the first time we ate there and has been down hill ever since. It tasted like the prepackaged sushi you find at the store and the rolls are so small. We ordered a philly roll and a california roll and all you can taste was the cream cheese and cucumber. Totally disappointed. I walked away from Zen 32 and I won't be back."  ended up going over to Hava Java and Gelato Spot had a better time there. Not really the best place for a large group since twice had issues with service when we had 15 people both times. Had made reservations as well and still messed up our checks and forgot my friend`s sashimi!"  but its just not good. There's no other way to say it. We've gone multiple times always hoping to like it but its just not fresh or that good. Don't get me wrong - its not BAD  and a roll and a half each? Roughly forty dollars. If you like sushi My new favorite sushi place in the valley."  ambiance is not so bad.  This is another place that the pretty people go to.  When I think of great sushi I'm looking for an authenic family run restaurant with some flair.  Still I keep coming back here every so often The atmosphere is dim and intimate. They also have a patio (with heat lamps). Overall  this place apparently has a great happy hour and serves sushi until midnight which is great when you're craving late night sush. Would I go back and eat here again? I would...but only if I really had to."  just not the total package :("  is outstanding and the servers very friendly and attentive. They make the best Chocolate Martini in the state using Godiva to finish it off. One other reviewer mentioned ""pretty people"" and I agree  but don't expect a top notch experience being that it's near the Biltmore."  but I wish that they would box up their awesome cucumber salad (sunomono?) that they offer complimentary when you dine-in. I also ordered nigiri  and the service was friendly and prompt. I'm absolutely looking forward to coming back!"  offer crayons. Our unicorn drawings would've been much better had we had more colors than our blue pen." We'll keep going and going.... and going!" "My fave sushi spot in Phoenix. Nice atmosphere Also check out Gelato Spot - which is across the street - for dessert. YUM."  the drinks are good and if you can get over the fact that the waiters have Chinese dress at a Japanese restaurant then its not too bad. Oh yeah they're the only place that's open late." I might look elsewhere for finding sushi downtown. Nakama is still by far my favorite place."  two rolls and a couple of trips to the buffet table...I was stuffed and my budget was not shattered.  Thank you Kara  for being the first to make me tired of sushi. A friend bought me this meal and I still regret it. It's that bad."  and I bring almost everyone I know to this place." Lenny is the king of schlock food!"  you had a great fifteen years!" Seeking an investor and keeping the well established business open seems like a better alternative in my eye. Giving up doesn't seem fit.  the Zen Punch made me feel fuzzy all over and I couldn't get enough sushi and zen triangles. I am no sushi aficionado but I sure do eat it a lot and I know the crap from the scrumptious. Zen always served up some good eatin' and was a great neighborhood hang out for many years. Good bye If you want a good sushi bar go to Yasu on E.Cactus ." "Oops I had put this under wrong Shogun. Sometime's this place can be hit or miss depending on who the chef is. I really miss the one they had on Dynamite it was alt larger but this one used to be tiny they have expanded and it's nice. Mainly we go there because we usually know atleast one person that still works there and their roll portions to me seem larger than most other places. You must order their specialty called the Surfer when I started going there ages ago it was not on their menu you had to ask for it  hassle free lunch.  Thank you Shogun." AFTER A SOLID FRICKIN' HOUR we just left." -INSERT FINAL EXPLETIVE HERE-"  but nothing fancy at all.  There are much better sushi places to choose from - even in AZ!"  over competent chefs.  THEN a waiter with hair to his shoulders (not tied back) ducks behind the sushi bar to get a dish. The 2nd & 3rd times A typical stop-in is for a beer and a snack in between shopping-always makes the errands much more enjoyable...."  well before they bought out the other side and built the bar area.  The sushi bar is always the way to go as you can be in and out in 20 minutes.  They have a fun little patio for groups (when it's not 115 outside).  I'd much rather support this establishment that has been locally owned forever than head out to another cookie cutter sushi chain." r7Ge8_c5Y2TXthb4CSjzaA  but certainly not an upper tier establishment." Food doesn't have to be perfect  cavernous sport-bar/pool hall sort of feel.  Basically no redeeming features here."  some are off base - this is my perspective from over more than a few years of being a semi-regular dinner."  we realized that we lost track of time and had to get tot a birthday party in less than 25 minutes. The chef canceled the last roll and put a rush on our bill. We were able to get out in less than 5 minutes. The staff was friendly Just sit in the bar... they take care of you there!" I can only speak for the food - not the sushi-  the shogun chicken with noodles and the shogun salad are the signature dishes and I LOVE THEM!  Consistently yummy for years. - nothing like it anywhere else.  Don't let the sushi haters scare you away from the regular menu - everything I've had has been great!  Ps never had a problem with service either. "Wow!  This is a great restaurant for sushi.  The staff was nice and the food was great.  There's a pretty lively atmosphere.  It's a bit on the pricey side but then again  almost like eating dessert.  I'm really surprised how reviewers have not picked up on this great little sushi bar inside a Japanese restaurant.  What is also amazing is that it is maybe 0.2 mi away from a terribly overpriced trendy sushi only place that I found had terrible service and sushi that was not nearly as good as Shogun!  Nice job!" Have not made it to Shogun in a really long time. This time Monday right after the lunch rush and before they closed before dinner I was really surprised! The chef behind the counter Sergio totally recognized us right away it was comforting to know after going somewhere for 10 yrs falling on tough times and not being able to afford it for 2 yrs that you are still remembered. My tip is to sit at the sushi bar and no where else of course that's if there's an empty seat and you can. Each chef makes the rolls different I suggest you go with the OG chefs that know how to get it done.  and great happy hour specials."  ""Surfer Roll"" ""Sunshine Roll"" ""Sunset"" ""Caterpillar Roll"". My favorite hand rolls would be the ""Soft Shell Crab Hand Roll"" ""Spicy Tuna Hand Roll"" ""Spicy Wahoo Roll"". My favorite sashimi would be the yellowtail sashimi with orange roe "I have been going to Shogun for over 10 years. Some of my favorites are the sunshine roll "I'm giving this two stars only because our server was great.  We went for happy hour and perhaps that was the problem...the spicy tuna roll wasn't spicy and tasted like they made it yesterday.  The tuna tataki didn't taste fresh and was rather bland.  We tried the inferno roll r7Ge8_c5Y2TXthb4CSjzaA  this is one of my go to spots when I have a deep need for some Chicken Katsu. I have had this dish at other restaurants and none come close to Shoguns."  not oily at all. This place is like home for us. My kids consider it their favorite stop.The tempura is crisp and flavorful- no worry of dirty over used fryer oil. I don't need to be seen at trendy places- I just want consistent meals that I have grown to love. It is perfect for girls lunch out and the bar side is fun with all the upbeat 80's music. I used to go to the bar when it was a separate establishment called Paradise Lounge. I probably have been here over 100 times. I have been in a Chef in AZ for 25 years and I know good quality ingredients when I taste them. This is the place."  with a smattering of sushi rolls....it is what it is....a great value for Japanese food."  you have to ask for it. They won't offer it. There was another item that you had to request as well. I say BooOOOooooOOOOOOooo!!!  The only thing that might be worth it is the Sake. I didn't have any but a lot of the patrons had Sake on their tables and they all seemed to be on a good one.." They have a great happy hour too - it allows you to try a variety of sushi at 1/2 price.  Def try the Godzilla tails.  Too much fun!"  he goes to the back to get her she goes to the sushi bar and this other lady comes over to us. she said well what do you want to do? get your food and go or just go? she was incredibly rude but we ended up getting the rolls about 15 minutes later and she says ""hey thanks guys"". WHAT?! She was the WORST manager i have ever seen deal with a bad situation  but had a decent amount of people there.  Nice for a girls' night out and near the office.  As the rating says Service isnt too bad and most times we have been seated quickly." Best time to go: HAPPY HOUR. You can get godzilla tails for 5$ also the sushi is half off. The beer and sake are next to nothing. GO!!!!!!" We sat at the bar on a Saturday afternoon for lunch.  Probably 10 people in the place.  We were there for a half an hour with our roll card filled out and the chef never even looked at it.  We walked out and never ate.  I don't care how good the food is Our waitress was good as well. Kept drinks full and very nice. Had a great time and can't wait to introduce friends to this place!"  but I've always loved what I've had here. The Chicken Katsu is also very good.  I hope the good service we experienced indicates a wholesale change and was not just an anomaly.  But after being this close to calling it quits on this place entirely (and I've been eating here for 15+ years) You could easily live very happily on just these three dishes" Great sushi and the service has been excellent! Can't wait to go back!  so read the menu carefully.  The sashimi is good although a bit uninspired.  The presentation is not as pretty as other restaurants  and we eat whatever he puts in front of us. He has never ceased to amaze us. Shogun rocks! Try the surfer roll if you're hungry; you won't be disappointed!"  and my husband and I recently decided to give their Happy Hour a try.  We parked the car There are a ton of great sushi spots in this area so Shogun really needs to step it up to be in line with their competition. (Thank God for Yasu's!)"  and nice presentation.  The patio outback is nice and romantic too." They definitely take their sushi seriously.  Thats a good thing...cause so do I!  See you soon!"  but their sushi is good.  Their lunch specials are a steal and the waiter staff is nice and assertive.  I'd also like to note that their regular rice and teriyaki (or other prepared meat) bowls are huge  a total of 2 nigiri orders and 4 rolls...... IT WAS $100 DOLLARS.... I HAVE NO PROBLEM SPENDING EVEN TWICE THAT MUCH. BUT FOR A CRAP VERSION OF STRIP MALL SUSHI??? NO WAY... THIS PLACE JUST BLOWS... NOT A JAPANESE GUY EXISTS WITHIN TWO BLOCKS OF THIS PLACE...THE CLOSEST JAPANESE GUY IS TWO BLOCKS AWAY AT YASU. HELL  they encourage you to sign up for their email list and then when you inquire about the emailed advertisements they won't honor them. Happy hour menu has only 3 sushi rolls "I would have given them one star except the manager the next day handled our situation perfectly!  I ordered a sushi roll (along with my husband) and our children ordered a meal.  I am a little picky since I only like ""soy paper"".  Since I know that people sometimes don't read the paper - we specifically told the waitress ""soy paper"" and pointed it out.  When all the food came; seaweed it was.  We sent it back r7Ge8_c5Y2TXthb4CSjzaA  but I did not sample that. I think there must be better Japanese places to eat. The place is often crowded - so I believe many patrons just don't know what good Japanese food should taste like! And the owners probably don't care about the poor quality as long as they get tourists who show up and pay their bill." Take our tip... forget sitting in the dining room.  Sit at the bar Shogun might be ruined for me. Me and my friend got sick after the Surfer Roll. Ugh. Haven't had sushi since. :-( Everyone had a different dinner combination and sushi. The Surfer Roll wasn't too bad. You definitely do get a lot of food. Between the dinners and a few roll orders the table was covered in plates."  the Wahoo sashimi and the Sunset roll are two of my absolute favorites.  I have been stopping by for years and it is consistently good.  I have a lot of friends that are fans of the Godzilla tails too.  Oh   but was well worth the wait. The turkey salad was wonderful. Get the big size and share with someone. The california rolls with soy paper were melt in your mouth wonderful. Will be back for sure for the same order!"  especially the godzilla tails. My roommate loves their steak appetizer. And I am a huge fan of their sushi. My favorites include the shogun roll and the surfer roll. I have never eaten any of the normal non-sushi entrees Throw in some sake bombers and a good time was had by all." I reallllly hope they get their act together. I love eating here but really can not take one more bad service from them." I love this place after years and years of going. I always get the turkey salad and am never disappointed. Service is quick and efficient. Atmosphere is nice too.  the food is great and is one of my favorite places to get sushi.  Highly recommend their Godzilla Tails and the Chimichanga rolls are great!" The food is great and the staff is excellent as well.  Highly recommended." I have been coming to Shogun for 8+ years and will continue to do so One of the best sushi places in town and worth going just to try the godzilla tails which are fantastic!  .. Paco and Sergio the chefs have been there for ever.. Bar side happy hour is not bad to.. ( upgrade all your TV's to flat screens  this is 2012 after all) LOL" "Food is great and sushi well priced for what you get as compared to other local sushi places. Service is decent hence the 4 stars. Otherwise Been going here for more than 20 years and have found it to be consistently reliable. Whether at the sushi bar or at a table we've never left disappointed. I miss the candy sushi though. "My wife and I were visiting from Southern CA and had a hankering for sushi. If you appreciate fine sushi your emails are either scams or have never worked....get it together or stop sending them out. I'll end with its worth a try:)" Hands down best sushi bar in the valley. The service is always amazing plus its a great spot for happy hour too! My husband and I recently had dinner at Shoguns and really enjoyed our experience.  I always order the Signature Salad and Tempura my husband likes the Tuna Sashimi. The wait staff was very attentive and had the tuna prepared exactly the way my husband likes it. Shogun has the best sushi in town.  Try the surfer roll or the valentine~ they're my favorite.  Also the tempura is fantastic! For the best entree~ shogun shrimp! It's sooo good!! If you have room the tempura apples are the bomb!  no specials but one roll and the sushi was equivalent to a buffet style sushi at a cheap oriental place. Just to get the taste out of our mouths and get our sushi fix we went to Stingray in Old town Scottsdale and the quality  very good!  I'm planning on working my way through their sushi menu asap. The staff is always very attentive and friendly. Highly suggest!"  and while their sushi is typically very good their rolls are more than you can eat in one bite and tend to fall apart  that it might be good. The staff messed up our order and then when we got the missing roll  but I have many other favorite.  Sometimes the service is inconsistent "Great happy hour. We always get Godzilla Tails with a side of rice and a yellowtail roll. This is one of our go-to spots when we know exactly what we want. The sushi is good  not to mention funny. He was on top of everything so we were never left waiting. Great time and we will definitely be back!" This is my favorite sushi restaurant. Always go here when I'm in town. Service is great too! "I love this place one of my favorites to go for lunch and to take folks from out of town.  They have freshest seafood every time.  Serjo is the best Best in Phoenix -- hands down - kept secret off the beaten path.. Puts others to shame .. ALL GOOD .. My most favorite Sushi Restraunt ever!  The freshest sushi in the valley! I was glad that the small amount of sushi I had with lunch was as tasty and fresh as ever-I will definitely be back for more!" That will be our last visit." Best in Phoenix -- hands down - kept secret off the beaten path.. Puts others to shame .. ALL GOOD .. oGR0GPIbYOitJaa-VsvaFQ Restaurant is very family friendly and also nice for a quiet dinner for 2"  their udon dish that they used to have in a broth was no longer on the menu.  Our server barely spoke english so we had a language barrier and she kept insisting we order their udon dish that was stir fried.  Instead I ordered their garlic chicken dish with rice.  The chicken was OLD and you could tell it had been flash fried quite a few times.  It was rough and wouldn't even tear apart when I was trying to cut the chicken into smaller pieces.  I couldn't even finish my dish.  The husband had these pork cutlets that he said was way too sweet and extremely dry.  He nice service and food...recommend happy hour and lounch "Favorite Restaurant of all times. My family has been eating at Shogun for 27 years. Back then they were the only Japanese restaurant in Phx. We have tried a lot of them as they would open and we have left kicking ourselves in the ass for wasting our money and being disappointed. we are a family of 7 and we all have our favorites. chicken Katsu for me Shogun chicken for my pops Great Sushi the best i have ever had. I have tried a lot of places in many different cities and this is the best. Everything from their regular roles of spicy tuna or yellow tail to their off menu's specialties like the nitro roll or OMG(OH MY GOD) roll. I live 45 minutes away and go here every week and can't get enough. Great Sushi and Godzilla tails.  Everything we ordered was perfect and the service was impeccable. Will definitely be back soon.  enjoyed it all.  Highly recommend the Spicy Yellowtail Roll - Yum!" Once the guys showed up and we ordered the food came out and I was kind of underwhelmed.  None of it was bad but it was all pretty average.  The only thing memorable were the Panko Breaded Onion Rings which were fantastic.  Honestly I would go just for those babies.  As for the sushi I may try a different roll and see if that made a difference and I would definitely hope for a server who's a little more attentive."  the sushi and sashimi items that were ordered were fresh  and a chicken sandwich that is to die for.  As long as I stick with what I know I'm fine (though there are some inconsistencies.)  The place needs to be remodeled Very nice sushi bar and restaurant. Service is unusually good for the valley and the Shumi is to die for. The sushi is passable nothing outstanding. Location is kinda weird but once inside the atmosphere is great. The service can be hit or miss and some of the prices are a smidge high The yellow tail & tuna hand rolls were loaded and very tasty; we'll return!"  best we've had since moving to the area.  We won't go back when restaurants aren't 100% up front about what they add on the bill." Happy hour menu is limited but dirt cheap."  probably due to the $0.25 draft beers on Monday night's. The sushi counter was kinda awkard with high panels." One of the better sushi places around. Always good food and the lunch specials are cheap. The shogun chicken is really good. service was not very good they barely speak english and wouldn't split our checks"  nothing too special but it was good."  but the bar has a real neighborhood feel."  and definitely check out happy hour for some great deals on drinks. A bit pricey "I signed up on yelp just do dog this place!! Literally writing this review as I'm dining. This is my second time here. First experience was just as bad. I live a block away and I love sushi but the service here sucks!! Can't do it again. Save yourself the headache and your money. Must have been a handful of people dining and it took 15 min to get a server. Skunky domestic beers....seriously born on date was October. Ordered tuna sashimi.....fish was cut like steak and smelled like shit. So mad right now. U like sushi? Honestly drive to 16th St and glendale  friendly staff and the best value for your money!  Ten stars!"  but Monday nights are definitely a winner with us."  back to the roll. The chimichanga was flavorful and fresh with just the right amount of fish & rice. Perfection. I returned with my husband last week for a couple rolls on happy hour.. Way wah waaahh. No such luck! There was only a California and some other lackluster option Sunomono Salad done right. Fresh tea. We love to nibble on either the veggie tempura or ""Godzilla Tails"" before our meal. Crunchy Roll is my brothers favorite" "This is one of our favorite places to go!  The food is amazing and so is the service.  We went with a group of 11 people tonight at the tepid table and everyone loved their food.  In addition r7Ge8_c5Y2TXthb4CSjzaA  and the very skilled sushi chef Paco.  These folks really know how to take care of their patrons. They have a beautiful patio with a fireplace also. I highly recommend giving Shogun a try  but something was missing from it.  We had the Philly roll and Cali roll. Def not the best I've ever had. And the Edamame had a weird smell/taste to it. Like it had been either sitting around or over cooked. Pretty sure I won't be going back. Oh We tried a bit of everything when we went. I had Shogun Chicken and Chicken Katsu. Both were AMAZING. I love this place because they have a very FULL menu. Not only sushi. Also the Godzilla Tails are killer. Theyre tiny pieces of buffalo chicken. Delicious. Seriously awesome food."  go on on monday night for 25 cent Blue Moons!" "Food is a solid 3.  Service is all over the place...sometimes awesome...occasionally slow.  Management is the only reason I didn't rate a 3.   Have seen too much un customer friendly behavior on that end.   If in the area Sushi and food are average at best. Wait staff is terrible. Had to wait 20 minutes to get my credit card back. Our server was nowhere in sight. None of the other employees could even find him. I will NEVER go there again.  nobody able to clean the bar so we could be seated.  Watched 4 people seat themselves at the area and clean their own table.  I got up at least 6 times asking when we could be seated - never got seated.  Informed the clueless excuse of a hostess that she was an idiot and left without eating.  Thanks for the great birthday experience!  Whoever was the hostess on March 30th at 5:30 PM needs to be fired."  you've lost us as a customer." "My husband and I have been coming here for almost 20 years.  We have eaten all over the US and have never found a better sushi restaurant than this one.  They have a great variety of sushi That's it. We're out. Scratching Shogun off the list." Can you give a Negative Star?"  the sashemi rocked.  The down side-we had to wait over 30 minutes for the food and they had a 5% sushi tax." Me and my son have been coming here for about 4 years. It is literally one of the best sushi places in the valley. We usually come either Sunday's or Saturdays mostly Sunday's but the sushi chef Andy is super nice. He makes us our own sushi rolls. This is a amazing sushi place and refer it to everyone. It deserves more then 5 stars. Great place for late happy hour drinks and food 5-7 pm. Loved the Saaki Bomb and the atmosphere that is fun but equally private and easy going.  especially the cucumber salad you get before your entree. The service was decent. There were times that it took a while for our waitress to get back to us. It it was a Friday night and they were busy. We have been going there for years and we will go back again. Dinner for 2 was just under $40.00 with tip."  I always get the surfer roll...I have to be honest though....I was a bit annoyed last night when I placed a carry out order. The shrimp were dry and chewy "My fianc and I love this place. We went on a late dinner date and were super impressed. Our hopes were set very high since we came by way of referral and our expectations were exceeded! Our favorite was the Big Johnson. My referral told me to ask for it X-Rated  meanwhile it took an hour and a half for our sushi. The other parts of the meal came out within 25 min or so. We then asked for our sushi to be comped because they then later forgot to bring us a roll. They then proceeded to only comp our miso soup and cucumber salad. We saved a whopping 14 dollars.... I have been going there with my family for a long time and I have never seen customer service this bad in my lifetime."  waitress was nice . We  ordered miso soups and a couple of rolls. The miso soup was great but the rolls were terrible . I'm not sure if it was just that batch but the rice was slimy and fell apart as soon as it was moved. I wouldn't risk my $65 trying them again . Too bad I was really hoping for a better experience." Amazing sushi here and what I love about this place is they will customize your rolls to what you like. Alex was a phenomenal chef. I'm thinking this is going to be our new favorite spot everything has been so delicious!!! "I went here with a couple of friends and my brother and we were not disappointed. My brother isn't one for eating sushi "I have eaten weekly at shogun's for the past several years. In the past several months the food and service has continued to decline. After tonight always good no problems all the way around meals are large portions sushi is fresh.  I have been there approx ten times  so they could have the opportunity to make it right.  She disappeared.  Our waters were never refilled.  (we were there 90 minutes)  We were pretty disappointed...we waited for 20 minutes to be asked how our food was or to get check.  She was gone...So we walked to the front to get our check...The worst service and food ever!!!  Save your money and go ANYWHERE ELSE!  Oh  it was too soft and gummy inside and it was just fried...? I've been going here for a few years and it's good but lately I've been kinda bored of the menu." "This place is horrible. The bartender tonight (Jesse I believe) didn't even greet us. She was preoccupied by cleaning and getting out of the restaurant before 10pm. I had to ask for specials and happy hour. She didn't suggest anything   ordered food never received and it seems like we were not the only ones who noticed how terrible the service was!!! Def not going back."  and an hour later (when the confirmation text said our food would be delivered) we got a phone call that our delivery was canceled because the delivery service was too busy. I don't know if it was really Shogun or Grubhub The ONLY place I will eat sushi in this whole city. Have Andy make your rolls I'd he is behind the counter! I think it is pretty darn good.   Love the tempura and love the sushi! But the apple dessert is to die for! I give it four starts because I was in a group and it took one of my friends 10 min after we got our food for her to get the Crunchy Roll. However I was so surprised - I don't eat Japense food regularly but my brother suggested it and I'm so glad he did!!! It was AMAZING!!! From the service to the fantastic food it was hands down one of the best lunches I've had in a while. The portions were huge!!! Such a great value!! Also the complimentary green tea with my entree was SO GOOD!!! Cooked fish inside a sushi roll???" They charged us a 15% fee for take out. We didn't ask for delivery we picked it up ourselves. We always tip even on take out... Im not coming back for this reason. I like to go take out and the fee is silly. During our meal we heard what I suppose was one of the owners discussing new ideas for the decor....I was tempted to ask what happened. My advice would be to leave a good thing alone....the prices are outrageous and unjustified. I am sure there are better places in the area and I will certainly be looking for them on my next visit. Stay away." Really good Sushi and Happy Hour. You won't be disappointed. We also like sitting at the Sushi Bar and interacting with the Chef's who also school us on other kind of sushi. "This used to be my favorite place for sushi. Didn't mind paying a little more here.  I've been a regular here for over 15 years.  But the last few times have been sub par.  I think the place needs some tlc Service was less than professional.  came twice in one week with family form out of town. our order was wrong twice.  server just didn't care. "My new favorite sushi/japanese food joint! I've had both the sushi and the food here and I always leave feeling satisfied! The wait staff is very nice and go out of their way to make guests feel welcome. Servings are big  it's supposedly been in use in the kitchens for over 30 years and from a homemade recipe. A little pricey but has daily specials and very cheap appetizers and sushi rolls. Their Japanese beer and sake are also delicious. I'm getting hungry writing this! It's a smaller restaurant which can get crowded but the noise level isn't too bad  I was there with my family and we had a good time with great service and food. We always tend to sit in the bar for happy hour and this time Annalise was serving us. She did a great job on waiting on us and kept checking on us to make sure everything was tasting good. As many times as we've been here we've never had someone with this great of an attitude and she always kept a smile. Glad to see the service is improving. Will be coming back!" 