I'm glad I renewed my acquaintance with this place and hopefully If you do get a pass have a friend who can get there the same days you can go. If you're trying to go on the weekend forget it! The weekdays are bad enough. I'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer."  but not as fun as Kennywood. The boardwalk food is a bit too far from the wave pool and that makes for a lot of shoes on shoes off events. The lazy river could be much better. I did like the water slides and the Potato Patch fries  so be warned: you definitely want to show up earlier in the day.  BUT it's definitely a good idea to close the park if you can: right toward the end MOSTLY it's a good time.  Mostly."  go to Giant Eagle to purchase your discounted tickets. You save a few bucks versus buying them at the water park. Oh and don't forget to bring sandals while walking around. Your feet will literally feel like they're burning from the ground. Now go off and have some fun! :)"  so why not keep on improving it?  Or maybe they think don't fix what's not broken.  I just may stick to a cleaner  overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait. Half the ""rides"" were shut down. You're better off with a garden hose. Save your money or buddy up to someone with a pool."  where you visit Sandcastle during the day and Kennywood at night. It's a fantastic deal  but i truly wish we could've enjoyed the lazy river and the park until 7. hopefully next time things go as planned...."  stay for the people watching." "We went to the Sandcastle Waterpark this past weekend before we went to Heinz Field.  We are a family of four; Dad I have the season pass and go atleast once a week and each time I've been in the last week Ive been.disappointed. Two weeks ago they threw a rubber baby in the wave pool and entice panic and claimed iy was a training exercise. Disgusted. And today twice the pool with mushroom and waterfall in it was shut down due to adults pooping in the pool or puking dont know cant get a strait answer from any of employees. Just sad there customer service sucks. Sandcastle is an ok place to visit  burnt hot dog. I really hate this place. Kids received season passes for Christmas present. Brought kids once and will never return. Spent $46 on food and threw most of it away" The Lifeguards are nice and do a good job. The employees at the food stations are also nice and service is quick. Our family is a big fan of Chic Fil A so we love it when they are there. The park just needs to tweak a few things to get 4 or 5 stars. Keeping restrooms clean and updating some of the chairs and loungers would be steps in the right direction." This water park is alright. Definitely outdated and needs some work but it is a way to get out of the house on a hot summer day. Staff are friendly and lifeguards are alert. Prices are a little steep but with this being the only water park around they can get away with it. uI0LvTXFACid1308KFO5ew The membership fee is well worth the price for this excellent local resource." I believe they also have a dance lesson for beginners before the dance starts run by a group called Coal Country Traditions which is a Pittsburgh based group of older dancers that do swing dancing as well as folk dancing of different sorts  clean pool within walking distance from our house. AND there is a library attached so you can easily choose a book to read in the sun. I hear there is a byob BBQ on some Fridays and you can bring your dog once month. And they have a Slush Puppy machine in the snack bar! We are fans." When I return next year for the holidays I will likely join this gym again.   Overall The place can get pretty crowded after work hours with both adults and young adults (older kids).  The parking lot has been overcrowded this month.  I sincerely hope that all who are venturing out to get fit will continue the journey throughout the year." Great location.  Kids really enjoy all the activities.  HFFA has several classes and activities for kids so you can get them involved in a healthy lifestyle My four stat rating is based primarily on the pools. It is the only fitness facility in the Lake Norman area i will stay a member of the gym but no more birthdays." As a parent of a swimmer this is really not a great pool for watching a meet. The stands are small and the tiny results scoreboard is blocked by the crowd if not directly behind you. Parking is atrocious. The positive is the pool is pretty new and in good condition .  and the water temperature is a bit cold compared to pools I frequented in the past." After canceling membership they still took money off my account. Refused to give it back and used my autherzation form from when I signed up to justify the card being ran even though I filed my termination 15 days prior to the auto draft day. Over the course of a year there where several incidents ranging from not telling parents of children with illnesses in the day care to lude behavior by trainers towards members. They do not do a good job of maintaining a respectable workout area nor do they have honorable office staff. Glad to be done with this facility I wouldn't recommend anyone to join this gym. Good aquatic facility with nice pools and gym. The showers and locker rooms are in serious need of improvements. Showers are terrible. The Gym is up to date but the equipment computer rarely work. Beware of SwimMAC as well. I had my 3 year old child enrolled on their classes and because she has ADHD they decided to kick her out.  disorganized swim lesson set up everything from the online system to arriving at the pool and not knowing what levels are appropriate who goes where and emotionally detached instructors expecting kids to comply... This place is a disappointment but I think  strengths are probably the swim team? Also they have a really fun exercise class it's cardio dance. Other than that not sure why I would drive 25 minutes out of my way" Good for 1-3 hours of summertime fun." "Went here yesterday to experience what it's like in an indoor waterpark. Overall it was nice except everyone had to exit the water not once but TWICE. Let's just say not everyone swimming doesn't have bladder control. Anyways  he just loves a party especially if it involves water.  I think this place is a great party idea and of course you can come anytime as they're open all year............the perks of an indoor water park.  I've had great experiences here but my last was a little different as the chlorine seemed to be at a higher level than normal  we were asked to exit the water for 30 minutes while the chlorine worked its magic on the *contaminated* water.  Perhaps it was this experience that really turned me off We went on a Friday and it wasn't too busy. We all had a wonderful time until the end. We were in the womens locker room and even though they had a family locker room there were little boys there about 6-7 years old changing in the room too and one walking around with no clothes on. I had my little sister and did not appreciate it at all. When I talked to staff all they asked me was if they had autism? It doesnt chnge anything.Come on there was a family bathroom right there. And they didn't seem too concerned about my complaint. And the bathrooms were nasty. But if you don't use the locker rooms or bathrooms it is good. T-aIp7pFkZbL71CJAZ9SJA  etc. The bathroom  changing areas get full fast and maintenance can't always attend to them as often as needed."  I think it's a fantastic option for those days when you're kids as out of school and you just want to read the internet....or a book." 7. Water temperature perfect."  and were the only people there for a while. Kids had a great time. It was perfect for 4 year olds. Once it got crowded we left though."  not even getting my my face wet and my eyes were burning. I think it's a cute facility that is better suited for younger kids.  They have so much packed into a small area. I didn't find the fees as a Meck Co resident to be ridiculous either. The facility does provide some vest as well  stalls and spacious to change out.  The number and size of lanes makes up for the small amount of time you spend in the locker room and outside of the pool." Still my favorite indoor venue in all my years of triathlon training to get my swim routine in and I am not even taking full advance of the offerings for maters groups and official triathlon training groups.  Not to mention the weight room which comes with the $5 resident entry fee." Hlel9C7zYx7PFru5tOeiAA It costs $5 for adults if you are a resident of CharMeck and a family membership is $53 a month  the ONLY place for swimmers in Charlotte." I am not sure how it rates price-wise against local gyms because you get a lot for your money beyond just a place to work out. If you are a single person who just wants to lift weights  do cardio you might be able to find something cheaper. If you have a family or are looking for a social component as well as a gym  though not as fancy for kids like the Morrison I'm really happy that I joined and I'm super-pleased with this facility." I may run into you here...or another branch...I'll keep you guessing because I can!"  and luckily the facility is nice enough to keep the workouts enjoyable." The one thing I could do without are the kids who are allowed to join this branch of the YMCA. They don't exactly disrupt my workout Pilates with Lisa is relaxing. I like her form of teaching and I understand the concept much more so." My wife and I like it a lot here and we'd definitely recommend the Harris Y." I have not met anyone very friendly there and I assume that is because it is the ""SoPark"" area - but since I don't go to the gym to socialize I guess it doesn't matter."  etc. is a little too casually run for my taste. The people who work behind the desk often get into long conversations with members or fellow employees "I went here on Veterans Day with my son so we could do something fun. I heard they had an indoor water park and went to check it out. We got there a little early (about 9:30am) and the parking lot was packed. When I went in the woman at the desk immediately greeted me and helped me check-in since I was just checking out the facility and using the pool for the day. She walked me to the locker room and showed me how to get to the pool- extremely helpful. On a cold day the indoor pool was nice and warm and though the indoor water park is somewhat small Wait 20 mins for an elliptical. The weights are limited and they don't have a lot of machines. Oversold memberships. I just closed my over priced membership and joined fitness connection where everything is new and only 10 bucks a month. The Y is overrated.  NC.  I went for a day to see how it was and really enjoyed it.  I have only done floor tumbling so far "This Y is huge. It has two indoor pools and an out door pool with diving pad for competition.  The kids have their own building with all kids activities in it. The pool area is huge "The evening cycle classes are great. Particularly on Mondays and Thursdays.  The gym area at Harris is acceptable but times are limited due to the number of patrons.   The absolutely worst part is trying to find a parking space on a cold winter night and the one you find is pretty far from the door.  Again My favorite YMCA in the Charlotte area (and I've tried 4 of them). The staff were so friendly as soon as I walked in the door. I love that they have a track as well as lots of different cardio areas so you're never having to wait on a machine. Great place to workout. Great pool experience but membership sign up took so long..  as I stated in my tip there is something for everyone. From childcare to swimming lessons to dance classes to fitness and sports. You can't go wrong with the Harris YMCA!  I just wish they had a larger parking lot especially since I was told this is the largest YMCA in the Charlotte area."  pilates yoga studio and more. They also offer childcare. Harris Y offers classes from photography to adult gymnastics to ballroom to kid's camps and activities. The group exercise schedule is updated every month It's my first gym membership and I was a little intimidated by the idea but everyone there is great. I even ran into a friend I didn't know went. Overall 