 friendly and professional operation.  You will leave each time with a slightly damp THE best swimming classes you will find in CLT. Martha Sue and her staff are AMAZING and you will truly feel like part of a family. Couldn't love it more. I only have positive things to say about Charlotte Swim Academy!  My son has gone from being afraid of swimming to being able to swim underwater.  The one on one experience with the instructor made a huge difference.  All in all it's been a great experience and I highly recommend using them.  my daughter progressed by leaps and bounds. I will never take my children anywhere but CSA. The instructors are knowledgeable and great with children. I could have saved hundreds if only I had come here first. But I am glad to have found them now." "We love CSA! The staff's goal seems to be to foster the love of swimming in everyone! The staff is well-trained "I enrolled my 2 year old son and 4 year old daughter into Hubbard. They've completed 2 swim lessons each and the results are dramatic. They have made huge strives in their water skills. Plus The teacher was really nice and great with little ones. They have several locations across the valley and are faily priced at $70/week."  but also teaches my husband and me how to take what he learns and apply it at home in the tub or even in the pool. The staff makes it fun with games and songs and the parents learn the right words to prepare babies to hold their breath when going under water. I think swim lessons are a must for kids here in AZ since almost everyone has a pool. And it's so great to see their progress!"  I would recommend this place.  It is not perfect but it is the best swim school we have been to." When i had my daughter we went to hubbard before she turned 6 months old for free!  For the under 6 month crowd it's purely water acclimation - you won't be getting any amazing techniques Watching all the older kids that have been going there for years reinforces the strong bond that the staff have with the kids. The kids all love going there and they love the instructors. It's a fun and safe environment!" I came here after a bad experience at a previous school (Gold Medal Swim School). My attitude about swim schools has totally changed. This place is great! Thank you!!  especially because kids this young are pretty fickle and some classes they just don't want to cooperate.  Several of the other parents in the older (paid) classes highly recommend the school and their child's progress.  Maybe I'm just being frugal because I've been assured by other parents that the classes are a good value for the money."  and flexibility in scheduling makes it the premier Valley swim school." Thank you Hubbard for being so GREAT!"  but after a short time my little one was floating on her back and pulling herself out of the pool unassisted. These skills are priceless and make the slight lack of organization at the school and over crowded lobby completely tolerable."  and locker room space is WOEFULLY inadequate.  It's a bit of a nightmare getting two kids showered and dressed after lessons.  My kids are always cold  my 5 year old is a much better swimmer than I am Some of the kids in class were already putting their heads under the water... pretty impressive!  I look forward to seeing baby's progress in the pool in the weeks an dmonths to come.  Water safety is so important in Arizona  but Hubbard Swim has made this a stress-free process.  Even switching swim class days/times has been a positive experience What a great place! The little girl I watch has went from being afraid to get her eyes wet to swimmimg on her own in no time! The instructors are so great. They went at her pace until she was ready.  5 stars. They deserve it." The environment is positive and buzzing with excitement."  baby splash class at 3 months old. The free class is available to babies 6 months & under is great for getting your child acclimated to & comfortable in the swimming pool. Our daughter is now almost 20 months old & just moved into the Lil Snappers Advanced class. She can climb out of the pool on her own "Highly recommend Hubbard Swim School on 32nd St.  Otto is the best instructor.  My daughter has been going since she was 7 months (now 2 yrs old) and she loves the water.  Every month she gets better and she loves putting on her swim suit to go to class. We now have her baby brother on the wait list and will start him soon. If you are looking for swim classes for your child  are all professional and friendly. The place is clean and has a great snack bar and play area besides. We decided to start coming here year round Excited to go back next week!" My two boys have grown up with Hubbard being a weekly part of their life for 5 years. They have had great instructors who have helped build them into great swimmers and great athletes. Our family loves Hubbard swim! We have a baby and toddler in classes. It's not survival style but our kids have learned to enjoy the water and can go under without being scared.  loves her teacher and is getting stronger." "This is a good swim school but it seems like it takes forever for the kids to learn how to swim. Teachers were nice but it was too slow. We pulled my 2 year old out because she was trying to climb the pool fence and I didn't feel like she was learning basic survival skills fast enough. They charge $72 monthly so it doesn't benefit them to push kids through the program quickly. I know kids who have been in it for 4 years I booked the entire month and they are very flexible with their schedule here." AWESOME. We had a great experience. My kids loved it here. Due to geographic concerns i swithed to Aqua tots and it was a horrible experience. Lesson learned. we will  make the extra drive and are back at Hubbard.  Hubbard is a worthwhile investment - not just for swim lessons but also as a fun thing to look forward to every week!" Victoria is already going underwater at 8 months old. We look forward to every class every week!!!"  and I'd love it if my daughter could start learning the actual fundamentals of swimming (at least for safety) I'm so entirely impressed with this school. The staff and office is so helpful and friendly. They accommodate for schedules and busy brainless parent mistakes. The instructors have all be great and perfectly gracious on my son. We love swimming and playing here! The play area is a bonus!  attentive and helpful. Mutual friends recommended this place so my 8 year old could learn how to swim. But she is learning so much more. Worth every penny. They have a play area for the kids. A snack bar where they make a great cup of coffee My son loves this place he has really liked all of his instructors.  He has been coming here since he was 1 and he is now 4 and we couldnt be more satisfied with the progress he is achieving.  We don't have a pool and with just 1 lesson a week he is learning so fast.  They have it down to a science here. Great place - clean and wonderful instructors. Website to reschedule swim lessons isn't so user friendly and sometimes the front desk is hard to get ahold of - otherwise I highly recommend! I should also add that the lessons from 8 weeks to 6 months are free!  No excuse for not going!"  and already knows how to swim on her own at age 3!  Very friendly staff from the front desk to the instructors.  I had a great experience with management as well after a schedule mix up."   we stayed in the Thunderbird location for the sole purpose of her instructor that she adored (Cass).  We made the agreement to move her to the Phoenix location when she would move up to next level and have to have a different instructor.  Let's fast forward to when she finally graduated to next level (no longer swimming with my husband or I and will only be swimming with aid of her instructor).  We knew the transition would be difficult and we certainly anticipated a great amount of crying (and boy were we right).  The staff at the North Phoenix location made the experience a million times easier not just for our daughter but for us as well.  The manager came over to speak to us about the process and ease us as she was wailing loud enough that you can probably hear her two stores down (she be but little but she is fierce).  We informed the manager we had anticipated her reaction but felt badly for her classmates as we did not want to short them from their class.  As we said this to manager we see another staff instructor walk over to her class to assist with other students so she and the teacher (Angelica 