The gentleman behind the counter was very friendly and asked me if I needed any help finding anything. When I left  jerkhole comic book clerk (think the Simpson's comic book guy) at Samurai. They know their product and enjoy discussing comics http://www.invisiblechildren.com/home.php"  check out Samurai; it's one of the best."  but don't hump your leg and try to hard-sell you things that you don't need or want like some of the other places in Phoenix. I recommend it to people who just want to pick up monthly titles or graphic novels  and all. I guess I'm more of an Atomic Comics kinda fan just in terms of what they offer overall."  chances are they'll know what you're talking about or know someone who does. I would very much recommend shopping here over other Arizona chain stores just for the service alone." With other stores downsizing to smaller locations it is great to see Samurai take a bold step in the right direction with a larger and better location. So "I just love the new location! Much bigger and well stocked on single issues. With the new location and great products Samurai had moved up to my second favorite comic book store in the valley. Plus they are open later on fridays which I greatly appreciate. Plus the workers at this store are very friendly and helpful much more so then other comic stores No comic book store in the Valley can top Samurai's knowledgable and friendly customer service.  Come for the comics; stay for the fun environment. Excellent customer service.  They even have signings and events.  but also gaming events for RPG's and CCG's. I visited all the comic shops when I moved here from NYC looking for a new on to feed my comic addiction  and fun gifts.  It is unusually clean with really nice salespeople.  They also have fun events periodically."  but it is still ran by the same people and still has that close-knit feel.  Come on in and see what I'm talking about!"  and helpful.  Perfect place for me to buy comics and hang around as a dork in general :)" I make it a point to come and visit & shop while I am on business in the Phoenix area. I come out from the Los Angeles area & far this is the best shop in Phoenix. Great place to look for anything.. You definitely don't have to be into comics to enjoy the place!" I love Samurai. I don't live anywhere near you guys Staff is very friendly!" Samurai Comics will be my ""go to"" place when I get the craving for comics." This is clearly a Marvel comic shop. Very little DC titles and very almost no back issues of any publisher. Staff was pretty rude. Check out Ash Avenue Comics in Tempe for a much better experience. Really can't say enough good things about this shop." Nice place! Didn't have what I wanted but would go back!  Samurai is starting to fill the void left in the East Valley by Atomic Comics.  More on the Central and West Valley in future reviews."  Samurai become a regular stop for me each week when I was going to the local YMCA to exercise. I highly recommend supporting this place. I wish I had asked about the tools that were banned from the place. Their pictures are posted by the register."  they're nice people with a great selection and they're always welcoming." Great selection of comics and card collectables!! Great service! Cool place for FNM. "This is a bigger comic book store than the other samurai stores around the Phoenix area. They have a section of new issues and issues that haven't sold out from the last couple if months. There are very few back issues. There are also lots of tables for gaming tournaments  nicely displayed. There are also many more back issues available all over the store...an A+ for the silver and bronze age offerings..my kinda stuff!"  I love the place and think it's worth checking out. 5 stars."  but here they are behind the counter.  I had to ask to select the ones I wanted--the first time they just handed me the first pack.  Not cool.  We bought what we wanted with the deal and then left." the daytime staff (aka the 'comics' staff as opposed to the weekend/ 'magic' staff who i dont really deal with) are the best in town and i love picking up my weekly books and saying hello. as opposed to the store i left  but I wasn't so sure about where 'the back' was.  So I circled around and got spot in the lot just up the street.  The shop is bigger than it looks on the outside.  Big selection- neat and organized.  I came for a specific item which was easy to locate.  The guy who worked the register was great.  He saw that I was wearing a superman t-shirt and suggested that I pick up the new DC series.  I've lived in Phoenix for a little less than 6 months  it could use some more seats.  I noticed the guys who work here aren't as nice as other shops.  I like their funko selection cuz one of the kids is really into that right now."  but lacking in back issues. Whatever back issues they have are priced on the heavy side..."  devoted fan of Samurai Comics. A few months ago I had a complaint about how a Samurai Comics Facebook post had accidentally miscommunicated the availability of a new collection which caused me to basically waste an hour and a half of my day. It was very frustrating. But to his credit "I've been back a few times since my first review and the customer service varies based on who's working.  The last 2 times I've visited  great people. I never fail to enjoy myself when I go to the store. Can't recommend them more." They hold events here sometimes since the place is big enough." I have been here one time and one time only. I will never go back. I took my two kids here since my son is into pokemon and my daughter loves my little ponies. Plus it's very close where we live. I tried to get one of the three people working to help us but they seemed more interested in avoiding helping us. My questions were answered with one word or a finger point. My daughter was able to find a couple of comics but we never did find the cards my son was pointed to. When we checked out the person behind the counter said is this it and rolled their eyes. Not the kind of experience i expected of a place geared to all ages. I was disappointed to say the least. If you are into comics or collectibles Is it cute little shops. Customer service was fantastic and the conversations with the staff we're engaging. They had a number of comic from the main distributors as well as off the beaten path publishers. The shop itself is clean and well organized so you can find your comic based on publisher or new release from that week. The only downside to the shop is that they do not carry back issues. This made up for ""no bench for old guys"" What a fun place!!!  Good employees whom obviously love their jobs! ;)  but no matter the amount of money you spend they will not throw in bags or boards and will also not work with you on pricing. They are firm and they don't care My young daughter went in looking for femal super hero comics. They have a great selection of comics and even gave her a few extra. She is so happy! Thank you! We will be back!  the back issue selection is very slim. Customer service was alright but not too helpful when I was trying to find a book in the back issues. Overall  and super helpful. All of the merchandise had fair pricing. We had a really great conversation with Jam. They seemed knowledgeable about other shops in the area. Customer service is really important to me and these guys have it. Next time we travel to Phoenix we will be stopping by." I recommend finding a better place to make your purchases."  and I left very happy. This is my go to place now. Thank you This is one of my favorite places to go to now for my pop vinyls. They have an amazing selection that has Pops I can't find anywhere else! "I've been here numerous times since my 13 year old son and husband are obsessed with comic books.... They've even got me reading them now.  It's pretty much always the same two guys working there Seriously I cannot recommend this place enough. Professional "The only comics shop I could find in Phoenix that was open late on Wednesday night (9 pm). I was visiting Phoenix on business and very happy to find a shop open this late on ""new comics day."" The store is clean and they have a huge selection of new releases. I would have given them five stars but the man at the counter who checked my out didn't say two words to me." Samurai Comics is the best comic book shop in town for new books. They have reasonable prices and don't mark up some of the variants at all or as much as other spots. They also have a lot of gaming events going on so check out their calendar. Great comic book store! Very friendly and helpful. Stephen is awesome. He introduced me to some new comics and they were great. I will be a regular there. Awesome place with a great staff. Next time I'm in town I'll be stopping by again. I've been visiting this shop ever since they were located on 7th street and camelback. Back then they only had the one store. I must say that no matter the expansions and changes they've had Samurai Comics is still such a great experience. The employees are alway on point. Very friendly and knowledgeable. The collection is huge and there all this cool merchandise to check out everywhere. I can't wait to go back! Seriously Great Selection of Funko Pops! Took my niece and everyone working was pleasant and helpful! We bought the Yelp Deal and saved a few bucks! Overall a good experience! I especially liked the fact that when we were standing by the door buying tattoos out the quarter machines the guy (cashier) stopped what he was doing to help hold the door for a disabled man. I know that seems very small but to someone who cares for her elderly disabled aunt it speaks for the person character! Thank you Sir for having the compassion to help! Especially when nowadays most places are to busy to help out! We had a fun time checking everything out & will go back just for the fact the cashier was so kind!! 