Desert Song is a great facility." All of the other instructors are good as well. I try and get in a class twice a month here.  Not pretentious  but have tried to do some of the more advanced variations. The ""all levels"" class will probably keep me challenged for a long time. Then Heidi's intro classes are great (and not too big). But maybe you should try another teacher when you're done with intro; Heidi's other classes tend to fill up . . ." "Excellent teachers and lovely facility.  Regardless of your experience level "I came across this studio when searching for a place that offered prenatal yoga.  I have been so pleased!  The instructors are very friendly and knowledgeable Best prenatal massage in the valley! "It really doesn't get any better than this.  The only place I will go - If you want to try yoga or you've been practicing for a while  we would have easily spent $40 or more having an average experience at any of our typical haunts.  But the payoff for this two hours was far better than any other date we've had recently.  Thank you so much  intimate and nurturing environment and I am absolutely going to continue going there. It is also 5 minutes from my house......which is yet again another huge plus!!!"  the Mommy and Me yoga is so overrated. I think I just did not really mesh well with Evon. But "Love this place.  Been going for over 10 years.  Heart-centered yoga taught by heart-centered teachers.  It's a spiritual place for me as well as a place for me to work my body and mind.  Mary Beth byNyDMlRwpWD1GAil5QXjA  and I really appreciated not having to pay to rent a mat (every studio in D.C. charges for this)  but her classes have a great energy. I am really starting to notice an improvement in my balance and strength (I no longer feel like I am going to do a face plant when I go into cobra). Whether you are a beginner or advanced you should check it out."  I feel that that have always taken great care to work with me so that I never go too far and reinjure. Mary Beth and all the other instructors are the best. They also have special workshops and off site yoga trips "Dessert is simply best for all people. The into class is great for anyone just getting started or who needs a refresher. Yoga is always great for me. So i liked this place very much. If want to interact with great people while furthering your yoga practice  informative and fun.  i feel so much better afterwards. everyone is so nice and the place just has a great vibe probably due to the great people working there!" Anna is a Be talented teacher. She juggles the babies byNyDMlRwpWD1GAil5QXjA If you have never done yoga I highly recommend taking their Intro class." "I only come here for massages so that's what my rating is for.  Their 90 minute massage is $105 "This place is life changing.  LIFE CHANGING.  Any class taught by Heidi will knock your socks off.  I feel as though I'm floating thru class with ease but then I'm sore the next day.  It's as meditative & healing as it is exercise.  Very clean Does it sound like I'm crazy about this place? That's because I am! Seriously  accommodating. Atmosphere is serene and peaceful. I do not have enough words to describe how much better I felt after leaving. I can't wait to go again tonight."  desert song is hands down the best place to get a massage in the valley. The practitioners can root out your stress and rub it all away. After a massage here I feel as if all of my stressors in life have magically disappeared. There's nothing that even comes close. They've ruined me for everything else." "Desert Song's Intro to Yoga class was a perfect introduction to what has become a weekly Thursday evening routine for me.  Desert Song offers a variety of classes at different times of day "I have practiced all over the valley and no other studio comes close to Desert Song.  The center is comfortably beautiful and the instructors are some of the best I've experienced in all of my yoga travels over the past ten years.  You will experience great yoga --well sequenced  breathing techniques and overall wellness.  I used to have a lot of stress and anxiety and since I have been coming to Desert Song I have become very relaxed and serene.  Everyone who works here is exceptionally kind.  I highly recommend Desert Song!"  and meditation and caring for your body/mind." I love Desert Song!  Wonderful instructors and a beautiful space.  Great variety of instructors provide a class perfect for anyone. I started going to Desert Song about 16 weeks into my first pregnancy and I was hooked after the first prenatal yoga class I took. I got the two weeks intro card and tried out some of the other classes. All the instructors were very helpful about giving me modifications for my pregnancy. I have been going to the prenatal yoga class now for 5 weeks and I absolutely love it!! It helps so much with all the pregnancy symptoms. The other non-pregnancy classes were amazing too! Everyone here is super nice and helpful. Highly recommend. My daughter brought me here for an all levels yoga session. Absolutely great. Even got hand written thank you cards in the mail. Going back again next week. I love Desert Song!  Wonderful instructors and a beautiful space.  Great variety of instructors provide a class perfect for anyone.  Melissa and Lisa teach from the heart...with great precision...passion...and years of experience.  Kinesphere rocks!"  they made each of us (with varying degrees of experience and different fitness levels) comfortable. I will definitely be returning to Kinesphere and highly recommend it." 