 but I don't like having to always drive into the city for decent sushi.  I recently discovered this place just a couple of miles from my house located in the suburbs.  I've tried it twice now.  The first time I was a little nervous about trying the sushi... again "This has always been my favorite Chinese Restaurant in the Pgh area. Food is consistently very good - General Tso's is tender Only go here if you have a death wish or are a practicing masochist."  the food was wonderfully prepared. I consider Tai Pei one of my favorite spots!"  as there are so many places that serve sub par food.  This is not one of them.  I will definitely be going back."  tasting the same. But the place ok for a one time trial. The waiter barked back his responses but I think my kids spoke softly so I let it slide. The worst part are the prices. Never have I paid $2.5  one oily spring roll tasting below average or $2.5 for a Pepsi! are you kidding me. Then rice noodles with three pieces of chicken for $14  every aspect (besides our weird waiter) was great.  My food tasted very fresh  but it's no more expensive than going to China Palace in Shadyside (one of my favorites)."  and they use massive amounts of MSG. I got terrible MSG poisoning from Tai Pei and ever since then Consistently excellent.  I enjoy their sushi and know when I get a chicken dish I don't have to guess if it is eatable always good white meat.   I typically do take out and it is well worth the drive I used to go here as a child. I remember the sushi was always good. Maybe that is the thing to order!" "Went for a late lunch.  We were seated right away.  We had sushi which was very fresh and delicious; Basil Chicken was mildly spicy but very flavorful. As an appetizer we did have the vegetable steamed dumplings which were very tasty and full of vegetables but we both thought the dumpling dough was a bit thick  but I felt like the food was just ""okay.""  Nothing to brag boast about.  Prices are fair.  Maybe so many groupons because not enough people are raving about it?" "Most dishes on the menu are American style Chinese food. Not a bad choice if you just want to have a quick bite at lunch time. I felt that the food there is a little pricier than it should be. Aside from these I do recommend their basil chicken Will definitely be back." "Excellent Chinese food.   Every time we have ordered take out from here Good food.  Quick delivery.  *CAUTION*  The $2.00 delivery charge is not listed on the menu.  SURPRISE...It's listed on your bill.  *CAUTION*   A tad pricey.  Oh yeah..I live in Pittsburgh now... But besides that we decided to go for two sushi rolls. The first was the lobster roll which was delicious! And the portion size was big. Second was the Figu or Fugi roll with crab and tuna! The crab salad they served on the side was fantastic was our favorite thing of the meal! Most definitely would recommend the sushi as for the other dishes not sure of but everyone in the place was raving about their rolls..."  and couldn't make up her mind about getting a f&^%ing iphone 5....i know all this because she wasn't shy about letting everyone in the restaurant hear her  but still had a kick to it. Nothing was over priced and we weren't waiting forever for delivery. Will definitely visit the restaurant in the future!"  and plenty of their other dishes. The atmosphere is also great and the service is very friendly. I would definitely recommend Taipei if you're craving Chinese and sushi."  defying the owners' claim of ""no msg.""  The sauces were unnecessarily thick --- have they not figured out that Americans have moved far beyond old-style gelatinous Asian cuisine  but our home is clearly marked and we've never had problems before). I handed her the money and told her I wasn't giving her a tip then and she LOST IT. I closed the door and she walked away. What in the actual heck? You guys lost a customer forever and I'll never recommend you to anyone. That was insanely rude." The best place in town for Asian cuisine & sushi. A little nicer than typical sushi places. A must place for me to eat when I'm home from college. "I was really excited to try the food here but unfortunately when I called to order the employee was rude right off the bat. When I asked about their vegan options  but not it is just a subpar Chinese restaurant.  Food is just meh....from the Hot and Sour soup to the General Tso's."  it's probably the worst I've ever had. Ordered delivery and the food came hot and the prices are a lot higher than other places. I expected at least decent and I was extremely disappointed. This place barely uses any flavor other than salt and msg. The meat is low quality... Ugh there's just nothing good to say about this place. It was terrible and I heard that this place was shut down temporarily because of some complaints about food poisoning. Unfortunately I heard after I ordered. I implore people to try somewhere else. This place is nearly inedible."  but the portion sizes are huge. This makes the prices a bit more bearable because you're getting a lunch and dinner out of the meal. I'm just not that excited for my lunch. There's not much left to say. Maybe we will go back to try the sushi? We will see!" "This was my first time at the restaurant in many years.  It is attractive and comfortable.  The staff is friendly and the service was efficient.  My General Tso's tofu was tasty This place has been going steadily downhill for the past 5 years or so.  I will not order anything from this place ever again.  Go to Sesame Inn in North Hills and other locations.  At least they are consistently good."  not choice of soup AND egg roll. Ended up not mattering as the hot and sour soup was the best I've had in years. Then when my orange chicken was served I was dold. The sauce was sweet  quantity of meat vs. veggie ratio in dishes. They are cheaping out because they can afford to. The 15238 zipcode ensures their continued success because wealthy SAHMs will be going to their private pilates class and leave the nanny with 80$ to get Chinese delivered. Everything is a la carte. I'm not sure its all made in-house anymore. Since new management several years ago The basil chicken is the best I've ever had In Pittsburgh! They also have fabulous sushi too!!!  not at all greasy.  My main course was Hunan shrimp which I requested extra spicy. It was very good with plenty of large shrimp.  I would definitely go back and recommend to others." They always know my name - when I walk in it's ""Hi Jessica"" - whether i am eating there or getting take out.  The staff is always super friendly.  I go out of my way to go get take out from them because I like it - THAT MUCH.  Give them a chance  but it had the texture of fat. Makes me queasy just typing it and thinking about it. It. Was. Awful! Never again." "Food is adequate but service leaves something to be desired. Had a reservation for 14 people made well in advance and when we arrived on time no arrangements had been made by staff. After a lengthy wait we ended up sitting at separate tables. No quality checks performed by our server or management and our server was unable to answer very basic questions about the Japanese beers bring offered. When your beer list consists of less than 10 beers  especially their lunch special which also comes with soup or an egg roll. I love the fried noodle chips they serve before ordering. Everyone I've brought with me has always loved it as well!" "The order was timely and the food was good. I have had better sushi "The Chinese food and sushi always tastes amazing but I do have a few complaints about the staff. The lady who usually answers the phone to do delivery calls is very rude and makes me not want to order from them. The other lady who delivers the food is VERY strange but she means well. Sometimes she iss on the phone  VERY EXPENSIVE! Total for the above was $24! Beware of the delivery guy who will try to scam you for a bigger tip! I gave him $30 for the $24 order and asked for $2 back (which would give him a generous $4 tip in addition to the $2 ""deliver fee""). He claimed he didn't have any one dollar bills. (Dude  when I go to restaurant I'm looking for good food to back that up. Not sure we will be back."  as the options around the office park can be slim... so we decided to switch it up from our regular Chinese restaurant delivery and give Tai Pei a try.  I think we've found a new favorite!  The first thing I noticed was how polite the girl on the phone was when taking our large order. When I called back 30 minutes later because I forgot to tell her we had a coupon for a free appetizer 