Jared! Nice guy. Decent cut. Gossipy local chair shop. I'm the PICKIEST girl of all time.. I've been going to Jared at Yolanda's for almost 2years. He has transformed my bleached hair into beautiful long blonde locks.. Hell tell me no to certain shades of blonde in order to keep my hair at its healthiest. I lo e him and HIGHLY recommend him for blondes and trims and minor cuts.. He always does just enough.  only to find that the salon was closed. Both the sign on the door and the listed hours on the website state that Yolanda's tanning side is open until 8pm. I'm pretty pissed that I wasted time driving the whole way from Monroeville to Bloomfield for nothing. I've spent money on (multiple) tanning packages here "I love this place. I have been going to Yolanda's for the past several years for haircuts. Theresa has been great with me  we used to go here every Friday after our first (and last) class of the day in college.  It was is a mild obsession- a love affair of sorts.  so you just bop along for the 5-10 minutes you are laying there.  They run great specials all of the time that I receive via email or even on their Facebook page.  Tropical Tan has become my tanning joint of choice - great place!" "I just recently got a membership about two months ago. Prices are a bit high for what they offer I started going there around 2010 after the place I started going too closed after 2 months. Everyone is very friendly and the place is clean and well kept. I have tried many different products and always achieved a nice tan. Products are not cheap but they do run a lot of specials and let you know about them. I had an accident once when I hit my head on the corner of one of the beds. The owner immediately came and administered first aid. When I arrive I am always greeted and always told to have a good day when I leave. Linda and Caitlin have always made me feel welcome as a customer and so have the other employees. GREAT customer service! Not pushy and they are very educated. The Norvell Sunless booth is better than any other I've tried. Only place in the area with Norvell. The very best place to tan in Charlotte!! Great staff. Great beds. Great place to get a spray tan too!  but by the way my fingers bled I'm not so sure about their tools.." "Love my nails! Ask for Kat...she's awesome! The decor is nicer than most nail salons. They have a wide selection of colors. Had a coupon for $20 gel manicure which was a plus. Whenever I'm on this side of town Don't bother making an appointment for this place. Made an appointment for 3 o'clock and sat there for an hour and still didn't get help. Ended up leaving to go to another place. I just had one of the best pedicures I've ever had. The service was great. Incredible attention to detail. I could tell she truly wanted to do a good job and wanted me to enjoy the pedicure and relax. I did! I will definitely come back here.  and not overpriced. I was not disappointed. The staff was very professional and not rushed. Many friendly regulars walked in while I was there. Will definitely return if I'm in town again! $20 well spent." "I've always had great service here. There have been a lot of changes to the space recently to make it more relaxing. The staff is polite  if you are offering ""discount"" for customers paying in cash you have no reason to be a snot! Give me a break! The 2nd time I had the same snotty tech and she was just as expected-snotty! The pedicure was a joke and they basically do a quick rub and no true callus removal at all. The dryers they use for the gel manicure are old and trashy and have a handmade taped cardboard piece in the middle of it to help you place your hands correctly so that the gel actually adheres. Well guess what My only complaint about the pedicure is I wish the massage lasted longer." I got a manicure and had my eyebrows waxed from Bella a few weeks ago and it was great! She was sweet and did a great job. The location seemed clean and I went on a Monday and didn't have to wait even though I didn't have an appt! Love this place! The prices are great and if you pay with cash it's a few bucks cheaper!  They take their time and the polish last! I've been coming here for years. At least 4 and I've always loved it until today. This is the last time I visit this establishment.  and the customer service was poor.  It was not worth fighting campus traffic to get there." I went for lip and eye brow waxing. They are by appointment only. She did a great job on them and she really listen to what I want. Did a great job on my brows specially. I would go again.  this is one of the best places I have been for a brow wax. My sensitive skin has taken a beating at many other places but never here. I don't know anyone by name but the employees are all very nice and skilled at what they do. Oh I give them 5 stars because they are better than any spa I have ever been to and a third the price."  me and my boyfriend decided to get pedicures together. I searched for places close to home and after reviewing Fancy Nails decided to give it a shot. We got there and all the techs and who seemed to be the owner or manager made us feel very welcomed. The place was clean and inviting. We got to the chairs which were probably the nicest chairs I've seen in a while and I loved that the spa pedi bowls had one use plastic liners that are disposed of after every single use. My massage was AMAZING!!! and the polish and selection was good!!! I was very happy and even my boyfriend said when we were finished ""that was awesome  is they rememer you! it had been a while since I went there and they mentioned that to me. I will definately be going back there!" I love the work they do and they're cheap!!!! So worth the trip! I love this place! Kenny is awesome! The owner is super cool and friendly. I have been coming here for 4 years and I would never go anywhere else. It's nice and clean and bright and open. I have been getting my nails done for 18 years and this is by far the best nail salon I have been to. "First time at Fancy today. Walk-in appointment and I got sat immediately with Ha. She was very good! Very clean and quick technique. The salon is very nice and welcoming...they offer coffee  very clean and great service. The techs dont sit on their phone the entire time you are there :) I will be ditching the other salon and using this place from now on! Great find. Highly recommend!"  but much better during the week.  that being said they like to take their time during the week.  sometimes its helpful to let them know you have a bit of a time crunch.  (my last gel manicure and pedicure i was there for just over 90 minutes)  i appreciated the time and enjoyed the break ** They also prefer CASH rather then debit/credit card and have a sign saying so." "Have been going here on and off for about two years now. Very nice people working here and they do a good job. Was a ""walk in"" and they took care of me right away. Ivy did a very nice job and will return!" "Went on a whim while running errands and I was helped right away. The salon was very clean and the chairs comfy. The staff was friendly and though it was busy it was fairly quiet so I felt I could relax. basic mani/pedi for $34  and friendly staff. My only complaint was they didn't have me sit under the lamp to dry so after I got home I noticed one if my toes was smeared. Luckily I brought my own polish so I could touch it up. I will be going here again."  we were not disappointed. Good service and price.  We will b going again." Thank you yelpers!! I found also found this place to be awesome!! Clean and lots of gel colors and glitter to choose from. Ill be back there for sure!!  but I can see how that may change since discovering this place! Friendly staff and no wait time. Excellent price too." I'll definitely visit again! Very happy." PEFUYmqfqy93_xyCnSfGNg This place is so clean. They engage you and talk directly to you and no cross talking. The owner runs a tight ship and you can tell. I really like coming here and always leave satisfied. They do such a good job. A spa pedi is only 22 and its amazing. Go here! Steven is the best here. He listens and does what you ask. No sharp square nails here. He does a great French pedicure. The price is great can't beat it.  and close to my house. Every time it come in here they seemed very rushed and try to get you out of the door as quickly as possible. No room for relaxation. One time I did back my nails done by Steven I had a great experience. They took a little longer than expected and that's the only reason I would take a star off. They took their time to make my nails look AWESOME! I will definitely be going back because their prices were not bad at all and it was probably the best gel mani I have ever received. Great experience. Friendly technician. Very much appreciated the attention paid to sanitation. I didn't have an appointment and they were able to seat me immediately for a pedicure. The technician made conversation and paid attention to details. They do prefer you pay in cash (though they take credit cards). You cannot leave a tip on the card though - best to bring cash.  my favorite is Lynn. She is super talented!"  I will definitely make the extra effort to come here over other places. Yay! As for the previous review that mentioned a discount with cash  like several reviewers noted below- bring CASH to tip."  and this salon is by far one of the best I have seen. I wish I lived here so I could come get my nails done here more often. They have complimentary coffee and tea at the entrance :) They have great service too! Ask for Kim or Steven to do your nails!" Very impressed... Hannah did a great job.  I love the disposable liners for pedicures.  The only drawback was that I had to wait about 35 minutes for the appointment I made in advance.. But I would certainly recommend! "I will NEVER go to this salon again to get any service.  I have been a customer of this nail salon for over a year.  Last week I called to schedule an appointment.  After waiting 20 minutes with feet soaking & water now cold-I asked how much longer it would be.  The lady beside me said she would be doing my pedi & it would only be a few more minutes.  I understand a delay I will NEVER recommend this business. I'm disappointed I can't give a zero star or negative star rating. Fancy Nails gets a big middle finger from me!" Overall great experience Everytime I have been in here. Weekends get slammed so if you want a longer massage and more time spent then you need to go in during the week. Very consistent in here as far as cleanliness and service. Always a great idea to call ahead and let them know you are coming to make sure there isn't a wait. Best nail salon I've been to in the Valley. I never have to wait. I don't ask for anyone in particular because every person who has done my nails has been fabulous. The polish lasts for longer than any salon I've been to. Love this place!! Second time coming to this place. They are great! Friendly service. I recommend going in the mornings on a weekday if you can swing it. There are less people so you can get in right away if you are a walk in. I have had one mani and one pedi done and I love both. They have a nice large selection of gel nail polish and regular nail polish. The decor inside is pretty and clean. They even offer bottled water and have a keurig in the waiting area. Will definitely come back for my next manicure or pedicure:)  they provide free coffee and candy. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because my legs became a mosquito buffet but it's not their fault and it's pretty cool there with ceiling fans turned on." "I've been here four times and each time was relaxing. Its quiet  and it looks absolutely ridiculous. It was only that one nail so my overall pedicure is inconsistent. I brought it to her attention even though there was nothing she could do to change it and she brushed it off and said that's how it's done."  and soon enough your in your seat.  Let's say you got gels they would check every coat before putting it in the light. And they turn out perfect!  They also have a great coffee machine and water.  The people are super nice and great at what they do. It is also a very clean shop which has super comfy chairs washed supplies and the nicest polishes. So be sure to go to Fancy Nails Salon is trendy and certainly FANCY! Pedicure includes a wonderful and lengthy foot and leg massage. Hundreds of nail polish color options and competitive pricing. I'll be back!  they are going to be a little more rushed. Remember this is a nail salon not a true day spa. They are great and better than many day spas I have gone to Awesome price of $25 for a gel mani. Lots of OPI gel colors too! Everyone is really nice and takes their time. My favorite place :)  Brenda took her time and did a great job. Salon was clean  I've happily driven 18 miles (one way) to have my nails done here.  Definitely the cleanest nail salon I've ever seen.  I like that they use disposable liners in the pedicure tubs.  Amazing colors of gel and regular polish.  Friendly and detailed staff.  Wish I could give 10 stars.  Very reasonably priced." This was my 1st time at Fancy. I took a chance coming in on a friday w/o an appt but was greeted and seated right away. I met Hannah and she did a gel manicure. Very sweet and friendly. She was quick and did a great job. Another girl did my pedi and I was happy with that as well. The place was nice looking and clean and I liked the service. Prices were fair and I will def be back!  as he informed me he had 20 years of experience and insisted on rudely ""showing"" me each nail as he went along. The good thing is he got is resentment out.. On my actual nails. The surfaces are clearly filed down leaving huge and noticeable markings. Again I am so embarrassed by my nails at this point and will have to switch back to a full color rather than pink and white in order to cover up him grinding down the surface of my nails. The miserable process dragged on for over an hour.. Just to top it of off he applied the gel coat but missed large portions making my nails uneven and prone to miscellaneous spots being discolored. Never going back that's for sure!"  the moral of the story is if you want to get ripped off Had an absolutely wonderful experience here this past weekend! Steven was in town and did not nails with a gel manicure. He did a great job and took his time.. I did not feel rushed one bit. This will be my new favorite place to go. I have lived on this side of town for about 7 years and never heard of this place I have been going to oceans right down the road but they have become too crowded and I normally can't get in on a weekend with out at least a few hours wait so I found this little gem! Very friendly love the big tv! Average pricing.. I will be back and this is my new nail place! They did a great job on my pedi and mani "Came here yesterday for a gel mani and pedi . Clean salon and disposable liners in foot tubs Appreciated that they soaked my acrylic off instead of trying to ""pop"" them off . Tina did both my hands and feet and both are completely on point . Not to mention she took extra care and detail  Got a fill here about three weeks ago and my nails still look great!! Hannah did a great job and I will be back for sure!!! "I've been to this salon twice. The first time was great and I was very happy with my gel manicure that lasted a very long time. The second time I came in and it was horrible!!!! I asked for a full set of acrylics. I got seated with the male tech. At first he was very nice and then when I asked for them to be a certain length he told me no and that that was ugly! I was so offended! I asked him again to go shorter and he refused. I finally picked a color and he did a horrible job. The color came out so streaky. I left and my nails looked horrible. My cuticles were still a mess  but they got me in right away.  I had a full mani-pedi and an absolutely thrilled with the results.  I believe it was Jessica and David who helped me and they were both friendly as can be.  Hannah also was great.  I definitely recommend this place!!"  and everyone is always professional and courteous.  There are plenty of other nail salons closer to where I live but I choose to come to Fancy Nails.  They're everything I was looking for in a nail salon!"  especially late in the day."  I'd go back. Really friendly people and they'll never let you go thirsty lol!" Best & cleanest nail shop in Northeast Phoenix!  David & his nail techs have the latest colors!  Try the mood gel polish!  Changes color in cold or with water!  They have liners in tubs and keep everything very clean!  You will love it here! Best & cleanest nail shop in Northeast Phoenix!  David & his nail techs have the latest colors!  Try the mood gel polish!  Changes color in cold or with water!  They have liners in tubs and keep everything very clean!  You will love it here! Thanks David & awesome nail techs!  consistency is everything! I live an hour from this place and it always puts a smile on my face walking out." First time at this place and they just got a loyal customer. Service was amazing and the spa pedicure was the best I've had in years! The gels nails were also great and a great hand/arm massage to come with. The price wasn't bad either!!! I am definitely coming back!!! Excellent service as I was passing through and needed immediate service. Professional and my gel nails lasted 5 weeks! Very kind  quick and the location is perfect for me. I've never had to wait and everything is clean and new. The only thing I dislike is that when the owner is having a bad day  My first hand custom Spray tan! I loved it. I thought id feel funky standing there in my drawers but he made me feel like i was family. All in all this place is great  nice extras in the rooms like baby wipes and extra towels) but I think you get the point by now.  Just check this place out The owners of this place are great. They keep the place clean and they offer several options for tanning. They have a good selection of lotions too. I also appreciate that they offer a discount to the local gym members. I'm very fair skinned and I go to Mexico on vacation every summer... this is my place to pre-tan so I don't burn in Mexico. 