To the ladies- this is the best joint in Pittsburgh to get your SATC mode on." "I was here last night for a few drinks and a couple of appetizers.  I go here about 6 or 7 times a year.  The bar itself is beautiful.  The seating is great with a huge circular bar in the middle and a lot of leather seats towards the sidewalk by the open air doors and windows.  They also have seating outside which is good for people watching especially when there is some type of event in the city.  I've found the staff to be a little above average  I will definitely be heading back to Bossa Nova on another night - it has a very nice atmosphere. But I'll be sticking to one drink at a time." Verdict: Drink but avoid the food at all costs..." Good drinks with some run of the mill tapas. Nothing was innovative which I don't mind since it wasn't to expensive. My food taste a little burnt which is what cost it the fourth star. Overall it's worth trying and you may like it better than I did. "SO disappointed with this place! I've been wanting to try it for some time and finally did and boy...what a letdown. I had heard that it was one of downtown's happening Happy Hour places "Cavernous and huge floor plan.   The location of Bossa Nova is perfect if you're downtown - either coming from or going to a show at Heinz Hall or walking across the Alleghany over the Clemente bridge to go to a game.  The place is handy if you're with a large group.  The timing was probably bad - the Monday nite of Thanksgiving week at 8 pm but there was no more than a 4 or so tables going off.   I fear that BN may not be long for this world.  However All in all a fun place to hang out.  One thing I noticed is that there is a gap between when it's jumping.  Right after work is good b c you get the happy hour peeps Although you will always have your creepers....case in point last night. A strange man claiming to work at Saks went around kissing our hands. But who doesn't come out of a bar without a creeper story. It just adds more flavor to the place...or a good story to tell the day after!" It was a little more bar than restaurant  the barstaff is generally friendly and very quick - most likely so you don't realize you just paid eight dollars for a beer."  so I was shocked for them to say they are closed when I walked in the door at 9:15 pm.  But I went back again the next day and had a wonderful meal there.  I was a little disappointed that some of the traditional Spanish items Came here for drinks on a Thursday night which was salsa night. Very classy and swanky.  Great to find some culture among the steeler jersey laden bars that cover most of the area.  Bossa Nova is one happening spot in the downtown area The quality of the food and drinks (and their corresponding high prices) probably merit a two-star review. But we were greated by a very pleasant hostess and served well by the nice bartender. Their service alone probably earns Bossa Nova the three stars I am giving." I am not saying that people who like this place are any particular sort. Some of my favorite people like Bossa Nova. Just stating my personal experience."  no louder than the booming music mind you. Made my stomach churn. Also they used him to close at 1:15am on a saturday. Thats pretty lame for a downtown bar just because they were not packed. Bars in Salt Lake City Utah do that  again.   The hostess never lifted her head from whatever she was reading.   I think that a sign would have served a much better purpose.   On the back side it could have said ""thanks for your business"" .....or lack  but the atmosphere definitely gave off the ""I'm better than all of you"" type of vibe. Maybe it was the fact that they charge for th coat check?" "We went there for a late dinner. They have a tapa menu. The environment is nice. People were dancing in the bar area and the DJ has pretty good tastes for music. The food is just so so. The waiter waitress doesn't seem to know what they are doing... We waited for 20 mins just for someone to come back to get us the bill. The most surprising thing is: I ordered fries and I asked for ketchup. They said ""we don't have ketchup"".... which is quite ""amazing""..." I ended up going to Bossa on Latin Dance night.  I was impressed as to how many people were on the dance floor.  I had a good time and would most likely go back when I hit up Pittsburgh again. Went to an event here. The meatballs were frozen meatballs. It was ok. I probably wouldn't go back to eat. This place is average in food price and quality. But the attitude of this place could be better. Go to Six Penn instead. They have outstanding service without the pompous attitude Go to salsa night on Thursdays super FUN "The menu was small and underwhelming. The flatbread pizza most likely came out of the box. They didn't have the sauces I'd be interested to return here for a late night experience because the restaurant lounge has an open layout with peripheral seating which seems conducive to bumping into and then talking with people."  the staff seemed distracted - which I could forgive if there were more than five people in the restaurant. I am giving it three stars as the menu is at least interesting and the selection of wine and spirits excellent. Otherwise Cafe Luna is at the corner of 4th and Green in the funny wooden building - either go up the stairs from Green and turn to your left  and more than slightly inebriated. 4-1/2 stars." It is the best tapas place that I have ever experienced. I really want to drive back down to have it some more.... vY3jiyABOyFOaGBujou8Vg   my date's dish was great and the tapas we ordered as appetizers were wondreful.  Luna's wine menu is very good and the bar tender made a good wine suggestion for us." Plan to spend $50-75 for two people." We ordered a $20 carafe of sangria (not listed on the drink menu) which was tasty and elegantly served (wedges of strawberry and orange on the glass rims and blueberries mixed with the ice in each glass--a neat touch) but hardly seemed to have any alcohol.  Oh well." after two attempts now  I thought the prices were really good. We got all of that for fifty-five bucks. Cafe Luna just needs more polish on their food and better trained waiters."  but the quality of ingredients and execution leaves quite a bit to be desired. I'm curious to try their brunch but there was enough wrong with the dinner that I'm somewhat hesitant." "This is the old standby for romantic dinners with my husband.  It's a wonderful experience going there and it won't totally bankrupt you.  Their wines are always amazing.  I'm one of these wine snobs who is also totally ignorant about wine.  I know a good one when I taste it Read some of these reviews and it seems people really have it out for this place. I experienced an incredible dinner with engaging and knowledgeable staff at a great price and even had some great jazz playing while we ate. Talked to the table next to us who were experiencing the same thing who then recommended brunch-can't wait to try it later today.  that was nice of her.  And she was really very nice and properly embarassed that they were out of everything and screwed up our order and gave us gross soup.  So pretty much one star is for the ambience and one star is for the nice waitress."  order the roasted pear salad and my 2 favorite tapas are walnut/goat cheese balls and coconut shrimp." The rudeness of our waitress plus the overpriced food makes it an experience we won't be recreating."  but Luna as C-U knew it is gone."  but all too often they make mistakes. The waiters deliver to the wrong table  maybe a bit on the pricey side the food was different and tasty. while my tofu could have had more flavor  it so happens that they messed up the order and gave us the crabcake topped with wasabi guac...or something like that.  Their fault so they said they would bring the prawns right out....except the bartender came back from the kitchen and said that they were out of prawns but they could do it with regular shrimp.  We said fine.  They came out (four of them) One time a friend and I showed up around 7 to eat and stood in the doorway for nearly 10 minutes before we decided to leave. Way too expensive for crap like that."  the service. The waitresses are hit or miss--sometimes excellent and sometimes moody/incompetent."  and the rest of the meal was just way too long. But I will be back to sample the dinnertime tapas! (And expect a review after then too.)" It is such a cute restaurant." I may go back in the future "I remember when I first visited Luna when it was on Green street - lots of interesting items on the menu and all I tried made me want to come back to try more - always a great sign. At that location parking was a pain  potato gnocchi and crab/lobster crab cake tapas to share.  Everything was spot on delicious!  To drink we had a dirty martini (best I've ever had) and the French Horn.  The French Horn was good but a little sour for my tastes.  The atmosphere is very quaint.  I am very excited to try their brunch menu sometime.  I thought it was very reasonably priced for everything we had.  I'd highly recommend Cafe Luna to anybody!" "Oh man. Croquette Madame and the Croque Monsieur. Seriously killer. It's so delicious and it has to be one of the best sandwiches in the city  but if you want a nice meal in Chambanavoy this is about as good as it gets."  think again. Not nearly as good and has a smaller/weirder selection of tapas."  you should really consider having an appetizer "Maybe I'm not in the right crowd to enjoy the food. The feeling was far too pretentious for my taste A Chicago reviewer would say ""there are kinks.""  I must say however  and after being seated requested some bread or a started to help tide us over until the food arrived. She brought the table of 8 four slices of bread. About a half an hour after arriving we got the first dish "Absolutely delicious. Service was great-especially since it was spring break and it was not crowded. The tapas were great portions. Tried the walnut goat cheese balls with honey...divine!!!  The mussels in spicy curry were tasteful "Enjoy the ambiance of Luna and there is solid food for the price. A bit skimpy on the vegetarian/vegan options I really used to like how haphazard Luna was when it was on campus. There was a sort of charm in not really knowing if you would get the food you ordered. But this charm has worn thin Food was overpriced and low quality.  Service was very slow during lunch hour and servers didn't bring out some drinks and amenities even after being asked twice.  Orders were messed up.  Very unorganized.  We ordered the Luna Club which was greasy and a salad which was drowned in dressing.  Had to ask for silverware.  2 hours for lunch is too long. Nice ambiance but portions are kinda small. By: One of your customer who intends to let everyone know about this incident" I'll do Sunday brunch somewhere else!" I highly recommend Cafe Luna."  I only tried the tapas. I see no reason why the rest of the menu won't impress." This place is so overrated it's not even funny.  I wouldn't be surprised if they closed down soon and honestly hope they do.  The service is awful  I could hear all of the employees in the kitchen yelling about how they couldn't wait to get out of there and that they hated being there...my sentiments exactly." I just read that this place was temporarily shut down by health inspectors for scoring -9 out of 100 on their inspection.  Disgusting! I want to love this place but service is a huge deal for me. It's disappointing that Luna can't excel in this because I do think they have some good food."  but it needs to try a little harder to live up to what it's trying to do." Dropped $120 with tip (two people) for the worst food I've ever had at a respectable looking restaurant. I understand it was a set menu day and their tapas are better. However By: One of your customer who intends to let everyone know about this incident"  ambiance very warm and inviting and the food superb! Every item we ordered was a symphony to our palettes. The owner/chef A place Gordon Ramsay should visit.  at the same time.  The restaurant week menu was lame with no real choices (I'm obviously spoiled in Detroit... and how sad is that... because we have OPTIONS with our restaurant week menus)." I will go back because I want to give Luna another change to make my brunchy dreams come true." They took down my review twice..... It was not offensive at all except stating the facts. Yelp should stop letting the owners easily taking off the reviews...... My favorite place to get brunch in this neck of the woods. The beignets and eggs benedict are killerrrr. I will say however the staff is a little too unattentive for a 5 star review 