 but not super exciting either - Pino's suffers from its close proximity to the excellent  Point Brugge Cafe. It also gets quite noisy inside so it's hard to carry on a conversation  and I would easily come back here for a great meal." "I made it back here about two weeks ago.  I must say the experience was night and day compared to the one at the end of July.  Whether or not it was an off night I do not know  the menu was very limited and the service was abysmal despite a nearly empty restaurant.  We literally waited 15 mins. at our table and then left prior to ordering." Conclusion: I'd rather wait 45 minutes for a table at Point Brugge than be seated immediately at Pino's."  should let his food speak for itself rather than being so concerned about the neighborhood competition."  I am very pleased with the lunch menu and the range of dishes that are available.  We'll definitely be back for brunch." Not sure Pino's will get a repeat visit.  Disappointment:(" "Bland food and poor service. Its a shame since it's a great location and could be much more Overall we loved our experience and WILL be back! We were told about Pino's legendary Sunday brunches "Enjoyed a wonderful evening eating outdoors on a perfect Pittsburgh spring night.  The charcuterie plate worked well as an appetizer for 3 and included a fantastic balsamic dressing.  I had the best pasta and white clam sauce I've ever experienced And for the music complainer (you whining stinker) we had a nice iPod mix on when we were there!"  chunkier eggplant that melts in your mouth.  My favorite appetizer there is the sizzling olives--they bring you a little cast iron skillet and throw olives in it--they soften and are so wonderful to eat!  Flavor explodes in your mouth!  Also good is ther roasted veggie platter and charcuterie plate.  We typically go on less crowded days this place had a great selection. The mussels were outstanding and the staff was very professional!!. TRY IT YOU WILL LIKE IT!!!!! I like this place so much! Unpretentious. Everything is made from scratch. Service is amazing. Lots of small plates. Great wine deals... Definitely worth a trip.  but I refuse to give my money to someone who CLEARLY does not appreciate your business. There are SO many good restaurants in the area ZL6DNzyenFm9Kpz6uADlNg  it's great to see the owners supporting local businesses!"  some brews I haven't seen.  Only place I've been that had East End Homewood Reserve on tap for me to try (exciting for a beer dork like me I have never been disappointed and certainly would continue to conduct business lunches here. Pino's has been very reliable and dependable in all aspects.  I would make it 3 1 2 stars." What really tops it off is the owner is beyond rude and doesn't care about the business. I heard it used to be much better but now I don't know anyone who eats there..."  but it was so good we did!  They also had their doors open and we were able to sit outside in the cool summer air--great way to kick of summer!" The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  Their regular menu seemed reasonably priced and everything that I had tried throughout the night was good."  I wish they offered the 3 course menu as a regular feature." "I grew up just the street from Pino's and my family were probably its most regular customers -- we got take-out at least once or twice a week for many many years New fall items on the menu--their grilled romaine salad is fabulous! After that we decided against dessert and left.  I probably will not return."  but I really can't hate on it like everyone else. Their wait staff has always been super attentive and friendly  people and animals and cars kept sweeping by us. It took the waiter three tries to get our meal order because he had to keep stepping out of the way of people walking down the street. Wine was good. Food was ehhhhhh. We had the mussel and clam appetizer and when it came out I really one to come back int the summer when the front windows are opened and enjoy some wine and small dishesa" "Nice atmosphere with above average food. This restaurant has a lot of potential. The wait staff was far below average: They were slow  things will change back to how they were.  Customer advice for what it's worth.  Refocus on great italian food not a wine bar concept.   Sometimes a liquor license is not the best investment!!!" "There was absolutely nothing not to like.  Reasonably priced wines "Small portions. Over priced food. Very small menu (dinner). Was OK I don't know where all the positive reviews are coming from. There was not one thing we ate that was impressive in any way. All of it was overpriced and below mediocre. I wasted my money  I'm happy to pay for quality."  embarrassing. It was an embarrassing situation for anyone to witness. Take heed of the negative comments on this site. I certainly wish I would have." Long story short....if you want to eat below average food and watch a chef loose it....this is your place!" I couldn't finish my dinner I was so mad.  Maybe Joe was having a bad day but there is no excuse for how he treated those customers.  Sorry "If you don't like your food... do not send it back to the kitchen... The ""Chef"" will come out and scream at you... Stay away from this place."  over the years I have twice seen owner chef Joe unhappy with unhappy customers. In one case the customer was arrogant and offensive. On the other occasion Pino's is frequented by a large rambunctious flock of malbec massacring 40-50 year old women.  My friend and I were the only males there.  If cougar hunting is your sport of choice "I had read some mixed reviews but I honestly don't understand the negative feedback. This was our first time and we found street parking right around the corner. We made the 7:00 reservations only 2 days in advance and the place was about half full when we got there and very full by 8:00 with some folks eating at the bar. We were seated within minutes at a great table near the front window. It was nice and private so we could talk with our friends. Water and bread was on the table within minutes with drinks shortly behind. we ordered the beans and green and italian fries as appetizers "Probably one of the worst places I have been to recently. I have had pasta come out of the freezer that was better prepared. $70 for a mushy rigatoni chicken dish and 2 glasses of wine (incl 20% gratuity.) service was very poor - on our table of 5 server couldn't remember what anyone had for drinks or dinner ever. You need to write down something on your pad like woman in blue del sol cab sauv to help you  I've had a thoroughly lackluster experience. Once I came on my birthday with my boyfriend and frankly was let down. We waited awkwardly for a very long time to be seated even though there were empty tables and in general had a very impersonal experience. I felt embarrassed having spoken so highly of Pino's to him beforehand. I know I'll be back for the occasional happy hour or small dinner  I left. I thought the days of ignoring and disrespecting solo female diners were behind us. I went to Park Brugge where the service at the bar with Amanda is always top notch!"  solid food.  It is located in the quaint neighborhood of Point Breeze. The service was a bit lacking but it got the job done." "We had dinner and drinks tonight and it was great as usual. We have been here often I totally recommend Pino's." One of my favorite places to eat while in Pittsburgh. If your in the shady side area or Bakery Square area this is one of the place you need to check out. Great service..great food..great people. but that's because it was perfection!" Some nice wine and good appetizers.  The main courses are quite pricey. Went for a quick dinner tonight and couldn't be happier.  I had the tuna and my son had the Carbonara pasta.  Both were excellent.  I love the neighborhood atmosphere.  The meals are pricey but very good.  got an order wrong (it drives me nuts when servers don't write orders down on paper). Again the food was delicious but everything else didn't fit."  aunt and myself  took a chance and tried this restaurant. Liz the waitress was so helpful and friendly. We had great wine and delicious meals. It was also a nice touch that the Chef came to our table to meet and greet. If you love homemade pasta "Would definitely come back! Was very impressed by the menu choices. Came here for restaurant week. I enjoyed every last bit of each course. It's definitely pricey My wife and I very much enjoyed our meal and the service. I had the Carbonara and my wife had the Chicken Scaloppini. Both very good and large servings. "Stopped here for a quick drink and a bite to eat after spending the day at the Frick. The staff was VERY hospitable to my dog and got him water! Could have been more attentive to the outside tables but Great food and a cute place overall. Would definitely recommend. Oh 