 I waited 55 minutes in the outer office to have a 5 minute examination. Wonder how much they charged my insurance for that?" "Thank you to the amazing staff at Phoenix Skin for taking such amazing care of my Dad. My Dad had questionable moles and was referred to Phoenix Skin by his Primary Physician. Dr. Laris and his staff were professional yet comforting. Dr. Laris took his time with the examination. He explained what he was doing every step of the way and then walked us through what the next steps would be. My father  as well as an artistic and cutting edge approach to keeping your skin young and beautiful "I have held out for awhile going to the dermatologist because of some bad experience's in the past. I found this place online and decided to take the risk. I ended up with Dr. Fermento and I couldn't have had a better experience. She listened to all of my questions/concerns and I felt very comfortable. The staff was very polite 1_ksgP_VSwFx0yBUAV3T4A  I recently lost my job and Dr lee did everything she could and helped me accomplish my goals without having to hound in the insurance company! It has been a week since my procedure and you would never known the improfections were there! Thank you soo much! THE results are SO greatt and truly appreciate your help!"  but would like to get rid of some scarring and big pores). Since I'm not getting any cosmetic services like botox or restylane I only see a PA. My PA is Katherine Haworthe and she is amazing. She worked with me to find the right regimen for my sensitive face. I also religiously come every 5 weeks to get a chemical face peel to help minimize my acne scarring and huge pores. Haworthe takes the time to answer questions I have and is always on time when I come in. I recently got my moles checked and she did a great job recording and taking pictures of every mole I have to monitor it. The office staff is great and it is really easy to make an appointment in person or over the phone. Will be a customer here for years to come :)" "I was referred to this office by my general doctor to have a cyst removed on my arm. After THREE visits  Ultherapy (amazing results) and recently filler.  I was very reluctant and nervous to have filler but he was conservative and skillful.  I am thrilled with the results.  Between the Ultherapy and filler I feel like 7 years have come off.  I highly  surgical coordinator  in phoenix skin care. I tried to schedule an appointment with her but when ever I tried to call her all the time it went to voicemail and even called the help desk to schedule an appointment with her but of no help.  I went to phoenix skin after lot of research and good reviews but of no use. If they won't care about their patients why would I recommend phoenix skin care please avoid Phoenix skin care."  explained to me the face wash and moisturizers that I should be using... And I can not believe the difference.  I was over washing my face and using too many products drying out my skin causing more breakouts.  The extra 5 minutes he spent with me going over the basics made a world of difference in my skin.... The staff here is always great as well!!  I only get one face don't go here for tattoo removal because their technician knows not what she does. :( :(" I've been going here for treatments for the past four years. Appointments are always on time! "I received thorough a consultation on the available options for my melasma.  I am so happy to have found a decent dermatologist office after a horrendous experience elsewhere .  I went from a wicked witch and her ugly henchman to a bit more pleasant office setting. Yay!  One thing that I was turned off by is when they do the chemical peel  the dr. didn't really get into detail of why it's happening and possible treatments (I have melasma on my face). The dr. just sort of prescribed me the medication and sent me on my way "Phoenix skin has been the best place for me. The service is great and I go each month for my laser hair removal on my legs. I have received 6 sessions so far and I have noticed a huge difference. McKenzie is great and so caring! If you need laser hair removal "Been there as an adolescent. Attempted to make an appointment and I wouldn't even go past the receptionists bad attitude problem. When asked a question that you know the client is not going to be happy with When the session was over my skin felt amazing and softer and it looked brighter and clearer.  When we were done she recommended a product to help me with a pigmentation issue and explained how to use it and how to care for my skin afterwards.  I'll definitely be back for more microdermabrasion sessions with McKenzie." The absolute best! First off the staff here are amazing! Blanca walked me through the entire procedure and made me comfortable from day one. Dr. Laris is an artist! I was so impressed with the fact that not one person tried to sell additional services to me and I was given realistic expectations. I was told the mini lift would send me back 7-10 years but it turned out to be at least 10 years! Thank you Dr. Laris! I can not even begin to express my gratitude!  I was expecting a long wait and a long process but nope not what happened here. I checked in for my appointment got seen right away  and was very talented in removing a mystery lesion. Her MA Candice was also the best performance I've ever seen from an MA. There was no sales pitch at any time Front office is very unprofessional and rude. This definitely reflects on the work they do since they don't treat their patients with respect... They charge for negative tattoo space so it's double the price. Aka they are charging for non existing ink in a tattoo area. Delete tattoo has picosure laser and prices are half the price and they don't charge for negative space. Called to see if they stopped charging this way and they told me no they still are charging for negative space. Makes NO sense. Just trying to get more money.  I recommend Phoenix Skin to all of my friends and family. My mother had skin cancer removed from her lip by Dr. Laris and countless friends of mine (including my husband) have been getting their once-thought-it-was-the-best-idea-ever tattoo removal done by Caitlin and their state-of-the-art PicoSure laser. I would highly recommend this practice to you and your loved ones  friendly and professional staff.  They put out enough sunblock to coat / protect your face after a peel.  Very pleasant experience :) thank you Phoenix Skin!" Really great place for professional skin care. I am so impressed with the entire team and process here. I initially liked Phoenix Skin and was planning on doing additional services after my PicoSure treatments were done. Now I am steering clear because of the lack of proper care I've received as a result of this practice."  I seem to have aged exponentially. Probably from having two beautiful children that siphon my life force. Current estimates predict that I will look like a more weathered version of Death Wish franchise actor Charles Bronson within 18-24 months. But for some reason Dr. Laris and MIke are somehow unaffected by the normal aging process. There are two plausible explanations for this. A) They are a member of some tribe of vampire/lycanthrope hybrids that leapfrog through time and remain young "Dr. Laris and all at Phoenix Skin are most professional and uber - caring. I am a 63 year old man who thought he needed a full face lift. After a consultation "If you are ok with Never actually seeing the doctor and having almost all the procedures done by very nice young Physician Assistants then this is your place. If your concerns are cosmetics maybe this place is good but I went for mole checks and basal cell carcinoma removal and it was done by a PA and the results were awful. Infection  with a vengeance. I wasn't expecting to have to ever go through this again. At least not with the same one? I called for a consultation. I was told that I had to have a Dr.'s referral before I could book an appointment. I just get the very distinct feeling that I am being put-off by an aloof I will not return to this office nor would I ever recommend someone to visit this office" "I went to see Dr. Laris today for Restylane eye filler and I must say I'm extremely satisfied with the results. I noticed a huge difference right after treatment. Blanca was amazing I had a neck lift and a Y Lift at Phoenix Skin by Dr. Laris.  I am very pleased with the results and impressed by the facility and his very competent staff.  They listened carefully to what I was looking for and got it exactly right!  I highly recommend Dr. Laris and his surgical team. (Including Blanca and Denise) "Extremely disappointed with the results of my mini face lift and brow lift. It has been a little over a year and initially I was fairly happy. But now you can't even tell I had anything done. My neck is awful I have had nothing but the best experiences with Phoenix Skin! I had my lips enhanced with Dr. Laris using Juvederm. The results are very very natural and beautiful! Dr. Laris is very skilled at his work and is so gentle during the procedure you can barely feel anything! I've only seen the PA Tana F. I'm not going back. They charged hundreds of dollars to spray a mole but did not inform me how expensive it would be to do it. Stephanie in Billing is quite hard-nosed. Also Tana said a lump in my armpit was in the skin layer when clearly it isn't . It's not worth it to go to this place. There are other reputable dermatologists in Central Phoenix.  again she reassured me that the way it looked was normal and that the healing process could take a long time.  So I walked out off the office to which my husband was in the waiting room and looked super complexed that I was only back there for no longer than 1 min.  I went home and continued to care for it with the cream they gave me and another month went by and the symptoms were still the same so I called the office again and explained my situation. The girl on the phone was really nice to me and told me to come back in and this time they would make sure a physician looked at it.  So I went in the following day and the physician barely had to look at my scar and said ""yep that's a keloid and the area is definitely irritated and not healing correctly"" I was appalled and told her my whole background story and she barely had any sympathy.  I specifically came in and asked if this thing looked right and the first girl (really wish I remembered her name) said ""no it looks great"".  I'm so mad it's not fair to me  I would NEVER trust anyone else to touch my skin besides Dr. Laris and his team. Denise and Blanca are wonderful as they've been with Dr. Laris and Phoenix Skin for as long as I can remember. Dr. Laris truly is an artist when it comes to the face. For those of you searching for an amazing Doc for skin care needs and cosmetic procedures So glad I found Phoenix Sun and Ha Pham!" "I came in last year to schedule an otoplasty. I had to schedule it months in advance and had it done in August 2015. After the surgery I was unhappy and told them that. They were very kind to redo the surgery in December This morning I drove my wife there and waited while she had her appointment. The receptionists treated me poorly. When my wife came out 