 but demented.  The girl who tattoed me claimed to be a vampire and played heavy metal during the entire experience.  Come here for simple work!"  from what I understand this is where you go to get your experience in the tatoo industry and once you've perfected your craft you move on to a more reputable shop. That could be totally bogus but I'm leaning more towards that explanation." "My friend wanted to get her first tattoo so I took her to Ink Link. All the employees were very friendly and helped her come up with the perfect design. She got freaked out in the middle of the tattoo session... the tattoo artist comforted her I have sat with Matt Terry who is insanely good and look forward to having Joey work on me in the not too distant future..." I go to see Hayley there as often as time and budget allow.  She is an amazing artist who deserves more praise than I can give her."  who was busy tattooing someone else. After explaining my idea to him he asked if I could come back another day to talk. When I told him I was not from Charlotte but would be in the area for a few hours and drove there to specifically to see about getting tattooed he took down my number and said he'd call in a couple hours to come to the shop we could talk about the idea and set something up. After 3 hours I went back to the shop and they were closed "Christian and Hayley are rockstars.  Everytime you see someone with an awesome tat in Charlotte odds are they have done it.  Their work is professional and beautiful.  I put down a deposit and was told it might cost more based on the complexity and time but it didn't cost anymore.  Very fair The overall experience was excellent and the price is extremely reasonable. They will not over charge you! I would definitely go back for another tattoo and recommend this place for anyone who wants a tat!" I never write reviews on Yelp.  This is my first one.  I would have rather it been more positive  we were greeted by the wonderful receptionist and met our artist- Hans- who did some amazing work!  All and all it was a wonderful experience and I would definitely go back!"  very nice staff and most importantly my tattoo is FU-@$&!&$ sweet!  I was worked on by Hans. I could not have asked for a more professional  there are photos of each artist's style on their website." Brought a rough sketch in and gave it to Jake.  A few days later when I came in for my appt I was amazed.  Jake had taken my sketch and made it ten times better and cleaner looking.  The actual process was quick and painless and it looks awesome.  I would definitely recommend Fu's and Jake.  I called ahead to see about a wait and headed in. They were very busy with all different types of people getting pierced tatt'ed. Excellent staff and the artist drew exactly what I wanted. If I was planning another tattoo I would definately head back." Thank you Fu Tattoo for completely ruining my husbands tattoo. What was once two initials with a heart is now one big blob. If you can't do a touch up on a customer you need to tell them. Awful. I will make sure to add a picture so everyone can see the work you clowns do. "I actually love Fu's. I've gotten all my tattoos done here and I'm returning for more. Customer service is kind of lacking  GO SEE MATTY and tell him Callie from Cali sent you. He might get upset about Biggie but that's his problem. ;)"  always seems busy and booked in advance.  I've heard good things about the other artists as well and will be back in the future!" "Just got my first tattoo with Jake and I'm real happy about it. He's super good "Fu's is awesome! There are many artists that specialize in different types of ink so choose your artist carefully. I stumbled upon a pretty great one there that is unfortunately moving however I've seen some pretty sick work from the others. There are 10 artists total and seem to always be booked. Walk-ins are allowed but I urge you to make an appt. Everything is clean inside and friendly receptionist lady  we discussed what I wanted and we even proceeded to email back and forth for the next day or so where I sent him pictures of what I wanted. When I got to FU's for my appointment The atmosphere in this place was pretty appeasing for someone like myself who has a low tolerance for pain. I was actually almost tempted to get another piercing or even a tattoo myself!"  was really cool as well and very thorough with how it was going to be and how to care for it. I totally suggest going there! I'm very happy and will go back if I end up getting another."   no guns. Keith keeps a very clean environment. Fu's Custom Tatoos also sports a beautiful art gallery that features a different artist about once a month. Definitely a hidden gem worth a stop even if you are not interested in body art!" Highly recommend Fu's." "All I have to say is Hayley is very talented. I had a great experience here "My girlfriend and I just had great experience with Travis at fu's.   We both experienced him listening to what we wanting "Spent almost $300 on a custom tattoo I found online that I wanted.  Quality is awful (spotty all over after it settled) and the tattoo artist acted like he was doing me a favor by doing it for me.  Overpriced and wayyyy overrated tattoo studio.  Would not go back and would not recommend to anyone.  With a city the size of Charlotte  one by Nathan and one by Justin. Both Nathan and Justin did a fantastic job! I'm coming back for a second!" My recommendation is to be more responsive anytime a customer is having an issue with the service they've paid for."  both big and small. For 3 4 I had Han's do them (he's a master at black and gray tattoos) and Jake did my other one. Whenever someone asks for a good shop to go to "My first tattoo and it was such an amazing experience! Mark was so great  and then I could feel it for a few hours after. Within 2 days it looked and felt healed (I'm sure it actually took longer but no discomfort or redness after 2 days). Much better than my last experience with a dermal anchor at another facility that never quite healed properly and the jewel came off a few weeks after getting it done. Price might be on the higher end for a dermal anchor but you get what you pay for there. No complaints." I got my belly button pierced here. Was worried about the overall cleanliness and professionality about the place but the piercing expert there was very professional about care and procedure. I have no desire for another tatoo so I can't rate on the tattoo service.  I have been back for my ears that closed. The guys here are very nice and sterile. They are always friendly. I find them to be a huge help when I can stop in and get my piercings changed for no charge since I got my bling holes here. I always leave a tip. Being a newbie to WI I was skeptical about public enemy because I only asked the locals in town and got mixed reviews. I'm glad I went in and checked them out myself. Worth it! I love this place!"  but my first is still my favorite.  The color has held up nicely over almost 10 years.  I'm hoping to travel back down to Champaign for a new tattoo from Mark of Cain!"  quick piercer who is no-nonsense and gets the job done immediately. The second place I've tried on campus I have several tattoos from Nick and they all turned out great. Amazing freehand work. Very cool staff. Very happy with my tat still...7 years later Good Price!!! Nice design. I got two piercings here and a tattoo while i was at U of I. They were clean and really professional. QttMncfha9jK3XLp8MZjAw The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because I haven't actually been here to get a tattoo (yet) so I can't speak on their behalf in regards to that "I'm also surprised by some of the negative reviews posted for New Life.  I thought that everybody was really cool and professional.  They helped me come up with some viable options for my ideas that ended up looking way better than my original thoughts ever could have.  People need to realize that tattoo artists are professionals and are far more informed on what will and won't work in body art than the average customer.  From my experiences at the shop  I'd have a hard time recommending another group to go to for tattoo work. If you are searching for serious tattoo work to be completed by creative professionals  there's nothing else to say. This is just the place to go."  and has had bad a experience each time."  all three times I've been there. I've had two piercings and two tattoos done (all by Lunchbox) and they were very professional and clean. Neither of my tattoos or piercings got infected and neither were painful or difficult to heal QttMncfha9jK3XLp8MZjAw  especially if you get a cartilage piercing. Only thing that I even thought twice about was the price - piercing plus the sanitary salt spray (optional) was a bit expensive. Otherwise  and I highly recommend it.  I'm sorry that anyone had a bad experience Lunchbox lives up to his reputation! My roommate and I went to get our tattoos together and he did a fantastic job! He was very nice and funny which made the whole process go so much more smoothly. I would definitely go here again (for my next tattoo)!  its hard to knock this place down and I really don't want to because the people here are really nice and know what they're talking about. I just didn't have the best experience." I will totally be going back for any other piercings I want." Very clean and professional." "We ended up at New Life Tattoos after walking out of No Regrets because they were incredibly rude jerks and said my idea was dumb- we were getting memorial tattoos for my triplet miscarriage.  Lunchbox could not have been nicer to me Lunch box is the GO to guy! My friend amanda took me with her one day to get her tattoo touched up and he did an amazing job. I saw him do a tattoo on another friend. I got my tattoo fixed by him from a guy who fucked mine up during a touch up.  My tattoo is great and im super happy with it! I like 3 hours away but its sooooooo worth the trip! I will definitely go back and get a tattoo done by him from scratch!!!!  hes always friendly and funny as well! Very clean and over all a great experience!  both of the piercings he did have keloids and the backs are so tight on the earrings I can't unscrew them. Probably going to take them out if they don't completely heal by January. I'll go to No Regrets this time.  I've never had keloids... Ever and he probably should have not even repierced them (due to the build up of scar tissue)... But that dude is beyond proud/stubborn. Avoid this dude at all costs."  he was not pressuring at all. He walked me through the steps. The place itself is very interesting. Art all over the walls and on the ceiling. It was very very cool. The minimum is $80 which is great considering they are right on campus. We would definitely return. Thanks again for the awesome service & tattoo."  reasonable suggestions to make sure your tattoo looks its best and holds up over time. I always know the next time I want to get a tattoo that I can count on them because of their quality and professionalism. I know Im in good hands with them whenever I go there and that they'll get it done efficiently and beautifully. Anytime someone asks where to get tattooed I always point them in the direction of New Life. I can't wait to have them put another amazing piece of art on me."  and was out the door within 30 minutes. Everyone was super kind and made sure the tattoo was exactly what I wanted before doing it. Lunchbox did mine 