Generally substantially slower and noticeably more expensive than badger cab. Not always reliable.  Long wait times.  Friendly cab drivers.  and safety in the hands of someone else for the convenience of getting to or from somewhere without needing to rely on your own car."  he advised me on how to get reimbursed for my cab ride by the car rental company and a good place in town to purchase tires for my car without breaking my budget.  Really nice guy.  Clean car.  Altogether  this time it was a regular ""on demand"" call.  The phone answerer said I may be waiting 5-10 minutes 8vwnU1FlmR88S2NHgR7Neg "This cab company is the best in the city in consistency.  Consistently polite "Environmentally friendly and just plain friendly. The prices are a bit steep  the rudeness and refusal of a short fare for a larger or is completely unacceptable. It will be a long time before I choose to use them again."  they were plenty fine for a casual booze-bender and the amenities (no puke stains or pee smells) made the ride a pretty enjoyable one." Not the cheapest but nice clean cab very clear with costs. "Regularly use union cab to go to the airport (and back). Really reliable  our taxi (#69) left without us because we took over one minute to leave the restaurant. I learned my lesson I got to the Chazen in plenty of time to catch my bus and the service was great. The lady who took me into town was helpful and friendly and knew answers to questions I asked about the local area and the bus stop."  efficient service. Would use again the next time I visit Madison" Union is the cab for me whenever I am in Madison (which on the next trip will be warmer by choice)....."  and it was a blast testing our knowledge. The ride back we had a young cute gentleman take us home. Had a great conversation and experience! The expense maybe more but well worth it. We waited 30 minutes to get to our destination and under 10  efficient service and a nice dispatcher. Low fares also! I was pleased with both cab rides tonight and would recommend use them again. Thanks Union Cab!"   and they were reluctant to give me an  estimated arrival time. I almost missed my flight and will not be taking Union cab again."  you are in for a treat. The driver is a real sweetheart and a great conversationalist. Ask him for advice on which airlines to take and you'll get a lot of good tips and tricks. :)" "I use Union Cab multiple times a month for work. They are timely Had a girls weekend night out and they got us everywhere we needed to go in a timely fashion! The only issue we had was I told them 45 minutes they showed up with 10 minutes. Dispatch was a bit slow  rude. I would still recommend them  which is less than 2 miles away. i called twice to confirm the price and also book the cab. the guy told me it would be less than $15 considering it is only 2 miles away. we get there and the driver tells us it is $10 plus $12 for staying in Verona (pretty much getting an extra fee for not going too far). we told him we weren't informed about the fee so he calls the dispatcher who asks ""are they unable to pay?"" so pretty much We called to confirm price AND went online for estimates. The dispatcher told us it would be less than $15. We got to our destination the clock said 10.50 but they said they had to charge us an additional $12! He blamed it on a new dispatcher. Sorry that is not our problem. We will choose another company next time. I was impressed with the efficiency of their reservation and receipt process and I appreciate the fact that they are a workers cooperative but what matters most to me is that they performed as promised.  I will plan on using them for any future cab needs in Madison" He also gave me a follow-up call to let me know that everything is processed and my package should be delivered on time.  I appreciate all the trouble he went through to help me take care of this problem.  He also let me know that he'd be working with his IT resources to make sure the web site works correctly in the future."  and have never been disappointed. They are super flexible  probably why I prefer them. Your milage may vary (ha). No Andy Kaufman sighting yet  I've learned that cabs in madison much prefer the group rides especially when there is a shortage of cabs.  I was one of 3 passengers and the first to be dropped off "I booked a cab today and we had 1 too many people for the size of the cab. My group offered to split up  because most of taxi companies don't offer that."  and makes some kinda of relateable small talk. And their rates aren't too terrible. It'll be about five to six dollars plus tips  we like the company. There are a few bad apples but not enough for the tree to be chopped down." I won't make the mistake of using Union Cab again. Even if someone else is paying for it  you could probably get a more affordable ride. In the case of Union Cab  corrected me it was 9 minutes. Added that probably will take AT LEAST another 15 minutes to be picked up (total at least 25 minutes wait time). Even added that their cabs are now picking up people who ordered from last night  the operator defended his cabbie and basically accused me of just being angry that I had been passed.  I am not impressed by their lack of concern for safety."  Union's higher rates are definitely worth paying if you need timeliness and efficiency. They're definitely the only cab company I would probably call for a ride to the airport to make a flight. Plus Next time you have an early AM flight in Madison and your hotel shuttle is not available I advise you to use Union Cab."  and we'll definitely use Union Cab again."  many times and that I can't ever recall having a bad experience. That's pretty impressive."  whether we would get a discount (""we do not give discounts""). Waited for the supposed cab for another 10 minutes and ended up taking our own car (the agent on the phone even said ""if you want guarantees you need to use your own car'!). Have not seen the cab anywhere in the area when was leaving Absolutely one of the worst cab companies imaginable. I cannot believe any business can successfully run like this. I will go out of my way to never use them again."  every person I speak to makes me repeat the entire situation and then tells me to call another person. I finally got the number to who I was told was the General Manager but is actually the Fleet Manager only to get a full voicemail box. Probably filled with similar complaints..." I called another cab company immediately afterwards and had absolutely no problem with them. The dispatcher didn't ask for the library's address (in fact  the cab was clean and the driver was personable. I even lost my phone inside the cab and later that day the nice driver dropped it off.  Hats off to you Yellow Cab" Called a cab about an hour ago and was told 10-20 minutes.  20 minutes ago was told 17 minutes.  Using my cell phone's last remaining battery life to leave this 1 star review. "Another dismal review for this company. I called for a 6 AM pickup to the airport like I had several times previously. Dispatch informed someone would arrive. I waited until 6:10 AM and called again-dispatch then told me another 15 minutes until pickup! I stated that was not acceptable as I had a flight to catch. I ended up driving myself to the airport. Oh yeah  grabbed my bag out of the trunk and was on his way. Pleasant "This is the worst cab service I ever experienced. I called the yellow cab today to make a reservation. After waiting for a few minutes  so we spoke with a human who said that the online submission had not specified a regular or special cab.  I was pretty sure I had specified ""regular cab""--but if there was some uncertainty  and don't feel sorry when you call over an hour early and maybe one shows up. I would not recommend this company. The problem seems to be from the Supervisor down." Yellow Cab is the MOST untrustworthy and unprofessional cab company I have EVER dealt with.  They double charged me for an expensive cab ride.  They will not take care of you if you call them with a complaint.  You do not get to speak to a manager.  They refuse to come to the phone.  I am going to small claims court.  I will never EVER give you guys one more dime of my money.  I will use a shuttle - any shuttle -- to ANYWHERE and then contact an honest taxi company to take me to my destination.  It sure won't be Yellow Cab.  Those guys are crooks!" The worst customer service I have experienced in my life. How is it possible you are even in business? This is the worst cab company in whole world." yR3U7jOgoD0V0sGovuyt0Q yR3U7jOgoD0V0sGovuyt0Q I would give them a negative star if possible. I scheduled a 2pm pick up to the airport and No Show No Call!! Discount cab to the rescue! Yellow can suck it. Unreliable!!! We took a ride from PHX airport into town and right before arrival the taxi driver switched off the meter and told us there is no connection and made us pay cash asking for more then the meter actually calculated! We planned to pay by card! Yellow Cab taxi is rip off! I do not recommend using their service! We will call Yellow Cab again before we ever call Discount."  the man and woman in Lost and Found were so rude to me. They made me feel like an idiot and that is terrible customer service. I called again today just to make sure that what I lost wasn't found after a few days and the woman I asked to transfer me the Lost and Found was again very very rude. If it had Just been that one time I would have chalked it up to them having a bad day. But i spoke to different people on different days and all of them were rude. I'm very disappointed with the customer service at Yellow Cab."  my driver tonight tried to get in a verbal fight with me over my address.. WHERE I LIVE. He slammed on the breaks in the middle of the intersection  I would use Yellow Cab again and I recommend them based on that experience." "The driver named Nur Ahmed was not courteous at all. He didnt even help us unload our bags. He was insulted and annoyed that we were giving him directions to get to our destination. His taxi was dirty and smelled as if someone smelled curry on the back seat. He refused for us to pay with a credit card. He insisted that cash only. When I asked for a receipt Needless to say we had to call and wake up someone we met in the area and have him drive us because we were out of options.  BEYOND FRUSTRATING!!!!"  after all that he tried to charge me almost double what I was originally quoted. Rates to the airport are a different rate than ""street rates"". The driver tried to charge me street rates when there is a sign on his dash that clearly states the airport rates. I tell him I'm not paying double the quoted rate. He refuses to switch it. I have to call dispatch again to get the rate lowered. Then (even though I said I would be paying with a card on my reservation) he tells me I have to pay cash. I don't have the cash to cover the ride as I was planning to pay with a card. We have to call dispatch again to have them run the card. Now I'm about 45 minutes later than I wanted to be getting to the airport. Save yourself the trouble and use a different cab service. What a train wreck."  had a Prius show up! Called to ask for an additional van "Avoid Yellow cab like the plague.  I'm required to take them around town because of insurance issues.  At times I've waited 90 minutes for a cab; other times no cab shows.  I've given up and Cab driver started off unfriendly and did not want to take a credit card once I arrived at my destination.  Every card I own was somehow declined until he extorted cash from me so I could leave the car.  Funny I had no problems with the cards anywhere else before or after. You guys wonder why everyone is switching to Uber???   Beware of Car #476!  quoted a price of $26 to drop me off at home from the airport...got home and was actually charged $43...for a ride in a raggedy ass cab. Save your money and do like I considered doing but didn't - call an uber" 