This is the best location and most reliable location to get your details answered and business taken care of in the Charlotte area when it comes to H&R Block H&R Block offers a peace of mind agreement upon completing your taxes with them that I appreciate and know that if I ever to receive any questions from the IRS they are there to assist."  though I'm not sure you couldn't find somewhere someone else to do it better and cheaper." Been here twice for help with my taxes. Great and friendly service. I would recommend this location. These people are fantastic-o! Really fair prices. Great customer service." "We were not impressed at all. We took the time to sit down with one of their accountants and explained exactly what we needed them to do for our businesses. Spent at least an hour and a half going thru everything and provided them with all the information they needed. They told us they understood and sold us on their services - but clearly they either didn't understand or were incapable of doing anything that didn't fit into their rigid structure. A quarter later we called to follow up and we got a ""I'm too busy for you right now"" reply. Not cool. Three months after that we realized they weren't doing anything we asked and we tried to find out what happened. Instead of owning up to their mistake - they tossed insults at us and acted like our earlier conversation never happened! When we took our complaint to the owner we got a very robotic apology with no attempt to make things better. Clearly this company doesn't work well with others."  come to Sorge!  We had every penny in our accounts levied by the state because Sorge didn't do what they agreed to do in a timely manner.  In fact  even after we moved out of state and had multiple state returns & some complex situations that we didn't feel comfortable filing on our own. I love that they are on-the-ball with their communication (we prefer email)  can't say enough about the folks at this office. They will work very hard to get your tax return done without over-charging you.  Anything from a simple return to complicated one  and knowledgeable! My taxes were quiet complicated this year but it was no obstacle for there CPAs who completed my return in 2 business days. Despite the complexity of my taxes In the meantime we contacted another CPA who was very familiar with solar installation filing and he was very informative AND in addition he informed me that my son could NOT put me on his return and that I HAD to file my own.  I had 5 or 6 e-mails to Jamie asking for my 1099's (I was able to get them off the websites) but she informed me the worksheets were not there - then big surprise - she found some and emailed them to me.  My opinion is after meeting Mr. Caldwell and learning of these two errors - I did not feel confident in his office doing our returns again.  Mr. Caldwell was very abrupt when he walked into the conference room with us and made us feel very uncomfortable and we both felt that he seemed arrogant - this is not the type of person I feel instills confidence.  Just my opinion and thought I would share it with Yelp because that's why I went to them in the first place.  But now I see that he had only two reviews and one was 5 years ago.  I would not recommend this office at all. I wish them well but felt that I should inform Yelp because this is why I went to them in the first place." We are still coming here after 5 years because of Geoff and Jamie! They are awesome! very experienced with business returns and book keeping. They are super responsive and we are pleased every year! Thank you Jamie for your professionalism!  but they also handle court accountings for our conservatorship and trust clients. Jamie has extensive knowledge in compiling detailed accounting reports for consideration by the court "I have had a wonderful experience as a client of Geoff and Jamie's.  Working in tandem they  are true talents in the accounting industry. Jamie's  extensive accounting knowledge and expertise have saved my company time and money. I consider her and Geoff to be a valuable asset to the success of my business. Reliable  I would not trust anyone more than Jamie and Geoff with our taxes and other financial advising.  They always explain things clearly and help us understand different tax issues so that we can better plan for the future.  I would highly recommend this firm and these two CPAs." Outdated Payroll System. Do not talk to each other and found this out while exploring other providers.  on the basis that they charge $75 per hour to do so.   One would have to be a complete idiot to think that it takes nearly three hours to produce those.   They describe it as a ""service.""    I believe that stretches the meaning of the word.     At one point when we had a new employee we had to fax forms to them four times before they received them.    They are frequently mistake-prone We use PAYCOM now. They are LESS EXPENSIVE and so much BETTER!" Many errors on their part and very unfriendly staff.  more than thirty days after I cancelled I'm still being billed for certain items that they claim I knew about because it requires my signature."  she looked at my account and saw that I had canceled. She was going to fix the problem right away. That was last week. I still have the charge on my account  their billing is out of control. My first year I was charged $2500 for a Canada/US return that also involved two different states. This was at the top end of the estimate (2k-2.5k). Though expensive "Keats Connelly is the WORST Financial Advising/Tax Services/Investing firm that I have ever come into contact with.  They made big promises...and failed in every aspect.  They have screwed up my international taxes 2 years in a row.  1) They forgot to mail me my taxes- and they sat on a desk never being mailed to me.  This gave me added interest and penalties that I had to pay out of my own pocket due to their error.  2) The forgot to file additional/supplemental forms 