That's probably sufficient gushing."  so either pack light if you want a room on the 3rd floor or choose a 1st or 2nd floor room. The 1st floor room has double doors so I didn't find it any noisier than the others. You are in a city and on a reasonably busy street I've gone to various teas so I feel I can give a good comparison.  Not impressed at all!  Will not go back there  and julienned spinach on top served on a piece of French bread. I wanted more. The second plate had fresh fruit and two scones- citrus and vanilla cream. Both were delicious but small in size. The final plate had a brownie  total mom place fo sho!  But I also love it for myself too!  Or for a bridal shower... If I could do another one (since I'm married I don't think that's proper).  But it's a great place High Tea is definitely worth the experience at The Inn on Negley!  I'd love to go back and stay in a room for a little close to home treat some day."  and it was everything we hoped it would be! The overall experience put us in a festive mood and we look forward to going back again in the future! The service was outstanding "This place is adorable and quaint. It's a former house turned into a bed and breakfast plus a restaurant. I had brunch here. The staff was clearly very well trained and put a lot of effort into the details rUQfZOengMpXFkLvJrNJ3g I had afternoon tea here and I find the scones unique because of the fruit used in scones. Service was good as well and a fair selection of teas. I would def be back when I'm in Pittsburgh! They have a beautiful back patio and a station with coffee and tea out all the time. So I've spent a few afternoons enjoying that. All the staff has been very gracious to us." What a lovely spot for afternoon tea and I look forward to returning again to Pittsburgh - may want to stay there next time!"  coffee or juice. The tea list is extensive and I recommend the mint chocolate-tastes just like the ice cream.  On our last trip we started with a small bowl of fruit followed by the pastry selections-these are always fresh and made in house.  This time it was lemon poppy seed bread and cranberry muffins. They were both absolutely scrumptious and I was wanting more as you only get a small sample.  Next up we got to pick our entre-they don't have a menu and usually have 4 choices and then eggs any style. I went with the goat cheese I bought my host a gift certificate for brunch in thanks just so he could share in how fabulous the treatment is. I'd return in a heartbeat."  that's definitely next on my list!" First time having Afternoon tea time in the States. This place is very beautifully decorated. We had the Earl Grey and peach ginger tea. They were really good and the tea stand was AMAZING  etc to choose from. Each morning breakfast began with a cup of fresh cut up fruit and a freshly baked pastry. The service was perfect with the proper amount of attention without being too invasive. The staff was one of the most polite and courteous I've ever encountered. Thank you so much for making our stay perfect. I hope to visit again some day."  juices. We were then brought a fruit cup and a small plate of muffins bread. The morning glory bread was full of good for you stuff and resembled a zuchini bread. The banana choc chip mini muffins were so yummy! We were then read the menu of the day which consisted of a french toast topped with berries and granola or an egg dish with veggies. We were also informed that we could request eggs any way we liked them with toast and breakfast meat. I went with the French toast and a side of bacon. The main course took a little longer than expected but "FIVE STARS!!!! Let me start with the amazing duo of Cindy (coordinator) and Liz (owner) who both made this luncheon tea an occasion to remember. I wanted a Downton Abbey type of tea party I definitely recommend it!"  tidy and clean. The back patio was a nice place to sit and enjoy a cup of tea. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. I took so many pictures because every corner of the B&B was picturesque." We came here just for the high tea. It was reasonably priced and everything was delicious! The mint chocolate tea was out of this world. We will definitely be back. The only thing that I think could have been better was the service. They could have been a little bit more attentive for refills of hot water or anything else we may have needed throughout the seating.  so please don't let the price deter you from going here because it is worth the price to experience a real high tea in such a lovely setting.  I will definitely be back and would highly recommend going to the Inn on Negley for high tea if you are looking for a unique and delicious experience that you cannot find everywhere." JqMsFCXEeG_8R4HS4gEu7g I take my granddaughter to legacy teahouse every month so that she can have a good memory of the fun we had.  inexpensive. Owners are some of the friendliest people in town. Great for high tea (thank goodness because this is the only place that serves high tea in Madison). You should go!"  and we picked out 3 loose leaf teas that appealed to my newly acquired taste.  I also got valuable tips on how to make loose leaf tea (put it in the pot and strain the pour-off "Prec. They will customize almost any item for it to fit your lunch needs. Outside seating is available and with the fantabulous sunshine in Phoenix  like no other. I was drinking with a couple of newly met friends next door at Rose and Crown and they wanted to go here to check it out Just based on what we observed with the service & the overall attitude NOT MY CUP OF TEA!!!!!"  maybe WalMart strawberry.  The worst was the dessert. COSTCO SPECIAL! Little dainties of mini eclairs and mini cheesecake squares still frozen with some Rheddi Whip Cream on the side. My six year old loved as she has a dairy intolerance and took an enzyme and she got to splurge. All of this with the griping trainer and the poor helpless trainee for 19 bucks a person. What else could you ask for? A REFUND - which the owner graciously gave us. The place has potential - but needs to work out the kinks  which is always a bonus to me.  We want to come back for an actual tea service - we didn't have time the day we went in but would love to plan a girls day out.  Apparently they also have Jazz in the evenings."  and brocade wallpaper - and did i mention fantastic scones with Devonshire cream?  I'm not even a girly girl (look for me slurping Irish breakfast tea in a Dramarama t-shirt) I would return on a day when I'm in the Heritage and Science Park  succumbed to a battle with cancer late last year.  We will miss her dearly.  Looks like someone is refurbishing Business is closed. Signs at front indicate its for sale & phone is disconnected 