 I have no idea where the problem lies with their service.  (a.k.a. why am I not consistently getting the Internet service that I both adore and pay so much for?) However those of us who just want high-speed Internet without phone or cable one just sort of has to suck it up as this is really the only option."  a customer service rep contacted me regarding my problem.  I had a rather pleasant email exchange with the reps.  We still weren't able to correct my problem but for finding an employee that was willing to go above and beyond They charge more than the services they provide are worth.  Since they currently have a monopoly on cable tv in the madison area there is nothing anyone can do about it. oLctHIA1AxmsgOuu4dM6Vw charter is horrible and since i coudn't get thru to complain on the phone here is my truth.  Charter is the worst." Finally I organized DSL with AT&T which was simple and easy and did not require a visit for installation. I just plugged the DSL modem in and called customer service who guided me through the set up. When I called to cancel with Charter they offered me the original rate but I'm pretty sure it would have been the same thing again. After calling to disconnect I got several calls from Charter trying to get my business back if perhaps they offered me a really good rate but by that point they'd managed to blow whatever shred of credibility they had left in my mind. Since I don't trust their billing practices I had no interest in continuing business with them any longer and am now much happier for it!" Do yourself a favor and get U-Verse or WHATEVER else is available in your area. Charter has a monopoly on downtown Madison and as such  rude and incapable of providing an acceptable level of service.  The customer service representatives are like talking to pre-programed robots  remember the one that was set in a diner - I believe it was Scott Light & Tram something (who is actually likable) - These kooks dressed up like bad characters from the show Alice (if you are 40 & up you may recall that show!). "" I will have a side of live"" - I wanted to shoot the screen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Yikes! Make it stop - turn the channel.  And Mark Curtis needs to shave that cheesy thing above his lip!  He looks like a cop from Reno 911!" Bill Bellis certainly knows his weather and teaches vs. just spewing out the facts.  Yeah some of the reporters are a bit goofy "This review is for the smart shopper card program on ABC-15. It is simply provides you with some of the best deals in town. Go to the website and print it immediately and start saving some serious cash here in the valley. Eat  Southwest Autism Research and Resource Center (SARRC) and Military Assistance Mission (MAM)." "ABC15 has one of the best staff I've gotten to work with the past few years.  The anchors are always nice and friendly.  I recently volunteered with Irene V. for the Operation Santa.  A lot of effort from ABC15 for putting on such a great holiday event and for four great non profits which help many in the valley.  Smart Shopper is also a great segment to find the best deals in the valley.   I usually have ABC15 on in the morning for the news.  And when I hear the name ""Joe""  I read about their Operation Santa Claus holiday charity campaign via friends on Yelp (thanks Jolly!) and called in to make a donation to help those in need.  I am always impressed when a media outlet gives up their airtime to support a local charity....kudos to the team @ ABC 15 for putting together this event! We came to the station to shoot a spot on Sonoran Living. Our first point of contact was Dave Pennington and we felt he represented the station very well. Dave and everyone at ABC 15 were very classy professional people. Dave also gave us a quick tour of the studio which was totally fascinating to me. Needless to say I don't make it to many TV stations so I appreciated it.  have you even considered the fact that you are soiling this poor girl and her moms name for something they haven't been charged with? Do you know how unethical it is to stalk someone to their home and twist their words around and give your opinion on people you don't even know? Obviously you have freedom of the Press but they also have innocent until proven guilty. You have NO idea what happened  the weakest and most inappropriate signal. What I mean is - this is 2015 - the age of technology. ABC15 continues to broadcast a weak 720P signal. What is the big deal in regards to updating it?" Can't believe I'm watching a local Phoenix news station that does not provide closed captioning or subtitles. Wake up ABC! Do you not want to include the hearing impaired as viewers??  Guess I'll watch Fox from now on. I just seen the cardinals count down! The 2 guys sounded like they didn't know what they were talking about. He based the results off of Cam Newtons cockiness! These guys are jacka**es.  they sound just like the low life criminals they report on." If they're going to continue this kind of ""LOW BROW"" slang They failed to use another one of Tom's quotes: ""The only thing you can believe in a news paper is the advertisements."""  and killed in the course of his duty. These knuckle heads still continue to call our officers ""Cops."" Come on. Start showing some respect." It's just funny how they never reference those earlier news casts. BAD FORM!" If you don't like the way the police have to do their job. APPLY FOR THE POSITION YOURSELF! I'd like to see you do it!" 