"Ed and Lynn are decent people with a fine revolving relationship with some excellent coaches and pros. They hold clinics and host leagues and have been a vital part of the winter tennis community. If it's raining or cold  perfect way to ease back into the game!  They have more advanced clinics at well for those of you who can play.  The building is convenient if you live in Shadyside.  Did I mention the clinic is very reasonably priced?! A++" Definitely looking forward to trying out more of their clinics in the future." This club is now officially closed for good due to redevelopment in the area. The membership fee is well worth the price for this excellent local resource." I believe they also have a dance lesson for beginners before the dance starts run by a group called Coal Country Traditions which is a Pittsburgh based group of older dancers that do swing dancing as well as folk dancing of different sorts  clean pool within walking distance from our house. AND there is a library attached so you can easily choose a book to read in the sun. I hear there is a byob BBQ on some Fridays and you can bring your dog once month. And they have a Slush Puppy machine in the snack bar! We are fans."  lighted. I've been to a few youth tourneys here. Not great places to watch from. The courts are in good shape z"  there are bathroom facilities here and lights for the courts.  I wish I had the luxury of not having a day job so that I don't have to fight everyone and their brother to get a court  one stand alone with backboard.  Two other courts in the back have backboards as well.  Has restrooms for both male female.  Small picnic area with tables.  Typically open till 10:30 PM."  but HORRIBLE communication about the courts being reserved.  We got kicked off by some mom because we were on the court that had the backboards and her children needed to hit.  We had NO way of confirming the court we were on was reserved-just had to take her word for it.  This is a TERRIBLE way in which to run a league if that's what it was.  My tax dollars helped pay for those courts 