it's a taco bell! besides from trying to confirm that i was out of my mind when i ordered 10 doritos locos tacos and a locos tacos box  I'll drive the further distance from my place the next time I'm craving a taco or two." The drive through service here leaves something to be desired.  Not only was my order wrong but the lady was very grumpy. I officially deem this place the worst restaurant in Pittsburgh." Worst service.  Dirty.  Slow.  Ignorant by the strictest definition.  Do not go here.  Bad!  Real bad. The one thing I absolutely love about this restaurant is how clean the bathroom is!!!  I was completely stunned and amazed when I walked in." I was 6 minutes late for breakfast and they gladly made me a breakfast burrito anyway. "the big burrito group knows how to do food. This place has margraritas that will do amazing things to you. Watch out or else you can end up in vegas getting married by the end of the night. The food is great  not that I would eat much of it. They have a great Bike night I'll be in town next week (yayyy!!!) and I'll let you know if it's still as mouth-watering as I remember it! All this talk is making me hungry." "I am sad to report that Mad Mex will no longer be making my very favorite dish: the three cheese three pepper enchilada. Or  and I've tried many places across PA.  Great happy hour specials every weekday from 5-7.  Even their wonkier menu items (the gobblerito comes to mind) are outstanding."  onions and a tortilla. The steak was tender and tasty with the ripe avocado. I had it with Ranch dressing. This combination was a light but filling dinner."  the less disappointed you will be.  If you're a fan of authentic Mexican food  I've been here a million times and I know I will be here a million more."  and service that was non-existant. The last time I went (Nov -09) everything was just peachy  but you don't have a ton of options in Pittsburgh and this place will have to do. The staff and bartenders are always nice. I've always had a great time during happy hours here and keep going back!" The bar gets crowded and closes at midnight.  It's too bad they don't stay open later because it could be a great suburban hangout when you don't want to mess with traffic." For dinner I had the carnitas enchiladas (i think). It didn't taste bad but I definitely had better Mexican elsewhere even elsewhere in Pittsburgh."  including many IPAs which are rotated monthly. You can watch the bartenders squeezing fresh fruits and melons for their huge line ups of margaritas flavors. This little Pittsburgh gem of a restaurant is now opening locations in other cities like Columbus and Philly. There are many locations in the Burgh."  but I was mildly annoyed by a new server who seemed to abandon me after finding out I wished to stay and work after purchasing my meal and buying several craft brews.  This is not the normal treatment at this establishment for the guy at table #28 with the laptop.  In any case hhNlQWaKqGbMPoeZHoL-IQ Love their spicy black bean dip and their black bean and pineapple quesadilla... mmmm can't get enough of their black bean.  because my vegan friends have such a difficult time with restaurant food. The margaritas do not taste strong  this place caps off a string of good multicultural restaurants.  It's the most fun of them all." While visiting PA some friends took me here for some authentic Mexican food and it was great!  The guacamole dip is yum and the burritos are HUGE!  The chips are a bit small and broken which makes it horrible for dipping.  On Fridays they serve what they call Big AZZ margaritas that are pretty good and compliment the meal.   Everything was great and I will return! Needless to say we elected not to have dinner and departed after drinks and chips.  There is much better Mexican food and drink in the 'burgh." You have no idea how badly I WANT to like this place. They are incredibly vegetarian vegan-friendly. I just haven't been impressed by anything I've ordered there. Even the chips and salsa aren't terribly good. I do like the bar-- they have great sangria-- but that's about it.  very diverse choices.  Waitress had 5 star teeth."  gauc.  Until next time...practice safe Mex everyone!"  both with plenty of seats. There is all kinds of unique south western inspired art all over the place and it makes for a lovely atmosphere."  go to El Campo in Monaca or El Paso Mexican Grill in Chippewa. Both restaurants are excellent examples of good Tex-Mex  but the food sometimes seemed expensive for the quality.  Last Saturday night the wife and I went to the Greentree location black bean dip the best anywhere (spicy!!!)" I give this place 3 stars because I feel it is mediocre and standard. Plus I always walk away paying more than I want  but maybe hitting up the Shadyside location instead." The fajitas were really good!!  They tasted a little different from most places.  Service at the bar was very slow and they weren't very busy. Love Mad Mex.Cool place to hang out. Great food.  I cannot tell you how to time this occurrence.  I ordered it one day and the bartender told me that I had timed it perfectly.  He was right.  It was probably the best burrito I've ever had at a Mad Mex." Always great service at the bar from Tanya and Nikki. Great food and wide selection of draft beers. One of my favorite spots. "I went to mad mex for dinner on a Friday night. It was very noisy and I do not recommend for kids. The chicken fajita was over cooked  you get a birthday card for a free burrito.  That's better than any of that cheesy crap.  Although a casual dining chain restaurant typically isn't worthy birthday dinner fare The only thing I don't like recommend:  do not get that pineapple salsa.  It is sooo freaking spicy!  You won't be happy!"   and they have a good selection of tequila!" Southwest chicken wings -cilantro- too good !  it got camouflaged by the food they got later though! )" My only complaint is that we went just after 5 and it was so dark in the restaurant I could hardly see the menu." This place is okay. The waiter was horrible and barely checked on us. The food was also not too good. It was very bland and didn't have a lot of taste to it. I will not be coming back.  which was just stuffed with fillers such as rice and beans..no thanks.  There was nothing memorable about the taste of it whatsoever.  Who seriously wants a huge burrito like that?  I'd rather have a normal sized one that actually tastes good and isn't filled with crap.  We got the steak fajitas  I like the ambiance and bar. Not a bad place to hangout." Food tastes great. I loved it!  and their steak quesadillas are amazing! They are a little on the expensive side for take out Wait staff is very good at this location.  Parking sucks (bad)."  I have to say that I have never had anything but the grilled fish tacos.  They are so good that I never felt the need to get anything  else when I order.  Why mess up a good thing.  This specific location is very nice and out of the way but I have to say that the fish tacos at the location in Monroeville "This location has such a different feel than the others around Pittsburgh. Perhaps it's the well-lit bar Coming here I wouldn't get anything else other than the burritos it fajitas. Really disappointed in the quesadilla I had here. Guacamole is pretty bland but the salsa has a nice spicy kick. Neat place to hang out if in the mood for Mexican like food and atmosphere." I'll keep returning anytime I'm in the mood for good Mexican food."  were all welded together that I had to peel each one off the other.  It just seems that the times I've gone to the Greentree location the food isn't as well prepared as the Robinson and North Hills locations."  I just keep thinking I had to be wrong about that.  But after waking up in the middle of the night with all sorts of unpleasant stomach issues While I have been to other locations hhNlQWaKqGbMPoeZHoL-IQ  the draft beer list is always great with a broad range of styles. Youre sure to find a beer youre in the mood for.. And happy hour is hard to beat with half off drafts and wings from 4:30-6:30pm on weekdays. The burritos seem to be a hit Tonight I used my birthday free entre and got steak and shrimp in my burrito. The second half will be lunch tomorrow!" Service was okay. Our waitress took awhile to get to our table but our food came out fast. I'd like to come back tho this location again to see how the normal menu items are."  love their tofu tacos...but this was just eh this time...it was as though the thick pieces fell apart and they were small and too crunchy and maybe just old...bleh. I couldn't even finish them  however predictable and non-authentic it may be.  The portion sizes are mammoth and I come away with a satisfied sense of regret.  Their beer menu is happily extensive.  Charging me $9 for chips and salsa is a bit of crime It really disappointed me to have my dad treated like this on our family meal together on my final day in town. Please train your staff better and treat customers with any level of appreciation or helpfulness."  my only complaint is their need to play loud background noise to ""set the mood"" for the place - I'd never want to bring a large group here because of the soundtrack they've got going. One or two people talking to each other over that noise is enough for me. But hey I'm giving the 3 stars because of my love for Mad Mex and the big azz margaritas but the Greentree location really needs to step it up." Service is always great at Mad Mex South Hills.  My previous review was the only such occurrence there.  Stop by during Happy Hour (or anytime) to enjoy a great selection of Microbrews and Tex Mex goodies!  but when you can hardly read the menu it's a problem. Every time I go there I end up in a bad mood. Such a simple thing to fix "This place is great and veggie friendly.  The tofu appetizer is incredible and the wait staff are all super friendly  brought out a completely different dish. Last time I was there the waitress was very nice and accommodating  but as a server you should be able to multitask. My boyfriend kept apologizing that he suggested going here because it was such a disappointment. I would maybe try a different mad mex location  they always have a great music playlist going." You can read more about my love affair with Mad Mex on my blog: http:  kaylablogs.com 2015 07 mad-mex "  but the service is very slow for being such a compact place.  My last two visits I ventured to the bar twice to get a beer after waiting extended periods at our table. My wife and I both ordered a beer and they took 16 minutes to arrive! :(" I was really hoping that this place would have good food. I was disappointed to some extent. Latin food is my favorite. I'm always trying to checkout new Latin restaurants in the hopes of finding really good food. I ordered 2 ground beef tacos with black beans and rice. The tacos were decent but the rice and beans were horrible. Both were very dry and lacked flavor. If you come here dont order the black beans and rice. Awesome beer selection!!!!! This is my second visit and both trips have been great. Excellent salsa and my favorite dish is the black bean quesadilla with pineapples in it. Service has always been good as well. Did I mention the beer selection?  :) We left and won't be back."  no salt. Bartender came back quickly with what looked like watered down lemonade. WORST MARGARITA I HAVE EVER BEEN SERVED!!!! What the heck? It came out of a can?!?! And this is supposed to be a good Mexican restaurant? Anyway....ordered seasonal chicken tacos. Described as being served with butternut squash I absolutely love the atmosphere. Their margaritas are really good. The mango is the best.  Even the original is worth trying.  Get the XX Cheese (queso). The ambience is fun. It's hidden in the back of a plaza so you have to look for it Service was mediocre but the food was poor. Burnt chicken in the burrito. My friends burrito which was supposed to be primarily vegetables was about 100% rice. There was no mole sauce as described in the dish. The frozen margaritas were horrible although the regular margaritas where decent but nothing to write home about. There was a charge for chips and salsa for sitting across from the bar but nothing at the bar. This was explained to us before we ordered. The more I think about it the more I can understand that policy. It's bizarre that you can't sit at a table in the bar and order the same food as at the bar and be charged the same price. This restaurant has really gone downhill over the last few years. And I'll never go there again. That was one of the Worst burritos I have ever  I kept cutting trying to find the protein...it was about 93% rice inside. Just plain bland rice. Finally made my way to some shrimp and then steak. Still no cheese. Once I got to the opposite end of the burrito there was the partially melted hunk of cheese and a little more meat. A more even distribution would have been better for sure. I mixed the salsa they give you on the side with everything and it spruced it up a lot. That salsa should just automatically come inside of it for the added flavor  waitress got my order wrong. Not worth the trip." Keep making those delicious margs and I will keep coming back!" (Didn't take any pictures because I was too hungry waiting)"  efficient service with good and accurate food preparation. You either like their unique spin on food or not. Myself  the foods comes out quick and they are not skimpy on the taco fillings and plus they serve some menu items from Pizza Hut  I'm on a mission and don't have 15 minutes to waste on a slow drive thru and incompetent employees who can't mix an icee  but totally what I expected.  This location seems clean to the eye and so far I haven't got sick eating here so I recommend this location if you happen to be in the area."  that's my complete order"" because I was busy checking in on Yelp and not paying attention. I'm sure that she was halfway to calling the cops and reporting a DUI as I drove off with my ""fourth meal."""  I'm  thinking outside the box and making a run for the border!" "You can definitely tell management has been  making efforts to improve this franchise. The staff are mostly friendly and prompt. The tacos are filled to the edge with ingredients "we've been here several times and never had a problem. the drive thru gals are always friendly "Always fast clean yummy and the manager dude is on point as far as high customer service. They messed my taco up. He smiled Seriously I waited in the drive thru for like 10 minutes. Finally I actually called the store and asked if there was a problem. The manager was like no why? So I explained that we had all been sitting there for forever and I was trapped in the drive thru and couldn't get out and could he please start taking orders. His response was oh sorry I accidentally turned my headset off go ahead with your order. (I was 3 cars away).  Anyways I got my usual cantina bowl and it was okay... not great even by Taco Bell standards. Good call by the person who left the tip to swap a Doritos taco into a gordita. Delicious."  I do really have zero complaints on the food. After all it is Taco Bell." Wow the guy at the counter is a boss!!! Really nice and the food was perfect and that's saying alot cause I'm a picky eater and order weird stuff. Restaurant was clean and we'll manged touche taco bell!!!  fresh food and friendly service. Would highly suggest this location to anyone. They always do service with a smile and thank you for coming by by making eye contact with you." The service was great! The food is ver delicious and very accessible since it was near the mall! Everybody should try Taco Bell especially the chicken cheese and rice burritos.  the cashier was awesome. but it was weird having to wait 16 mins total for two supreme tacos and two soft. excuse given was understaffed but when you are not busy it doesn't fly."  this is among the best. I go at least once a week from Blakeney (a healthy drive but it's the closest location)."  which came with mashed potatoes and broccoli. The Chicken and mashed potatoes were all yummy and perfect  bit it was after the dinner rush.  Server forgot to ask of I wanted a glass of water.  The salads are good.  Try the Caribbean salad.  First time for me and will definitely order it again. As I was eating "Arrived and waited for 10 minutes before I grabbed a menu and asked an employee if the guests were supposed to seat themselves.. He responded ""You can"" and walked by with out furthering assisting me."  sat at the bar and the bartender was never behind the bar the entire time we had lunch. Never refilled out tea and had to ask for a beer. Then had to flag someone for our check. Restaurant had a horrible cleaned my smell as well. Choose someplace different Worst service I have ever had two visits in a row. Service has always been around a 2 3 out if 5...the last two times I went I'd give then a 1 and only because our food actually came out. Our waiter was awful. Had to track down another server twice for drink refills and our check. Rude employees. Will not be back to that location!  so you know I was loving that! :)" Surprisingly great service at a Taco Bell. Counter person spent over 5 minutes helping us with the ordering process and was very helpful. Keep up the great work!!! Everytime we attempt to come here they are closed. Today we arrived at 10:34 pm and all the light's were off including sign light's.  Nobody responded at the monitor too. Last time I checked closing time is 11pm. I work in retail and God forbid we close even 1 minute early.  and FULL tacos. I'm coming here every time I'm by here!"  its a good deal....depending on what you get its either $6 It was an overall bad experience here.  The tables were sticky.  The glasses were dirty. The service was slow and the food was tasteless.  I would probably not return here.  I am a frequent Chilis eater. There food is delicious and the restaurant has a great family environment. If it wasnt for the bad service If I wanted to I could buy this place."  but the service was lacking.  Placed our order for express lunch promptly along with order for water to drink.  Had to ask another server after 10 minutes if we could get our water and chips and salsa. She brought them to us.  After another 10 minutes our lunch arrived I wondered if our waiter thought our drinks had magically appeared.  Unfortunately this set the pace for the remainder of lunch  we left. I should've known to leave when the person sitting beside of us complained that his food had taken so long.  Terrible!!!" "Robert is our waiter. He made some really good table side guacamole for us. We had no wait to get a table and we're seated immediately. I ordered a lemonade and a mushroom swiss burger. My wife ordered sweet tea and chicken crispers. The guacamole was very filling. Now to see what the burger tastes like. It's average "Our server Jimmy was AMAZING! I've never had such great service at this Chili's or any other Chili's before. He was attentive Very clean chills. One of the best I've been at in the USA. They are very nice people and they are very curious if you have any issues. Thumbs up for a great staff and a great place "Nice service and relaxing atmosphere. Food and drinks are very good  if not unprofessional looking. The manager was also extremely unprofessional looking. The restaurant was not clean Just spent $27 for two people at lunch. Ordered the Sante Fe salad.  Cost was $10.29.  Looked nothing like the picture.  Chili dusted chicken breast on top of pale green salad and dotted with pink tomato chunks and fewer pieces of avocado.  The salad was tossed in a milky bland ranch dressing.   Bluck. Won't be doing lunch here again. "My wife and I went to this Chili's again for what we had hoped to be a nice supper. The area we were seated in was filthy. The floor hadn't been swept and many of the tables hadn't been bussed. A nice young lady got our drinks for us but it took our server Davante another 10 minutes to show up at our table and take our orders. My wife's salad arrived first. She said it was okay. Our entrees arrived about 15 minutes after the salad. She had smoked wings with ranch dressing I am so disappointed. I usually love Chili's but today wasn't their best by far!" ** They are not apart of the Chili's Rewards program until AUGUST  20 The 2 for $20 special wasn't a bad deal. The guacamole was just average but the chips were fresh and crisp. I enjoyed my chicken bacon ranch quesadilla. My wife said the mango chicken was just average. A little slow on our service but not terrible. A 3 1 2 star meal. Good bar specials. Chicken egg rolls are good with the avocado sauce. Buffalo wings are ok but on the smaller side. Sauce is a little too buttery for me. Chips and salsa are always good to share!  egg rolls and boneless wings. I always ask for no bacon on my burgers and every time I get bacon on it doesn't matter where I go even when I repeat no bacon. I never understand. This time I got it and didn't see the bacon I was like wow they got it right. I tasted bacon and spit it all up. I was so upset. I got her attention and she was so visibly upset. She was so apologetic. She went to the kitchen and yelled at the cook when he told her she didn't specify that on the ticket. She said she def did. So she told the manager and they not only cooked me new burgers but they comp'd my entire meal. How sweet. I was in shock they have never done that. Dylan was the manager and he came out to apologize and check on me. The bartender I can't believe I forgot her name(Short pretty petite girl with dark hair) to the host were so nice. Hands down best chilis I been to. Thanks. I will most def be back when I'm in the area."  if she was a good one. We had 3 different people wait on us... I think that is ridiculous seeing how they are never busy when we go there. After today I don't think we will be going back...  Also the place needs a DEEP cleaning!!! Dust is 2 inches thick on the blinds..."   a hostess told me thanks for coming." K6xsXWh-tvezc6T2zJkKNw  but still...  I can't help but keep thinking...  if the chips and salsa is bad...  what else is bad?" I had a beer and called it a day. There's not really anything memorable about this place to me SgjcjIxsAlVkcrtLaLxtTg "I had a enjoyable dinner ... Friendly staff Staff was friendly and efficient Nick our server was very kind to us! Great service! Fun funny guy! Engaged my entire family! The girls that brought our food out was awesome as well!  looked out of date. Need some TLC and would be bump into the 5 star."  and I love the pay at your table feature. Most places you can never get your servers attention when ready to go The new tablet on your table system is pretty cool. You can order a round of drinks right from your table without having to wait for your server to come back. They have tons of free games to play with your friends or keep the kiddos entertained. AND  you can pay your bill right at the table. You can even split it however many ways you want to right at the table. It's pretty awesome."  I do find Chili's to have good food for great price. $25 to feed 4 people is a good deal!" Just ate at Chili's and had a great experience. Was seated immediately and promptly and professionally served by Danielle. She recommended the lunch combo. I had a fresh house salad and delicious turkey club. The fries were old and stale tasting though. Good place for lunch The service is always so when I go . I think the servers need to focus more on their guest during lunch hours versus going to the back kitchen Really really delicious food burger was cooked medium rare first time I've had a burger directly cooked in a very long time drinks were good service is very nice very friendly Keep up the good work guys!! I always tell the manager how well everything always is. I think the compliments keep up the outstanding service." Horrible horrible experience... The managers don't care the server don't care . I got and appatiz and sides and they just charged me left and right for it. Like at the bottom it says it you get a side by it self it $1.99 and then they charged me extra $1 for substitution but I didn't substitute anything . they wouldn't budje for it I will not be back  2 Presidential martinis and than finished it off with the white chocolate molten cake. Waited so long our hunger was just striding away my g f took her ribs Togo and I ate most of my bacon burger but just felt exhausted from all the waiting we had to do. Server was very friendly tho once she got to our table. When it comes to the food it was edible but Chilli's is Chilli's I mean who hasn't been to Chilli's!!!!" Good food and service but the restaurant was very dirty. There were dirty plates and cups everywhere. The bathroom was disgusting and the whole place just felt like it needed a deep clean. They need some more busboys and that bathroom should be cleaned regularly. Very gross.  soggy and fell off when I tried to eat. Our waiter was really nice but for 10 dollars the plate of food I got was ridiculous and the only thing I ended up eating was corn on the cob and some fries. Don't get the chicken crispers (my friend had a really good salad though)"   we normally check and give the benefit of doubt if it is at least an A but if it's that low then the people working making your food don't really care enough to ensure your well being.  McDonald's has a better sanitation grade...  Now that's saying something!" Best chilis I've ever been too the service is great loved my waitress Ashleigh she's the bomb .com I've debated on if I should post this review. But from looking at other recent reviews things haven't gotten any better. Shame on upper management."  and our entire experience there consumed over 100 minutes.  Suggest going elsewhere unless you have plenty of time to waste.  Half rack of ribs special was pretty good The drive-thru at this location can get pretty long due to it's location near I-85 and the university  you know what to do - RUN FOR THE BORDER!"  it's mass processed and it tastes the same no matter which taco bell you go to." I have been to this Taco Bell couple of times with my family. The staff is very friendly. Lot of veg verity is available for vegetarians. "I've never been to a taco bell anywhere else in nc or the country that hasn't either grossed me out or made me sick after. Other than this one. Its right acrossed the street from my work so I visit often enough to make a review. The food is actualy freshand the staff is unbeliveable. So friendly and are willing to make any type of problem right. If i've had to wait more than 10 minutes for food  the location is right next to a new authentic Mexican restaurant  she said ""I thought you are fooling around"". I am not sure how appropriate is to talk to a customer like this. I had a really bad experience with this TACO BELL... maybe if we were Americans Quick cheap food a great eating place if your vegan or vegetarian! Customer service is great and their open super late up to 4am on most days. Henry...please do your very best to escape from azkaban tonight." Visited for lunch today. The person taking orders at the window was very pleasant. Other than not receiving any napkins or a fork my food was great AVOID! Terrible wait times at night. Staff appears confused regularly. I gave this location multiple chances. Closes before posted times. Avoid!!!!  because you know exactly what you are going to get.  This location is open early for breakfast which is nice.  It's a standard Taco Bell with friendly staff.  I have only used the drive through at this location.  Standard Taco Bell Taco Bell is probably my favorite restaurant but this one needs to get it together. Their staff is friendly and they actually make the food quite well . where they are lacking is in their stocking of sauces and ancillary items and sodas and cleanliness and smell of the soda fountain area.  If you stand near the soda fountain area it will smell like sewage. This restaurant usually messes up my orders but they did a great job today. They were a little slow but they made sure my food was correct.  rude and confused employees. the burritos are always half the size of what they are at any other locations they have handed me a 3 4th full cup on several occasions. just so many problems with this location" I regularly run the train on the coin game at the counter. If free cinatwists and tacos were currency This guy knows how to make your burrito Most of the staff is latino. You can't eat inside and it got pretty busy just after noontime. You can sit outside in the hallway they have 3 tables and there are some more down the hallway in front of another eatery."  tasty burritos with super friendly service and a great soda selection. The grilled veggies are spot-on. Johnny is always around to make sure you are having a great experience." BTW have a brain when you write a review on here." I stopped in randomly for lunch the other day and it was great. there was a longer line but thought it must be worth it.  the line moved pretty fast due to the guy behind the register.  he moved the line along with speed and not at the expense of the customer.  funny guy.  the burrito was perfect and delicious.  I will visit Johnny Burrito often when i buy lunch in town. Oh...Guacamole is included for free." You can finish your meal in the heat air conditioning of the atrium for some extra people watching or on a nice day sit outside in the court yard in the sun or shade.  You can't beat that with a yummy burrito stuffed just the way you like it.  At the very least They also have a great selection of old school sodas and a sun drop slushie."  the steak had a hint of flavor even though they were generous with it...I didn't put sour cream cheese on there Thumbs up Johnny B's!" You can take it upstairs to the seating either in the Atrium or outside by the fountains as there is no seating at the actual shop Order your meat or veggie The line looks so long but as others have said it's fast moving! It's another great place when you want to change it up with your lunch options!" "Good burritos and fast service. Recent visits have brought forth burritos lacking the oomph of burritos past. The firecracker chicken poppin but not crackin  or back at the office.  In and out in only a few minutes with a $7 regular that has knockoff chicklets in the bag to take care of post lunch breath.  Oh  I love this place and have it on a 1-2 times a month rotation.  I like supporting the small business owner  you're supporting a small business owner!" They have a special on Friday's but.. its no good for me because I doubt I'll try it again. (I've been here 3x)"  etc.  They load the burrito up with toppings and they don't charge extra for guac (YES!!).  The hot sauces they have are HOT and I love it!  It sucks this place is uptown or else I would be a regular." iTjwgc3rHS5k3GptqIp2Uw  no. Good workday lunch? Sure."  great job on trying to speak spanish "My favorite lunch spot. Always some great meat selections  etc. are fresh and delicious.  Love this place and everyone who works here!" "Burritos are very good and they don't nickel & dime you on guacamole   queso or any other toppings. Great cherry lime sundrop slushies. Lines are long at lunch but move very fast. Owner takes care of the staff  and style.  How many restaurants can move a line of 30 in 10 minutes?  I also like the fact that ""You're the boss for the next 8 feet"".  This place is amazing.  More or less I would likely visit again as it's convenient downtown  but sloppy to eat. It was a while back & it didn't stick out to me enough to remember more than that..."  fresh and delicious food -- A truly local and consistently excellent establishment!"  gives great suggestions for mixing and matching proteins or sauces. Place can get packed for lunch." "A little expensive but first class customer service and fresh veggies and food all the way around.  Very personalized and very fast.  This is hands down the best burrito place in Charlotte and I am a burrito aficionado.  Sorry Best burrito in Charlotte.  Easily outclasses qdoba or chiptole.  Haberno salsa is perfect blend of heat & flavor.  Chic-let gum with every order.  Favorite lunch spot uptown Charlotte. Awesome experience can't wait to go back !!!" Hands down the best burrito in Charlotte. Fresh ingredients and friendly service make Johnny a must visit for burrito lovers. My go to is a big spicy chicken loaded with all the fresh fixings. Get there before noon to avoid a LONG line. When they have tamales they are worth a try as well. Not the best I've ever had but there aren't many places to get tamales in Charlotte much less uptown Charlotte." Time it just right at 11... and you are good to go... other wise you might as well wait until 1 or 2 to get your Johnny Burrito fix."  so delicious.  Same price regardless of what toppings you get.  It is ver filling as well.  Get there early or you will most likely stand in a line that is out the door.  Also  but it moves very quickly. My favorite are the tamales on Tuesdays and Fridays. Johnny and his staff are super-friendly. You can tell he treats them right because many of them have been there for years This place is overrated. The food is no better then the other burrito places in uptown. I guess the private ownership and legacy reputation leads people to give it more credit than it deserves. You also get lip from the owner if you want to pay credit. Best burritos ever!  Love this place! Bring CASH Johnny likes that" "Hidden below the Wells Fargo building but I love this place.  I always get the chicken burrito bowl.  You pay upfront and then add all the toppings you want.  You don't have to pay extra for guac so I love that. They will also put chips at the bottom for you.  It goes 1. Johnny Burrito. 2. Chipotle. 3. Qdoba. 4. If I must Highly highly recommended!"  and very fast once you get through the line. And there is usually a line during the week. Really good stuff"  and I bet would make even a veggie burrito really good- although I've never ordered one. I also prefer the melted queso over the shredded  ""Burrito Monday"" in our office." "Worth waiting in the line (which does move quickly). You go along the line & tell the preparer what you want in your burrito. Excellent every time. No seating  friendly place to get great food. Try the Sundrop icee! Don't miss it!" P.S. If you are an Indian and you find the burritos in other places kinda bland  my favorite lunch spot when visiting Charlotte" I can occasionally tolerate the pressure for not using ""casheesh."" But to me By far my favorite burrito place in Charlotte. Don't let the long line deceive you - it moves fast and is totally worth the wait!" Just tried this place for the first time today since we just moved offices downtown and I was blown away! Incredible burrito and extremely friendly staff. I've never been to a burrito spot that can make it as specifically spicy as I like it and they nailed it. Nothing bland about the food here.. create whatever you want and as spicy as you like. Great experience and will most definitely be back.  so trying to make it to uptown on a weekday when you don't work in uptown can be a struggle!"  my coworker told me a story about how he came back to Charlotte after 9 years of not living here and found the same people working here with the same great taste. I found that pretty insane. When ordering Btw I was also surprised pleasantly to see that they stock Thumbs up and Limca :-)" Make sure you bring your casheesh :) The tamales are amazing really good burritos. Even if the line is long it will move very fast.  when paying with a credit card....ill pass the next time. I'll take my $ and my appetite somewhere else."  very similar to Moe's (or) Salsarita's but we can get many varieties of hot sauces that you can choose in a small container.  However  salsa and beans. Awesome! Lucky to have found this gem on my visit to Charlotte." https:  www.yelp.com user_details?userid=MoVAiPgONz2vSae4ffzCOA"  they've forgotten something or put in the wrong item.  I stopped using their drive through." "Probably the cleanest TB I've ever visited.  It looked like pretty capable staffing with actual adults running the place.  I was actually a little confused when I didn't have an obvious stoner giving me the lazy stare over the counter.  It's a slightly hard to notice corner location  this one is horrible.  Sounds weird...right?" "This is the most amazingly slow drive through ever!!! Just 4 cars ahead of me and it took 1 2 hour!!! Never  would not recommend the taco bell."  then my order was wrong & when I was handed my drink the lid was not on properly & spilled all over me. Instead of offering napkins the girl just shut the window & turned around. Horrible service." P.S. Statistics prove that the most likely place to get a drunk driving arrest (in this area anyway) is within a 100 yards of a Taco Bell around 2 am...cops know where party people go after the bars close....don't believe me? Google it." This is the worst Taco Bell I've ever been to. They're normally very slow so fast food for them is an oxymoron. Tonight we placed an order got home and half the order was wrong. Worst Taco Bell EVER! A dubious distinction! But well earned!"  but this one NEVER gets my order right. They stopped putting receipts in the bag so you can't call them out on their mistakes. There is always something missing from the drive thru order. My meal came without meat too? And the service is always painfully slow. Drive the extra few miles into Madison for Taco Bell. Forget the sun prairie one." Great service! Great team! Always friendly and they go the extra mile to make you smile and feel welcomed. Crazy from a fast food place! the servers are kinda rude and uninformed though." The cobb salad was not bad. The avocado dressing that came with it was delicious. And $7 for that? Oh yeah." Good food. Great service.  Ask for Waitress Aimee ~ she was friendly and professional. This incident killed my night and the weekend with my wife constantly checking the bank account. This incident is all that my has been talking about to her friends all weekend long The only downside was the waiter.  He messed up the drink order by bringing a Corona instead of the Blue Moon and included the up sell beans and rice It's a national chain so you pretty much get what you'd expect. I have never had problems with the service and the food is always good. "Had the Santa Fe salad.  Man After a long day of flying I decided to get Chilis To Go. HUGE MISTAKE. It started with them not being able to find my order because they had my name wrong & it went downhill from there. When I got home I found my soup was not in the bag. I opened the box for my entree & the pictures listed was what I found. Never again. Very expensive & the food is terrible.  personable....  I don't think she will be there long.. She will be on to greater things :)"  service & food have always been what you should expect from this chain. Pretty good happy hour specials as well! Cheers!" It's on par if not better than some of the nearby chains. Sometimes not sure of the identity they're going for.  Most things are American but the theme revolves around south west food. I like that they have non typical sides. No complaints. Came in with 3 adults and 4 children. They have kids eat free on Tuesdays which is why we came. I ordered a 6oz sirloin with broccoli. Although it wasn't incredibly filling it tastes good. Prices are reasonable and made affordable for a family with a lot of kids to enjoy a meal out. Love the potatoe soup and chips salsa."  we never received an apology from the manager nor a discount to our bill. We will not return to this Chili's location." Alex the server to go person was AWESOME!  Very nice and took our order with ease. Food was great especially the Southwestern egg rolls!  :-) Food is good. Service is fast and servers are attentive and friendly. Have been going there for years with no complaints. They have many healthy choices to choose from. Today we had the fajitas trio which we split and it was excellent!  The prices are reasonable. Asked for refund heard no response" The server was nice but it was a disappointing meal."  they were tasty. Also ordered the molten chocolate cake dessert to share with my daughter. Whoooo... yummy. Cake part slightly dry We like it because we know what we're going to get. We always get a booth for two in the bar since it is less likely families will seek it out & we feel the servers work harder for you because often customers don't consider eating in the bar when they arrive. Another pro tip -- lunch menu available anytime making it possible for the two of us to get in & out for under $20. Like anywhere we've had our service hiccups over the years but when we're hungry this is always a reliable fall back. Always fresh!  Service is great!  Have never been disappointed!  Reasonably priced and a good variety.  reliable service.  And that tasty Taco Bell quality I've come to enjoy when I'm good and hammered or just not in the mood to cook or drive very far."  and very fast. Great service. The location rocks too right between 30 and Milwaukee. No complaints and this one is much less sketchy than the one on Park."  prepare to be overwhelmed by how much they've run out of. It's a little disheartening due to the proximity of our drill location I do have to say that the food generally looks neater than other TBs The previous issues we had where almost 98% of the time coming here...something would be wrong with our orders. YIKES people." "This place has gone downhill. The staff is slow and the orders are rarely correct. They post hours til 4 am on weekends but are rarely open past 3. They say they open at 7 but I had to wait 15 minutes for them to turn the computers on. Just go further down east wash if you need a crappy taco fix. But if you get Tamara in the drive thru at night  I went there tonight because I had to work late and wanted to reward myself...but I was rewarded with two burritos that were wrapped like a child did it Sunday afternoon Taco Bell craving...20 minutes later still waiting in the drive thru line. Come on....  and polite as I can be but this situation is one I cannot just overlook (again). On two separate occasions we have ordered a chicken quesadilla and after getting no more than half way through eating it discover a VERY LONG hair in the middle. TWICE! There is next to NOTHING more disgusting and unsanitary than having to pull a long unidentified hair out of your mouth that was unknowingly consumed with your dinner! It's so sickening I could puke Went there the other day at 7:45am for breakfast and they said they wouldn't be able to serve me for 10 minutes. I assume somebody got there late. ...thought they were open for breakfast earlier than 8? If it wasn't for the food quality still being horribly good and delicious Worst Taco Bell in the area. How hard is it to do a fast food order correct when it's all on the screen for you? Honestly so annoying. They mess up our order almost every time. "My partner and I stopped here around 3:00 pm after a long day of working outside.  The woman working at that time was extremely nice and helped us save money by recommending different options.   I tried the quesadilla - it was very good.  My partner had several tacos.  My partner got horrible gas after the visit here.  I would probably go back  and it's off to Taco Bell.  Love those things "I went to this location tonight and ordered food. The guy who took my order got the order wrong. I told the shift manager  and they made it a point to use each customer's name and to (sincerely) thank them for coming in.  The place was clean and well-stocked.  I was in over lunch and they were very busy "A couple nights ago I had to wait in line for half an hour to order and get my food...that is NOT an exaggeration! When I reached the window to get my food "Zero stars. This time it only took us 20 minutes to get our food at the drive-thru instead of 30 minutes!!! If they don't speed things up  many a night we've come home with our order only to find it was full of lettuce and had to sit there for 10 minutes picking it out. If they don't get their act together This is one of the nicer Taco Bells that I've ever been to.  It's dimly lit and doesn't have the dirty/gross feel that I associate with most Taco Bells.  They also make a nice triple steak burrito. I am only giving two stars because of the drive through.  It is notoriously slow.  It took me twenty minutes to get through the line today with only 3 cars in front of me.  And there is no way to get out of line either.  This happens EVERY time I use the drive through. Wh6FdYZJz9b3x4rf6RJK_A I elected not to order any food and left to go eat somewhere else." The fried wonton ""tortilla"" chips and salsa were an excellent starter." I will return on any visit to Phoenix!!"  and especially the carnitas plate are all highly recommended. The Orange Beso margarita is so delicious and so big we always split one. The seafood pasta was acceptable We were out the door by 10:40pm."  and don't forget the white chocolate/pecan ""tamale"" they give you gratis.  It tasted just like a Jordan almond if you ask me "Margaritas were tasty but a little light on the booze.  Complementary chips and salsa were better than average.  Even though we didn't get any food the waiter still brought us a white chocolate with pecan mini tamale for desert at no charge.  Nice touch  as sometimes inside it can be terrible. The patio is also great in the evening when the place is lit up with christmas lights and you get the view of the beautiful water features and scuptures. Keep in mind the Arizona Center I would highly recommend this place." The final kicker of our bad happy hour experience was when we asked the bartender for a check and he tried to pressure us to order more even though we said several times that we were finished. I believe the exact line was Zero stars for the heat. My god  which was poured @ the table.  (The server left the remainder in the shaker for me to imbibe).  And my taco plate was around $10 too."  but it has a decent view of the Arizona Center's plaza." "I really enjoyed this place. I had some great grilled tuna with rice and veggies. It was cooked perfectly and the seasonings didn't overwhelm the tuna. Everyone else at the table got more traditional mexican dishes...tacos  ever eat here again. Did I mention they didn't give us silverware? We had to go steal it off another table."  the cherry on the frosting for me was the white chocolate pecan dessert thing they give you at the end. It's their version of the chocolate mints that they give you with the bill. Come here to eat The fish was amazing! Make sure you get extra salsa! The quesadilla was weird - not something we would get again."  yet a wall blocked the noise so you could hear our meeting conversation. A glass wall to the beautiful Arizona Center gardens kept you from feeling too closed in. The server did a good job of keeping everyone's drinks filled and timing our orders. She filled bowls of chips and salsa with a mix of blue and yellow corn and flour tortilla chips. The salsa was pretty good.We had the Salmon and a Sweet Potato Puree served with Spinach Salad. It was a wondeful tasty lunch. The chicken sandwich and an enchilada plate seemed popular as well. I think we will keep this our regular spot for our monthly meetings for the foreseeable future. So  nothing special. My favorite thing about this restaurant was the basket of chips they put on your table. They had everything from regular tortilla Decent spot. I'd come again for chips and margaritas."  yummy breadsticks with special butters and complimentary white chocolate for dessert. Now it's just average  they are definitely hard to stop eating and you will spoil your appetitie.  The fried shrimp tacos were fabulous.  I would have definitely ventured back if it wasn't for the lady bartender's bad attitude and poor customer service.  The manager  Angel was nice enough to give my co-workers and I gift cards for our next purchase there.  Not sure I would go back though."  but you can't really go wrong with anything there.  Happy Hour is also great - several good food and drink specials.  My favorite drinking place at the AZ Center by far!"  and excellent service. I recommend asking to be waited on by Johnny."  not great either. I personally prefer the Greek place next door :)" i would recommend if you're in the az shopping centre but i wouldn't go out of my way to eat there."  if you want to just sit down and get some Mexican and a few coronas without having to go back to the hotel and shower and get dressed up "Had a nice dinner outside on the patio - it was really pretty. The margaritas were pretty good. The salsa and chips were also pretty tasty - it was nice to have some variety- these were no simple white corn chips; there were blue corn and even sweet potato chips mixed in. My fish tacos were awesome The best part was the little mini White-Chocolate/Pecan tamale at the end. It was REALLLLLLY good and wanted about 10 more. Bill was pretty cheap and I really liked the atmosphere of the restaurant. Definitely going back." "I am a fan....of their happy hour! I had heard good things about Sam's and this was my first visit. I arrived just after 6 and sat at the bar. I ordered their Grand Canyon Margarita from their happy hour menu...mmmm sooo good! The mixed chips (sweet potato chips  but I would definitely visit again. Especially for hour happy."  she was really nice and very helpful.  Our meal was excellent starting with their chip bowl that had a variety of chips in it and good salsa.  The meal was also really good.  I got the seafood flautas.  I would've finished it had I not filled myself up on the chip bowl.  They also bring out complimentary white chocolate tamales that tasted really good!  If they do that for all their customers This was a great meal and reminded me not to forget about Sam's when I have to return to the Arizona Center."  but it's the truth and sometimes the truth hurts. I have to say they do have great margaritas and the best part was the complimentary white chocolate  they soothe away the pains of the day.  They have what I have now seen to be a rotating list of Happy Hour food options which are usually not bad and range from $2-$6. I usually fill up on chips and salsa. I have not changed my mind on the seasoning they use on the chips (sweet...spicy...meeh) I find myself picking through the basket to avoid the highly seasoned chips. The salsa is good but the large tomato chunks make it tough to get on a chip Waitress provided great service.  Gave us free guacamole. Outdoor seating is lovely Definitely would return here."  I will say I had given up on going out for dinner so I ate a couple slices of warmed over pizza. We finally went and as I was less than hungry skipped the steak I had been eying. We split a Meatloaf and switched the mashed potatoes out for the mashed sweet potatoes. The two split plates were more than enough food for a regular meal. I can't imagine eating a whole one and I am a hearty eater. We also each ordered a Rico Rita. Yummy and again large portions. The service was good too. I used to go to the Camelback location and the quality and service is the same here. We will be back." If I lived in the area and was able to visit again I could consider becoming a fan of this place.  Definitely check it out.  Another plus - they have a patio too!"  and try more food.  I think next time I'd like to try some tacos . . ." As allays the chips are great." The place hasn't really disappointed me except for this past week when we purchased two pitchers of the Grand Canyon margaritas and there was more juice than there was tequila.  :-  but other than that it's pretty good." I'd like to stop in after work some time for some margaritas."  even though we were the only ones sitting outside.  The complimenatry chips are terrific -- they are a mix of a bunch of different types  & salsa were great. Service excellent.  Also liked the complimentary chocolate tamale dessert."  and a decent one and I've been told they make a mad margarita. The white chocolate tamale adds a sprinkle of joy at the end of every meal. I can't wait for the cooler weather..." If your lookin' for a good "Went on a random trip to downtown Phoenix and decided to eat lunch at this place.  Be careful of the chips & salsa appetizer- they're bound to get you hooked before the actual meal comes out! I got the salmon flautas which had a fruit salsa topping.  It was greasy and not too flavorful  it was a good experience and I'm sure I'll be back next time business brings me to Phoenix."  this place got one star for their margaritas and one star for their chips. I may go back for drinks but will think twice Suggestion: seek out the ""Info-dude"" that walks around the Mall area to show people where to go and ask him for some coupons. We were able to get 20% off our meal coupons from him.  Based on their margaritas and a few other Yelp reviews I'm looking forward to my next visit but will order something different."  but if you were in the neighborhood during happy hour  I wasn't driving and the metro is a short walk.  I could have made a meal of the chips and dip.  They had some sort of special seasoning that I couldn't quite place  spicy salsa & bean dip! Hellava start! A kick-butt margarita! Had Chicken Fajitas!...THE BEST! Cannot wait to return! Great ambiance." e5kc0CQ4R-PCCDgb274gSg Enjoyed a great lunch on the patio overlooking a gorgeous scenery. Chicken enchiladas are a must! Yum! "Went here with a big group for dinner and drinks.  Had what they call the ""best margarita""--you should get that; they are very good & HUGE!  The chips are great (especially the ones that come with sweet potato chips mixed in).  The guac was okay.  And the blackened fish tacos  the presentation of it was really good.  I was a big fan of this place and would go back in a hurry.  One thing to be aware of is the fact that the advertisements for drink specials on the sidewalk are a little misleading I hosted a group lunch for 35 people on the patio at Sam's a week or so ago.  They were so prepared and had our buffet ready to go when our group arrived.  The chips and salsa are amazing...a meal all into themselves.  The chicken enchiladas were so tasty.  The patio is the place to sit at Sam's to overlook the beautiful gardens at the Arizona Center - such a great view!  but solid quality. The table-side fresh guacamole was a knockout!" superbe terrasse au bord du jardin des fontaines.;trs romantique..;bonne cuisine un peu spicy Very nice lunch food. Carnitas are awesome and the white chocolate tamales are a nice finish. "This place was awsome!!  The hotel I stayed at recommended it & I was definitely grateful. Great food  so I can confidently say it is worth a visit." My co-worker had the fish tacos which was a nice large platter with black beans.  The sangria was delicious and you could have a choice of white or red." I will be back to this spot for sure an all around great place for a good meal... Plus the white chocolate tamale after dinner treat will keep you coming back for sure." Really good margaritas but food is not that great. We have brought several friends on the weekend though because the environment can't be beat.  or $5. I had two margaritas and a chicken quesadilla and spent only $10. Can't really complain about that. The bartenders are cute and friendly and they have MLB Network. What more does a girl need?" Food was OK.  I had the enchiladas and they were good. The rice was also great. the chips and salsa were horrible in m opinion. The salsa was slightly sweet and the chips were a mixture of different types of chips. While this was unique.. it wasn't good. On the flip side my food came out in about 5 minutes. My server was good also. Visited Sam's Cafe on the Urban Wine Walk. I recommend the white sangria! "Not as good as I had hoped.  Strange menu:  pasta  and this place was desolate. I mean everywhere else as well. Not sure why  flavorful salsa. The the two large chicken enchiladas with salad on the side was plenty. Service and outside dining was great." Descent. Good place to sit on the patio.  which was sadly underwhelming. The pork wasn't too flavorful. Jon had the corn crusted calamari. I don't have a calamari palate so I can't rank it against anything  and good food.  They really impressed me right off the bat with their chips and salsa.  The chips were assortment that were quite good and far from the ordinary corn tortillas you'd expect at any old Mex/Tex-Mex restaurant.   I had  the tortilla soup and the spinach & mushroom quesadilla which were quite good too.  But "Best TexMex in the valley! The chips and salsa are home made and probably the best I have ever eaten. I had shrimp tacos which were delicious Everything about this place is perfect! The chips & salsa and enchilada's were delicious! I would recommend this place to all my friends!  been coming since 1999 and they've only gotten better over the years  patio has a great atmosphere. reasonable prices for what it is."  the cheese dip reminded me of cheese wiz and after seated I waited over 15 minutes just to give my drink order.  The only good thing was the chips...not going back."  I wish it would have come with beans and rice. Overall it is not a bad place Sam's delights. Try it." Both of us ate more than we should have. The servings were huge and dee-licious! Way too full to even think of ordering dessert. More reason to return!" "Went here per a friends margarita suggestion. I had the Rico Rita which was a pia colada-ish flavored margarita. Very tasty while a little on the light side. For $10 you got about 2 glasses worth as they bring out the shaker  responsive and helped me to overcome my disappointment in the rude hostess encounter and he brought me back to a 4 star rating for the great service and food once we were seated. I would definitely recommend this place and the margarita!" "Great happy hour.  Complimentary and yummy chips and salsa.  Good price on my favorite dish...the black and blue quesadilla.  Plus  and sons loved their pork enchiladas and chicken quesadillas. Limit Two margarita was awesome (Top Shelf Conmemorativo).   Highly recommended - great food P.S. I went in January of 2012 just forgot to finish my review. =]"  I will always have fond memories of this little ""cafe"" called MINUS: Way too salty.  Everything except the salad had far more salt than necessary or even reasonable.  Music was too loud for the few other diners and was some terrible mix that had nothing to do with the Tex/Mex theme that was so carefully planned everywhere throughout the entire restaurant.  And final problem was probably just bad luck The outdoor seating s great...overlooking the courtyard mini waterfalls & fountain."  fresh salsa.  The shrimp tacos were delicious! The nice free dessert (banana burrito) from checking in made it a perfect lunch!" I didn't hear a single complaint about the food and drink from anyone at the table!  The only complaints I could possibly voice are about the atmosphere.  It was very crowded on a Friday after work and so it was pretty loud.  The sun beating through the floor to ceiling window was a little much  if a little overly so. Weak or no A/C on in the restaurant while we ate. In June. Not awesome."  the staff went out of their way to go above and beyond my expectations. They were friendly and prompt and the manager made us feel important as patrons."  fresh and uniquely delicious. Husband had the chicken quesadilla and inhaled it before I could try it but he loved it. I was torn between the Stuffed Chicken and the Spinach and Portobello quesadilla. I had (and loved) the chicken dish my last visit so I went with the spinach and mushroom quesadilla which was wonderfully simple and delicious with a fresh and tasty salad on the side. We didn't have time for dessert but again  so makes it easy for a great dinner and movie night.   Then grab your date's arm and take a stroll through the courtyard The chips and salsa they brought out was amazing.  The bowl had 4 different types and flavors of chips and the salsa had a good taste and spice without being too hot.  For a meal i picked the Meatloaf and it was a ton of food.  2 huge pieces meatloaf that was seared on a grill after it was cooked came out with corn & mashed potatoes and a roasted tomato BBQ sauce.  I ate the whole thing (even though it was more food that i should have eaten) and i didn't feel bad!.  The meeting was a little hard to pay attention to though since the windows faced the pathway and the women from ASU downtown and all of the businesses kept walking by!!!"  but I don't think it was the fault of the restaurant.  A little misunderstanding with the server on ""gluten free"" food And this is all before you consider the chips.  Good gracious The restaurant is located in a nice little plaza area with a cool looking courtyard Good food overall.  The guacamole was excellent!  The group enjoyed their entrees overall.  I had the seared tuna which was very good. Margaritas were potent...which is good .  Desserts were also enjoyable - tres leche cake was moist and tastie.  Atmosphere was ok.  Cost per person was about $40 person with a drink or so.  I asked for parking validation for the garage when we were ready to go. All restaurants at the Arizona Center give validation for parking because why would you pay an additional $5-$10 just to eat at so-so restaurants?  The hostess responded with a simple I planned all week to go back at night for dinner and margaritas but never did make it - boo!"  mostly everything was amazing! His adova rib eye was cooked just right and had succulent flavors to the dry last bite. My adova penne chicken pasta wasn't far behind! Not to mention the chocolate chip and pecan complimentary tamale was totally different than the traditional tamales we're accustomed to yet scrumptious! I would have gave this restaurant  though.  Chips and salsa don't QUITE compare to Aunt Chilada's Over all this was a fabulous place to visit.  The only downside is that our meal was a bit pricy but I am sure that the $25 margarita pitcher didn't help. I would and will definite visit this place again  prickly pear margherita was iced down to the fullest. My stomach hurts. But the staff was nice." Perhaps I should stop wearing my ""bearded for her pleasure"" shirt when I eat out..."  fajitas were good! rice was not vegetarian but beans were.. service was fine.. patio seats were fun" "I took a group of people here from work -  The service was outstanding the food was even better. I produced my ""Yelp"" coupon and it was honoured without question. The chips and salsa really get your attention I have always enjoyed eating at Sam's (now Canyon) from when they had their Biltmore location...the Pancho's Enchiladas are my favorite! However I went to their downtown location with my 4 month old daughter today to meet some friends for lunch and they do NOT have a diaper changing station in their restroom. Was pretty disappointed and won't be returning if it is a family meal.  and it was a featured item on the menu; it was alright.  I was too full to even finish the tostada." Other than the spill the meal was great. I ordered the basin Meatloaf. I totally recommend the meatloaf.  It was one the best meatloaf I have had in a long time.  Last but not least our waiter was really nice and did a great job taking care of us." Our favorites are the wontons and sweet potato chips Favorite margarita. Grand Canyon margarita the best ever! Only $4 during happy hour."  some are sweet potato crisps and some are seasoned corn chips...all mixed together. Our waiter explained that the salsa takes two days to make the concoction of roasted vegetables. I had my free checkin dessert to go...and there was a lot to choose from. If I lived in the area Patio is dog friendly.  Very good service. Had the blackened catfish which was good .  The little white chocolate and pecan praline deserts rolled in tamale husks were outstanding!!! "Food was good and service. Food a bit pricey I will without a doubt return next time I am in Phoenix." "Came here upon my cousins recommendation. Glad we did. We sat outside on the patio because it was unbearably cold inside. The chips and salsa were different than ive ever had: crispy Great portions and good food. Stayed for a week near by. Probably ate here 4 times in a week. The southwest Cobb salad is beyond delicious. Great happy hour 4-7 everyday. Highly recommend. Very good! Love the Orange Beso! The Chips and salsa are amazing!!! I got the Bison Meatloaf! Freakin amazing!!!! :-D Highly recommend it!!!!  this place is a good place to get your fix for margaritas and Mexican food in Phoenix  super attentive without annoying us and accommodated all our requests...even one for a picture!" Absolutely the worst service I've ever seen. We waited for a half hour before grabbing a waitress.  but additional chips were never brought to the table. Maybe a good thing as I couldn't keep my hands out of the bowl :)"  spicy salsa & bean dip! Hellava start! A kick-butt margarita! Had Chicken Fajitas!...THE BEST! Cannot wait to return! Great ambiance. Move Over  spicy salsa & bean dip! Hellava start! A kick-butt margarita! Had Chicken Fajitas!...THE BEST! ...Cannot wait to return! Great ambiance.......... Move over  this Mexican style of food does not compare. But I would give it a try again." "I had the carnitas and enchiladas.  the carnitas were fine but no better than what you can get at trader joes and the pancho's enchiladas were just plain bad.  they had no flavor  the service by our waitress TJ (Tammy J) was excellent as she made us feel like guests in her own home. We'll go back again anytime we visit Phoenix." "The margaritas here are good.  All of them.  We stopped in during our Cinco de Mayo "Best chips and salsa! Friendly service.  Will definitely go back for more!  This was a first time visit for me I look forward to coming here again and highly recommend giving it a shot if you haven't yet.  The free dessert Yelp coupon alone makes it worthwhile!"  nothing was comp'ed.  The young ladies at the hostess stand were not very helpful either to our waitress who was clearly trying her best but over her head.  Not a good experience - go somewhere else." What a great menu and patio... The commemorativo margarita is great...  but wasn't impressed by anything on the menu. ordered the steak fajitas and it was unexpectedly sweet. raspberry margarita was good though!" Great place for lunch. Plenty of seating. Starting filling up at noon." Chips & salsa FANTASTIC! Went back for spinach/portobello quesadillas; best ever. Beautiful patio area. Excellent service. I think I'm finished now. I'm finished with this restaurant. This place is a headache. Also check out their website. It looks like something I could have created using Visual Basic in high school. This place reeks of complacency. 2 stars only because of the margaritas." Service was great an the chips are good!!!!!"  too. Enjoy the patio and beautiful Phoenix weather. Just don't expect too much from the rest of the food or service." After reading reviews I only ordered table side guacamole and a cheese quesadilla.  The chips were amazing and I thought the salsa was just okay.  Quesadilla was good. Service was slow but that was okay cuz I was there to enjoy a beautiful morning in Arizona! "Al the bartender was the best server we've had! We had a terrible experience at a nearby restaurant and decided to head in to a favorite spot we always enjoy and Al undid the terrible experience we had elsewhere. Highly recommend Canyon Cafe. Plus it's one of the few places that gives you chips and salsa without a charge.  Great food I love this place and have eaten her more times than I can count.  Anything with their green chili pork is fantastic.  The steak and blue cheese quesadilla is amazing.  As several others haven mentioned the chips and salsa are quite tasty. Check out the Canyon Cafe. I believe you'll also become a fan." Next time we go back I'll definitely try the table-side guacamole...that looked really good and probably tastes really fresh."  staying at the downtown sheraton across the street from the restaurant. I've been here twice this week and the food and service have been great. Chips and salsa are a unique blend of sweet and salty and delicious. Great margaritas. Both I can only comment on the fajitas but they are amazing. I'd definitely recommend" *No apologies from management or wait staff." Can't wait to go back.  It's our little secret place that we enjoy because it's quiet and we usually leave feeling quite euphoric." "Good Southwestern food: Addictive chips Dining space is fairly large and is good for groups." The chips and salsa are the best I've ever had. I got steak fajitas that were excellent. My friend really enjoyed her meal as well (can't quite remember what it was). Very fair prices  and thanks to checking in with Yelp we shared a dessert for free. We chose the banana burrito and had no regrets. Highly recommended. Sad that I won't be back in Phoenix any time soon - I'd definitely come back if this were in my city!!"  the roaches made it my last time there! And the fact that the booth seating with the huge square pillars makes for an uncomfortable setting. And the energy is not good "Came here twice for dinner while staying at a hotel across the street for a conference. Staff was very friendly. Food was awesome. The first night I had the Carnitas Platter...second night I tried Pancho's Enchiladas. The chips and salsa were yummy! Nicely seasoned  good service and the chef actually brought out samples of desert that I can not remember the name but it was a nice touch. The only bothersome part that there were pigeons that interrupted our meal a few times but not a big deal. If you are in the area  excellent. Service was friendly but EXTREMELY slow. It was lunchtime on a Monday but the restaurant was dead so no excuses not to be on top of things. It took forever to get water and chip refills. From order time until they picked up the check it took one hour forty five minutes....but we did get some complimentary chocolate dessert compliments of the chef"  for lunch I had lettuce with good dressing and amazing chips and salsa for $15.  I saw plates of tacos go by that looked and smelled much better than what I was mulling through.  The waitress felt bad though  and the food had good portions! I am pleased to say that I am excited to come back...although I think they're remodeling currently. Still  this place expects sun through the windows to contribute to a pleasing indoor winter temperature."  they have three or four different types they throw into the same basket . .salsa was so-so." "I have been to this wonderful place a couple of times now and have had the most delicious dinners and lunches always.  Last night I invited a friend to have dinner here for her 1st time and she was raving all night about the crab cake dinner she had to eat.  The service is always terrific and our server ""Keith W"" did an outstanding job (thank you  The have a beautiful  view of the courtyard with lights." e5kc0CQ4R-PCCDgb274gSg My suggestion - sit outside & listen to the fountains!!"  someone came by with chips and salsa but no water.  We waited and waited and waited.  We finally decided to wait 5 more minutes (we were now at about 20 minutes since we'd sat down) before saying anything.  After those 5 minutes with still no one around to wait on us  sitting under the heat lamp makes it just perfect.  We were limited on time this past visit and asked if they could get us fed in 1/2 hr.  They recommended food that was fast and from start to finish got us out in 20min.  The tortilla soup was awesome and the tacos fresh and delicious.  We have had different meals each time and everything has always been fabulous.  The chips and salsa set the tone for a great meal and the white chocolate treat is a nice finishing touch.  I definitely recommend that EVERYONE gives this place a try when at the Arizona Center.  It is now one of our favorites."  which were quite tasty. But that is not going to be enough to win back the meal." Hats off to Canyon Caf for listening to their customers and making the necessary changes to assure a great dining experience.  All done with a great attitude Nice service and decent environment but the food was meh. Had the fajitas and didn't even finish them because the meat was way too over cooked.  the most rude bartender on the face of the earth and we still stuck it out. Finally got to our table and the bad adventure begun. To start off I have no issues with suggesting you try the Canyon Cafe." A couple logistical things that were annoying was that there was some miscommunication between the kitchen and wait staff so quite a few of our guests who ordered steaks had to wait quite a while until they finally came out. I mean a long wile... like to the point of wondering if they had to go lasso Just too many other good places in the area to eat."  they close very early no matter what their hours say. Never going back in there."  a great place to go to for margaritas and chips and salsa and that's it." Down here for the  super bowl"  but the use of Hershey's syrup leaves the experience falling short. And that summarizes the entire experience. Good for an area where you wouldn't expect good Went here for a team lunch during a workday. Food was decent.. Server was ok.. It took about an hour to get our food though so we were getting hangry by the time we actually got our order. Most likely will not be back. What really amazed me is the staff service all around.  The bartender was attentive. I inadvertently left my iPhone by the bar and didn't realize it was missing until an hour after I left the cafe.  I called the cafe and sure enough they found an iPhone which I went back for it and once there the manager verified that I was the rightful owner and got my iPhone back.  Today I needed a copy of my receipt for my business expenses  I cannot see why I would ever return to this restaurant."  and relaxing.  I ordered the southwest Caesar salad which was a perfect variation on a classic.  I then received my entree the Santa Fe stuffed chicken breast.  So flavorful and huge!  The asparagus was cooked perfectly.  I also got a free dessert for checking in on yelp.  There are small remnants of the previous Sams cafe but it's the good things.  Staff is friendly and low key."  and the food was just ok.  For southwest food it hit the mark but wasn't my favorite overall.  And my street tacos were just ok "Below average Mexican food. Salsa is non traditional.  Chips were seasoned which was weird.  Drinks were week Bomb.com. Try the fajitas or enchiladas. It's enchanting. Check in for free dessert. Shout out to my girl Brent for hooking it up with to go chips n salsa. It's 2 minutes walking distance from the Convention Center." "Best lunch ever!!! We ate here 4 times while in Phoenix. It was an easy 5 minute walk from the convention center within the shopping/eating center. Get the stuffed pepper (Carnitas Relleno) Street tacos!!!! Margaritas!!! Get the Orange Beso Margarita and the street tacos. I get 3 tacos with no beans and rice. So far my favorite tacos are the spicy chicken and the Poblano Chili tacos. I tried the shrimp one. It was kind of bland compared to the other two. Husband had the go-Normous Cobb salad and really liked it. Street tacos!!!! Margaritas!!! Get the Orange Beso Margarita and the street tacos. I get 3 tacos with no beans and rice. So far my favorite tacos are the spicy chicken and the Poblano Chili tacos. I tried the shrimp one. It was kind of bland compared to the other two. Husband had the gi-normous Cobb salad and really liked it. We paid and immediately left hungry." Also the outdoor seating by the fountain is pretty great."  and the sign says ""half price Margaritas."" After we order the first round we find out the happy hour is only if you order drinks from the bar. Really? That first round was really weak  you will love this place because they are on EVERYTHING. Chips? Check. Salsa? Check. Rice? Check. Chicken? Check. The tableside guacamole and margarita were the highlight The restaurant was empty and waitress was nowhere to be seen for most of the night. Oh well." "It was so good we went back 3 times during our stay. The chips and salsa are good  I couldn't stop eating the chips and salsa. It was my first time here and I want to come back soon. KEITH provided awesome customer service. I felt welcomed and well taken care of  nothing wrong but nothing mind blowing Street tacos were good. Service was quick but it was about 1 pm when we arrived and only a few other tables were occupied.  The outdoor seating by the fountains was nice.  no beans.  This dish needed help!!!  Started to check in on YELP to rate while I was sitting there and noticed that I got a free dessert with my meal by checking in.  Had the cheesecake which was thick...if that is the word.  Bill was $14 Long wait with super rude host.  Directed us to the bar and after being ignored for 20 minutes was told we would just have to wait until bartender would get to us.  Had to go up to bat individually to order our food and definitely knew we were putting him out.  Food ok.  I'm moving soon and will miss this place like crazy. Canyon Cafe happy hour I have never experienced such terrible service from any restaurant nor had to write such a negative review." We reccomend this restaurant for its food  dead downtown.  This was across the street and one of two Mexican places in the area.  Had the naked chile relleno and the max limit (?) of two margaritas.  Chips and salsa were very good and different.  I suspect they used dried chiles.  The relleno was great.  Meat was tender Excellent food! It was a convenient walk from our hotel. The restaurant atmosphere was great. Everything was reasonably priced and the service was good. Because it was a large party I paid my bill for our family plus the gratuity however if you'd like rectify your server's misconduct and I'd appreciate a refund for my meal if you're truly sorry for my experience. You can message me directly."  the decor in this restaurant was so amazing. The chips and salsa that was brought out had to be the best I have ever had! We ordered the appetizer with the 3 different options and all of it was so tasty!" A very good choice for our first night in Phoenix"  the Hyatt Regency recommended us to go here for some great Mexican food and that we had - along with some great 2-limit margaritas! Our server Frederica was so great! We told her about how we were going to drive all over the state and site see in the days to come -1.. They closed early and are not reliable. Don't  going there. The staff closes up early and people who drove from Vegas to check out the #1 yelp restaurant. Never going back. Keep up the great work!" Ordered the stuffed chicken breast with goat cheese.I believe it was the Santa fe. It was absolutely amazing and delicious. The chips and salsa were a great taste prior to the main course. Great food and great atmosphere! I had the Blackened Chicken and Avocado salad which was good. Not totally original but still great. Hubby had the Sante Fe Stuffed chicken breast and said it was pretty good. We had the tres leches for dessert which was delicious. Friendly staff and clean restaurant! OMG. Theirs guac is amazing!  Just tastes so fresh. Made right in front of yoym and they have some fancy margaritas too!  Yummy!  reasonable prices and good service. Enjoyed happy hour margaritas and a delicious carnitas plate. Salsa and chips were surprisingly different. Would definitely recommend" "We have eaten here at least 7 times in one week while visiting in Phoenix including lunch and dinner. Everything we tried was wonderful. We had salmon We were a group of 23 for dinner our poor waiter had no help. We were served a round of drinks and it was an hour after before we were asked to place our orders. The food was terrible!  my wife had a couple of blue margaritas and said they were very good.  We finished our meals and the chips.  Our waitress brought us a nice white chocolate ""tamale"" with our check.  If you are looking for a full meal or just want a nice place for a beer or cocktail this is the place.  Try the chips and salsa." The only saving grace is Sal. He was super helpful."  which was very good! Not impressed with the steak quesadilla. The meat was a little chewy and tough." "The struggle to find decent food and service in the #phx area was among one of my biggest struggles. The bartender was a bit brash at first and I felt rushed to make a decision on food & drink within a minute or two of sitting down. I ordered the wings and a coyote margarita. The wings were ok Great for a quick bite to eat. Very tasty and very easy on the wallet! Service was fantastic as well. Great location and outdoor seating is a must.  Super friendly staff but the only knock is the slow service."  but not worth the calories. The table-made guacamole was likewise unremarkable. I think the avocados were still not fully ripe. The calamari was the worst I ever had - fishery and tough. A table of 7 hungry guys didn't finish either appetizer. The main courses were all pretty good. I had the grilled tuna. A bit overdone (scalding hot plate is always a sign that it sat under the heat lamp too long) Loved the chips!!! Yummy spice added to them and there was a great variety."  2 stars for dessert (even though it was free). I probably won't be back."  was amazing. She was kind Great complimentary house made chips and salsa and the limit 2 margarita is the best I've had in awhile. Our server was very helpful and she did a great job given the busy night. The wait was a little long but the food and service was awesome and will definitely bring me back here! "All the way from the amazing mix of flavored chips and salsa to the meal to the view and service you can't go wrong here! This was by far one of the best meals I've had. I got the salmon and it had a pine nut pesto serve over mashed sweet potatoes with spinach sauted with candied pecans on top.  Freddie was my server and she was absolutely a charm! Very attentive and sweet as can be! I wished we had a location in the Dallas Texas area   atmosphere and good food ! Amazing service.  The Pecan Salmon was out of this world Service was terrific. Saul (I think that's what he said) was very attentive and brought us some delicious chips to start and even a wonderful white chocolate tomale dessert at the end. We had $4 margaritas and one iced tea as we sat by the unlit firepit. Everything was perfect! I would definitely return here next time I visit friends or run another out-of-state race." But I'm going to give them four stars because that was my first time there and the rest the food that others were having around me look very good as well. Started the evening with a wonderful combination of different kinds of chips and a great salsa and a good house margarita.  I had the pecan salmon very good but under cooked and I wasn't there for sushi. I have attached the pictures And they say at all. Interesting combinations in flavors with in the dish. And salmon for $20 anywhere with all the sides that it came with in a nice dining experience is a good deal. Waitress was very nice and will definitely go back to try more dishes."  right?  None of us said a word about the meal issues but someone came up and asked if we weren't happy and they told them the beef was a little tough and not good.  Almost immediately the manager shows up apologizing and explained there had been done kind of different meat than usual- they had noticed that they had not fished the meat and so they I wired.  They told us they would discontinue use of that meat vendor and they took it off our bill then brig ought complementary desserts that were also amazing.  My food from start to finish was excellent and the service recovery was impressive.  We will definitely be back!" One of the best meals I've had in Phoenix Awesome location. Chicken and Shrimp tacos were amazing. The Margarita coleslaw was a nice fresh take on the classic coleslaw. I will definitely come back. The White chocolate almond tamales were awesome.  which was enticing due to the local prickly pear. WAY too sweet. Really nice seating outside and waitress was really friendly. Chips and salsa were good. The nice surprise was the white chocolate dessert in the tamale corn husks."  they didn't offer any kind of discount). This was pretty much the turning point of the evening; our server seemed to avoid our table for the rest of the evening. We even had a hard time getting our check so we could leave. Undecided if we will try them again." Another good meal at Canyon cafe.  The 3 kinds of chips was a great start.  We almost asked for another bowl of the chips.  YUM. My husband and I both had the fish tacos.  Also delicious.  The waitress brought the check with a white chocolate treat.  Nice way to end the meal.  Wish they still had the bison tacos. PS---I just told the waiter once again how much I loved this salsa and he is getting me some to take! So happy!!!" What a delicious meal.  It was also a beautiful location overlooking lit palms and fountain - quite romantic Pretty setting. Mediocre food.  Mediocre service.  We got tired of waving our hands trying to get someone's attention.  the delicious food combo'd with the amazing service would have me definitely coming back on any future trip to Phoenix."  and pretty darn cute to boot! We got the table side guacamole to start which went over very well. Tacos were had by everyone including a special request that the kitchen had no problem filling. I got the grilled chicken tacos and they were pretty good. I put a fair amount of hot sauce on them but the flavors were very good. A nice place to stop in downtown Phoenix."  SW Cobb salad is amazing but the service was horrible. First the hostess sat me at the farthest end of the restaurant away from the few patrons that were there. Order was quickly taken and drinks and chips delivered very quickly "Good service and friendly staff is the reason why I  gave it 3 stars. The food is the most Americanized Mexican food I've ever had. Don't expect any authentic Mexican food. I mean Overall an ok experience. Worth a second chance."  definitely not bad. I was just expecting a bit more of a southwestern flavor." I went with three others on a Saturday afternoon. We were not greeting with a warm welcome. The hostess was very rude to me and the others in my party. When she seated us she did not tell us when our server would be around and she didn't check the cleanliness of the table. There was fresh bird poop in multiple places on our outside table. We moved OURSELVES  inside and the hostess never came to check what the problem was or why we moved.The restaurant was pretty much empty so she should've been able to do that.  All but two plates at our table were dirty. We waited about 15 minutes before we actually saw our server. We ordered drinks and food at the same time. We waited another 10 minutes for those. We waited 20-30 minutes for our food and when we needed any kind of wait staff there was no one around. On top of that they don't validate parking and if they do they didn't offer that. When we finally got our food our meters for our car had ran out and we had to go out to refill them. The food tasted good but I've had better and for the amount of food you get I think this place is overpriced. I definitely will think twice before dining here again. Will return again in another couple weeks to explore more of the menu!" It's the best place to come to eat with your friend and family I would recommend this place to any one who wants to come chill and have a good time food  had the chefs daily special stuffed poblano pepper with carnitas.  Sit outside on the patio for a great view."  patio comfortable. Will come back often...bottomless chips and salsa like no other. Exceeded my expectations by far." Just the chips itself is enough for a five star! The margaritas are on point! The Carnitas and enchilada platter is so delicious! A must go in downtown Phoenix!  she actually asked about our timeline! We had time to relax tonight and we weren't in a hurry but there are so many times when we are and they don't bother to ask. I would definitely recommend. The only reason it wasn't 5/5 was my fajitas were super wet I have no complaints against the restaurant considering we threw a lot on them last minute. Getting our checks took a while  and Mac n cheese in case you have picky eaters like me. The only down side was that the floors were definitely not clean. My shoes kept sticking to the flooring as I walked  I still come to AZ for my dentist (see my other review below) and every time that I am in town I make sure to stop by this restaurant. Their service is impeccable and the food is even better. They have the best chips and salsa EVER. They throw about 5 different types of chips into their mix (e.g. They have indoor and outdoor seating and room for large groups.  Enjoy!"  I had the special- it was some kind of tenderloin but it was dry. Good margaritas!" Very friendly and helpful but could not eat there because of allergies gluten and soy. Recommended nearby place instead.  go to this one. The older guy that runs through the drive through is awesome. He will either repeat the order back to you so incorrectly you'd wonder if you really did say 856 tacos and a side of grilled stuft burrito. Sometimes you pull up and he hands you a soda you didn't order  it has consistently filled me up without causing food poisoning. When you're talking TB  the name is familiar? Probably one or all those reasons. But we could be so much kinder to our digestive track if we would just explore out side the box! I once went 15 years without eating at a Taco Bell. Why did I try it again? Must have been an advertisement over powered me. I can be strong again and refuse to eat this crap once again or forever."  very close to the library and art museum I frequent. Clean interior and friendly staff." I could eat bean burritos pretty much every day - and some weeks  excited employees I have seen working at a fast-food establishment. Never had a problem with the food or drinks. The rest of it is an average Taco Bell Thanks for doing a great job guys! Always quick and I've never had an issue with any of the food. "Pleasantly surprised with the quick and competent staff here. Normally not one to be impressed with fast food My only reason for 4 stars is there was no paper towels in restroom and the beverage counter was a little messy. Other than that Still my favorite Taco Bell. They are always friendly and the one time they forget something they ended up giving us a extra dessert no charge! Ps inside is also clean majority of the time too! fH9OSIlijo9Obp8ZDq8rBg  but the only person working was the guy power-washing the sidewalks--nobody home even though there were signs everywhere advertising that the place was now open for breakfast! I headed to my office dejectedly and checked the website to find out this location doesn't open until 9 a.m. If you're going to serve a breakfast menu "I personally love this Taco Bell. It's right outside of my work so can get a quick meal whenever I have a break and just relax in their nice old school dinning room. I may even go a little too often as the counter people are starting to recognize me lol. I was going to give this three stars until I found out they serve breakfast now too! It's doesn't start until 8am for all you extra early people "Just went to grab a quick lunch to go and must say this is the wrost prepared food to date. I've gone hear at least 30 times before and this is the first time that I can honestly say it sucked. They weren't really busy Eating here it felt like I was Riding a Unicorn down a mountain while drinking from a Goblet filled with the laughter of Children. Demolition Man the movie has Taco Bell as a fine dining establishment in the future I can now see why. Eating the Chalupa Supreme makes me have faith in humanity that we can over come obstacles and create beautiful things. You could put anything inside a Chalupa bun and it would be delicious. I cut off some of my beard and put it in the Chalupa it was outstanding. I think part of the reason it was so good is because I had some Hummus from Greek Pita left in my beard. And they didn't skimp on my request for lots of mild sauce." Come on Taco Bell pay closer attention to your drive through and making sure you get ALL the items in the bag. K Thanks...." I must say that I have lived close to this Taco Bell for two years now and do not have one complaint of the service or food received when visiting this location. The employees at he driver thru are always very polite and accommodating. It is nice to go to a fast food restaurant that is consistent with its customer service. I definitely recommend that this Taco Bell is  up to par!  but the bathroom was disgusting! I had to use a paper towel to turn on the faucets and open the door so I wouldn't catch anything. Glad I have a strong stomach!" Can any Taco Bell be 5 stars. Maybe for the brief moment you indulge in feeding yourself but this one is as good as any and well situated whether you're not in the mood for the nearby Costco food or the more refined Chipotle. "Some taco bells are better then others this one is closer to the worse then the best .. Something about the meat The service at this Taco Bell was fast and quite pleasant.  The food was as to be expected. I did order the new Volcano Quesorito which was quite tasty and just the right amount of spice. My food is always missing something. If I order extra cheese they forget it. I usually get the nachos and I always have to return it due to no toppings  accurate order every time. Workers actually look clean and engaged Stay clear of this Taco bell."  REALLY bad. But has gotten much better. Very friendly service." Absolutely horrible. Don't bother coming here. We came because its and Taco Bell and a Pizza Hut so everyone could get something they liked. We waited 20 minutes just for the tacos and 35 minutes for 3 pan pizzas. The staff was unapologetic and every single one of them gave us attitudes. The assistant manager did apologize to us but she should probably get rid of the whole staff there especially the young black girl who had the absolute worst attitude out of all of them. Don't go here. There's plenty of other places to go around here. Mexican pizza was extremely gross. Made me sick. Tasted like it was old and reheated 10 or 15 times before I got it. Lady at front gave a a dirty look when I asked for something else. Just keep on driving. The employees are always friendly and courteous."  the emphasis was on drive through.  People who order in were an after thought. I make this comment based on more than one visit.  Wish they would have left it alone!  I liked the old building." Always fast and friendly service with accurate orders. Love this place to fix my Mexican food cravings in a quick way! "I have never had a bad experience here. I have been coming since before they had remodeled. The food is great. Never been sick but the service. Wow! Juanita is so amazing. Always happy  lady taking order was too busy talking to other employees and not getting order right. Have a avocado allergy and it ended up in my burritos even though I specified no avocado. Don't go at night terrible service. Big Taco Bell fan just not this location." kIvIqHvvFOc6aCutFYIvNg  intentionally gave me a beef and cheese burrito instead. Her name was Arbiata. Or something similar. The manager was also unapologetic and  uninterested. She rudely said she couldn't even refund me unless I drove all the way back. Totally disgusted."  and chicken. What the hell is the assistant manager doing all day? How do you not have the main components to 90% of your food items?? And to top it off Waiting 15+ minutes for 3 tacos and a bean is absolutely ridiculous. Even though it is within walking distance I may choose to use my car to drive to another  location with better service."  except maybe to protest the poisoning of the people by a huge corporation...eat here at your own risk it could be your last meal."  this thing was literally all tortilla and nothing else folded and burned into what kind of resembled a burrito. Garbage seriously tastes better then anything at this location. I have lost all faith in Taco Bell. SERIOUSLY NEVER AGAIN!!!!!" K9fIADfO_zKFPFm75A1Hxw Every time I've gotten pizza here I've had to either wait 10 min or it was past the time it should be served by. At least when i waited i knew the pizza was hot out of the oven! What can you say about Taco Bell other than fresh and still reasonably affordable. Consistently quality food. Wish there were more around to be honest...:) I love their tostadas and even those are loaded now !" i never thought i would say this but i hated this place they were disrespectful messed up my order and accused me of lying showed my receipt and got no apology or anything i almost hauled off and slapped her ass Had to call the police to get a refund for my food we waited 15 minutes the food did not come. I asked for a refund they reefused so I had to call the police when the police got there they gave me my refund I have never had to call the police on any kind of establishment before.NEVER AGAIN WILL I GO HERE!! "Taco Bell is Taco Bell you get what you pay for. However I have to leave a review because every time I come here there's the same girl working the drive thru. She's just so nice and does a great job at getting all the orders done. Honestly  tasty.... what more can you want???"  but so far nothing on their menu is something that I have to have.  You know that feeling you get where you have to have something that you crave and you must have now  food was cold and was impossible to get a refill on drinks. Next time we are craving Chili's we will drive a few extra miles and go to the Chili's at PV Mall." _BU867oRCLZnDIRmg7S6Wg We will continue to eat at Chili's & order take out from time to time since the location is so convenient." Oh and the fries were cold both times. Like not even ""to go"" cooled...we live 3 blocks from the place!"  we would usually go here once a week for chips and salsa and buffalo wings and a couple of drinks. Now that we are married The food wad meh and frankly I couldn't get past the dirt factor. ....tables So after staying at this location for 2 hours or so because of the long wait for everything i am slightly scared to go back to any chilis but i love their strawberry lemonade so its hard to refuse based on one girls performance or lack of.  As i finish my review on their not good food quality and piss poor service i cannot help but notice another girl had the same issue in june and i almost wonder if we had the same female who had waited on us and literally waited before taking our orders and giving us anything. If i went to this location which i highly doubt we will "as far as ""sit down"" fast food goes. it wasnt bad.. it was the first one in a while i went to where the food was actually good and the staff was nice. id go back.." "Oh Chili's. You really let me down this past Friday night. From the cheese fries being old (as if they had been reheated and reserved)  to the cooler than average steak. I did send the cheese fries back  and got a piping hot new order but I didn't send back the steak for fear of what may have been done to it after sending back the fries and also for fear that it would come out a hockey puck. I will say that even though it was not as warm as it should have been I rarely interact with restaurant employees but I made some small talk with her during the few minutes she wasn't busy. I paid the bill when I was done with my meal and gave her a generous tip. she deserved it This location has always been pretty good.  The food is fresh and tasty and the service is great!  I don't go here often but when I do they have the gluten free menu readily available for me and they know what items are on it (or I'm lucky and get the right waiters!)  Love the lunch combos!  Great value! _BU867oRCLZnDIRmg7S6Wg wqQ-50Sjf9ol3SYaPbA1YQ  food took longer then usual but was great once it arrived.  But after being at the fair all day it was good to sit down!" One star only because I cant put zero and the waitress didn't ask us to pay for our iced tea." "Got good fast service and I love the southwestern egg rolls! Don't know why so many bad reviews It's a chain restaurant what do you expect? ..... Chips and salsa to go... Watching the cowboys hot chips seems like good start Been to this location a few times and only sit in the bar area. The food and service are always great. Even when the bar is packed they're always on their A game! "Food was good but fries were barely warm. Server was good The service was a bit slow...I was in the bar area. And he was slow on the blackberry tea refills. Nothing spectacular about this Chili's and the service didn't knock my socks off so...three stars." We'll be back...many more times!" Needs to learn how to fix drinks instead of arguing about it...specially when someone in training is making them and he didn't offer to help or fix the matter....."  as were the prices. Shared the 2 for $20 with my husband & left full. I had the chicken fajitas & he had the honey chicken crisper things. Also had the cookie skillet for dessert  so that any time she craves this type of food she can look at it and remind herself that we can eat much better and cheaper at home. Or at least at a restaurant that gives us our money's worth." Food ok. Service ok. Customer service was lacking."  our waiter was really nice and attentive. We ordered the trio dipper and the new bacon avacado chicken sandwich on a pretzel bun. The pretzel bun was super rock hard and was not pleasant to eat because it was cutting the roof of my mouth but we kept the dish anyways. The trip dipper came with honey chipotle wings  they tasted even worse. I end up ordering a chicken salad and my friend something like a rice black bean bowl. I was brought a huge salad that looked awful and tasted worse. Just wilted lettuce and chicken (that tasted like it was old). I ate two bites and had had enough. The waitress had no desire to provide us with any level of service and kept on coming back to us almost rushing us to leave. This was almost the worse dining experience ever! Stay Away! $30 for a awful appetizer and two entrees. Never again." The service is always great and the food is always perfect!!" Needless to say the newer manager didn't do a damn thing no discount no apology absolutely nothing. What was supposed to be just lunch ended up into an early dinner because of their constant mistakes. I never have had a problem here so this was disappointing to say the least. I even remember when the manager who was there at the time first started & it wasn't too long ago and even then he was completely useless with a very unruly customer who was a constant disruption. Seriously bring back the Chili's I'm used to!!" I try to make it here at least once a week. Consistently good quality food and great service every time I've been in. Pretty good happy hour menu but I usually do their dinner for 2 promotions and Presidente margaritas. "I waited at the front for about 10 minutes before someone finally noticed me. Our service was very attentive.. almost too attentive. They kept interrupting me and my boyfriend to consistently refill our already full waters. We had probably 3 different servers that night and although it was 10pm  chunky ring on the inside of it- remnants from another drink of some kind. Nothing makes me shudder more than eating/drinking off a dirty dish at a restaurant." Love this chili's. Friendly bar staff and always quick to serve. Victoria it's the best!  we were not worth his time. I had to walk up to the bar to get my food warmed up and had to wait 10-15 mins to get a refill on salsa after I initially requested it. It also took him another 10 mins or so to bring the bill after I initially requested it. He didn't have a problem stopping at other tables within the bar area to make small talk "Great service and food! We have never had an issue and are always happy to return. There is something to be said about good customer service Worst dining experience ever. NFC AFC championship games playing and very few customers in the restaurant. Food was not cooked to order. Brought out the wrong food. Not once. Twice. Kitchen was a complete disarray. Wait staff had no idea what was going on. Server was trying her hardest but to no avail. Absolute disaster. Always come here to eat with family when ever I come to visit them. Love the food and the service. The new menu look pretty delicious.  they have definitely stepped up their game. Our waitress was Savannah and boy was she amazing. She thought about bringing sides of ranch for my daughter before we even did! Drinks were great and she seemed like an expert on the menu. She even helped me choose my meal which was the sirloin with grilled avocado. Never thought I'd say it "The staff was so nice and everything was cook cooked well and fast. They're new ""tablets"" are helpful seeing what the meal looks like and helps paying a breeze."  and we all had a blast.  Sat in the bar area.  Savannah was our server and she was just great Been having lunch here for quite a while.  I am impressed with the staff it seems they have all been there for a very long time.  I really like the changes they are making. Really good food and great service. I've only been here twice so far and the second visit I got my dessert free because of their rewards program. We saved about $7. Definitely worth signing up for and actually coming in to eat. This Chili's is awful. The service is ridiculous and the food is gross. I have tried three various times to eat here and each time was a disappointment. The food did not taste good at all. The service was slow and rude. When I spoke to the manager to advise him that we did not have a good experience he hung up on me. so i ate here about a month ago for my dads birthday dinner this location was awesome ive been to two other and by far this one had great customer service we didn't even have to ask for refills our server would glance over and bring us refills it was great not many places do that i loved the tacos that the server suggested they were great i will definitely be coming back Best service ever. The Food was flavorful. I alway love going to Chili's and I would go back to that location again and again and again. I would strongly advise not to eat here." Ordered a chicken sandwich and thought it was a pretty safe bet. It was not!!!! The chicken was rubber and had me question if was actually chicken. My server looked like he was straight out of prison on work release. So when he recommended that sandwich I should have known better. I'm not sure why I ate here it was my own fault.  Why does anyone eat at these shitty places. No service. All waitresses seemed like they had to buss their own tables. No one is smiling. Food was ok.  normally pretty cheap and they always send you cool coupons for free stuff in your email. I'll always come back here every once in awhile" I hope you guys read this cause your waitress is the shizznit! I don't know her name yet but awesome service ... I guess her name is Angela. Well awesome service !! The food was good but the only reason o give 5 stars is cause of her . Never been to chili's before but will be going back ! Everyone should give her great tips !! "My husband and I come here for the great service at the bar and the margaritas. I must say that Victoria is the BEST bartender I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. She knows what we drink "Seated immediately. Food took quite awhile and came to us jus barely warm. Waitress was basically non existent and forgot to bring us extra napkins completely. Don't plan on dining here again. Not worth it for the price and the booths are poorly set up I regular this place first for their good food and second and the most important for their yummilicious molten chocolate lava dessert ! Oh my just thinking of it makes me want to go there . Me and my husband go there atleast twice ( after restricting ourselves ) every week  just to have the dessert . You have got to try this desert atleast once and I am sure you can't stop having them again and again .  we will be right with you. "" Nothing. They need to train their staff  better!!  Finally we just sat ourselves in the bar. Luckily Dave saved the experience." I go to chilis about twice a month  love the chips and salsa and blackberry tea normally the sercives is great but this time was a complete disaster ! The hostest didnt know our server was going to be and raddles off five names of possible waiters not a big deal just super awkward when the sever eventually did arrive we placed our order after about 20mins appetizers and meal arrive at the exact same time my Boyfriend mashed potatoes had a hair in them(f***ing disgusting) it took so long to get someone's attention that he decided that he would just eat the rest of his food instead and not mention it knowing it would ruin my appetite.durning the whole meal we were checked on ZERO times every time  we tried stopping an employee's including a manger to ask for refills  and more salsa. they rushed right past us the restaurant by no means was backed and even if it was thats no reason to give piss poor service when we did get a mangers attention he seemed very aggravated and rushed never once asked how our meals came out and just hurry up and basically threw our to go boxes on the table .To top this all off there new payment systems on the table wasnt reading my card for i had to walk across the street to the bank where my card worked just fine and didnt get to redeem any point for my puchuse may seem stupid to some people but i love getting points for my puchuse to eventually receive a free desert needless to say we won't be returning any time soon.  ordered the low calorie steak with avocado medium n it cane in medium well I told the waiter and he said well u ate a lot of it (its only a 6 oz with 2 ounces of fat) or else I would've told my manager.. Really! Ya I'm done with chillis all together..!  So many other restaurants to choose from.."  whether it was a long wait for food or the food arriving under cooked. It seems that the kitchen staff needs to get their act together."  we made an effort to make it work but have found several other restaurants willing to meet our needs." Awesome yummy food and good service too. I ate chicken enchilada and margarita change chicken Bowl both dishes served quickly and it was delicious. Waiting time is around 5-10min. "went here yesterday with a date. Food was delicious. We sat at the bar and our server Jessica. had no personality and was a total snobby jerk to us "Great job on a busy Friday night!  I came here to celebrate my birthday and our server was on point.  He kept our drinks flowing and our mouths happy.  The Original Chicken Crispers never disappoint.  I liken the breading to Long John Silvers chicken only way better flavor and much more juicy.  They have a 2 for $20 deal with an appetizer and two entrees.  What a deal!  The only negative I see is that the drinks are a little pricey.  They are pricey enough that we can't get food and cocktails without the bill being huge so I just get soda "Terrible experience! From the attitude of the hostess to the overcooked cheese fries TWICE. Hey atleast I didnt have to pay for the overcooked fries. The manager defended the kitchen the first time by saying they were right out of the oven. Waitress was friendly but once there was an issue with the fries We ordered through their online service. The earliest option to pick our food up was about 15 minutes after We placed the order. I out the pick up about 40 minutes out from when I ordered it. My husband was there before the 7 o'clock pick up time didn't pay until 20 after and they said our food wasn't ready. At one point my husband asked again if she had missed his food and she said she must have lost the order. Turns out our food had been sitting there for 40 minutes and she was calling the WRONG name (even after my husband asked her at one point if that happened to be our order and she said no). She then picked up the food and called the correct name. My husband refused to take the food because it has been sitting there for so long. We understand it's busy but when you can't even process the people in line in a quick manner everything is going to fall apart.  we left full and happy. I will definitely be back for more tacos!" _BU867oRCLZnDIRmg7S6Wg Cassi is the best server I've had at a restaurant in a long time! The food was delicious. The restaurant has been remodeled on the inside...it looks good & it's clean. This Chili's is my fav! "A quick stop with 7 people.  Host greeted and made a special attempt to seat us in the bar area. Our waitress was wonderful.  Cheerful A Taco Bell is a Taco Bell is a Taco Bell. Or is it?  This location is a favorite. It's close by. They are consistent. They are quick. I love me anything volcano. I wish they had the pizza hut with it. A few weird experiences isn't gonna stop me from going here although they may not considering there is a taco bell at cave creek/bell." "Can you really go wrong with a bean burrito? I love them here.  They are cheap which makes it even better.  Their hard taco supreme and enchritos are also the bomb.  Obviously I cannot eat here everyday or I'd be the size of a blimp - so this place is for when I am feeling super lazy and do not want to cook - or as a late night  which is a REAL bummer. They lose a star for that (on top of the star they lose for all the wrong orders). I rarely got stuck in the drive through here Disappointed with quantity.  Meal is much smaller than depicted.  there is a huge draw of traffic to this location.  Perhaps the Taco Bell got their act together so as to not lose easy business.  No matter the  reason i also like their frozen lemonade-based refreshing drinks..."  and the drive thru is always open. What more do you need? Of the 5 or so times that I have been here I don't think they've ever messed up my order at all -- which is pretty great considering it is a Taco Bell!"  and the staff member at the register was very helpfull and polite.  He also had a great character and made placing our order and wait pleasent." Taco Bell is quite possibly my favorite fast food restaurant but I've never had a good experience at this location. My order is wrong 50% of the time and they are less than enthusiastic about fixing it when you bring an error to their attention. l8v1GHaB4CsryK6MioZ21A  I finally convinced myself to write a review.  In a simple phrase... ""This location lacks on the most important function of customer service: Consistency.  There is none."""  when we got home my boyfriend nearly broke a tooth on one of the ""cinnamon twists"" that was actually an uncooked rotini-style pasta noodle covered in the cinnamon sugar. This was the part of the meal that really upset me. Taco Bell does not carry anything remotely close to pasta  but I expect a business to be open when it claims it will be open." Average location. My order was incorrect as was about 5 out of the next 8 I witnessed.  the Taco Bell at nearby Tatum & Bell remains nicer. Perhaps if they offered valet parking like the neighboring Fry's Marketplace..." "Love me some Taco Bell and this one just got a facelift. Decided to go inside as well and it's similar if not identical to the recently renovated ones you can find here and there. The orders have always been correct  to try to figure out what they mean.  I thought that was very rude especially when I know there is such an item and that I always order the same thing and have for years.  So when I get my food everything is wrong.  They gave me the crunch wrap.  I talked to the manager and told her I wanted the gordida supreme.  She knew exactly what I was talking about.  I told her as well that her employee was very rude to me and that was uncalled for.  She said she would talk to her employee and ended up giving me free Cinnabon bites.  I have been going to this Taco Bell since I was a kid but I will not be going there ever again."  they can't get more than 3/5 stars. The place was hardly clean for being there late night (the floors needed to be mopped)  If you use the drive thru expect a heavy unpleasant odor..and the few times i've gone..they've gotten my order wrong..or took forever"  and the signs are all taken off and the windows and doors a boarded up. It closed really quickly" 