 their lunch menu gives a large choice of items for fans of Thai and Chinese food as well.  I'll often go with their delicious green curry or satisfying Pad Thai (not the best Pad Thai Pittsburgh has  not great but good enough.  The service as mentioned was poor.  The server was apathetic at best.  He didn't give us time to finish our soup before he had our entree's in front of us and a check on the table.  I think this was my last visit."  but is nothing special. There was nothing memorable or notable about my meal. The service was decent. This is one of few places in downtown Pittsburgh where a vegan can go and be reasonably accommodated."  lemongrass...not so much) and a spring roll.  I wouldn't recommend getting a drink besides water(at least during lunch..the place is crowded and they won't have time for any refills.)"  and we were actually charged for the dirt-filled soup.  We will not be back."  there is a chinese menu on the back that my friends contend has been general tso's than the authentic chinese places close by."  because I love Thai food....and there aren't too many Thai restaurants downtown Won't come back here again unless they do something about the lack of AC and better food!"  so I guess it gave him something to do.  And I wouldn't have minded if the food had been amazing.  But sadly "You pay for what you get. I thought the food was good in taste and quantity for the price. Service wasn't great  because it's ridiculous for any restaurant to skimp on the food.  But then I got my chicken lemongrass soup. It was so tiny and there was hardly any chicken in it. I wanted a typical Thai soup called Tom Kha Gai but they never heard of it. But  please take a look at my photos and see how small the soup bowl is.  I placed the spoon on top for comparison and you will really see that the bowl is not much bigger than the spoon. Nuff said." Waiter was awful and food (pad thai) was not much better. Apparently letting the waiter know that your soda is flat (twice) is a huge inconvenience to him.  and the food is awful. Everything pretty much looks and tastes the same. The waiter seemed annoyed that my eating partner complained that his soda was flat Lm_mR5xDF91OeZw97ch41g  take a few minutes to swing off the highway and go to Bangkok 56 in east Harrisburg."  which she called ahead about. And it wasn't ready yet and she had been waiting over 20 minutes for it. Terrible terrible customer service." Stay away!!!!!! The waiters waitresses hate you and your hapiness.  awful attitudes and sub-par food.  I could make the same food in my own kitchen ... Hope to see another Thai spot open downtown."  but i only go before concerts and games downtown. I get there at about 5:30 for a 7pm game and i'm out in plenty of time. The food is awesome. If you're cheap like me The atmosphere and ambiance of the restaurant are nice. And given the price Thai tea was no bueno." I am a little baffled by the mix of Chinese with the Thai - I guess the Yinzers in Pittsburgh can't really tell one Asian cuisine from another" I was a bit surprised considering that there were a whopping 3 diners in the restaurant that it took a while for the check to arrive and to get drink refills.  I had high hopes for this place but the food and service was just so disappointing.  The hunt continues for decent Asian food near my office in the Allegheny Center..." This place has ok thai food.  I recently had lunch here with my boss on her suggestion that we should try this restaurant.  I ordered the chicken basil and it was ok.  I probably won't be back unless my boss really wants to go here again.  especially if you're an 'outside the box' eater.  Try something you can't pronounce...what the heck."  and spice that it should have. I also had tofu panang. It was also virtually tasteless. Some coconut milk flavoring in otherwise nondescript brown sauce with no spiciness." I'm noticing a theme of horrible resturants on 6th Street and I don't like it." I hate hearing my neighbors  it will definitely be worth your time.  And if you like your food spicy "absolute favorite thai place in the burgh. affordable and very friendly staff.  hawaiian fried rice is my personal favorite  the service here is perfect.  Really.  The servers are incredible."  you can get plenty of food for about $10 per person (not including tip or drinks)" Eaten here many times. Family run and they remember you so if you come back time and time again they start putting treats in your to go bag- weird treats though- like a brownie- but I'm not complaining. Food is good. Has sort of a Asian fusion menu actually but staple Thai items. Service is always friendly. Casual dress. Interesting interior with lots to look at on the walls.Good for groups. Good place for a relaxed dinner.  but after reading the other reviews it is next on my list.  The decor is more 'professional' than Spice Island and its generally  quieter well i finally took the advice of fellow yelpers and gave Thai Cuisine a shot last weekend.   I showed up at 930 on Friday night and the place was packed.  I had to wait 15 minutes for a table.  I always feel waiting for a table is more of a positive than a negative as it usually means good things are to come.  I started out with the special shrimp fried in wontons.  It was unmemorable and I would of like to have seen bigger shrimp for this 6.95 appetizer.  I ordered the vegetable tom yum soup.  This was outstanding.  The vegetables were large and fresh and the spice was perfect.  I asked for medium and actually got medium.  I went with the standard pineapple curry as i always do the first time at a thai place.  Every bite was enjoyable and again the medium spice was perfect.  Like so often at thai restaurants i am always sad when i get to the bottom of the bowl.    Looking forward to my next visit. (4.5 stars)  why would you eat something that is meant to taste and look like meat?"" Shut up. I just like it. #2 - the prices are so cheap. I only looked at the vegetarian menu where every entree is about $10 for dinner I really can't imagine finding better Thai food in Pittsburgh sxeuOMBRllOHXJTaUlI9kQ  sometimes I really miss Pittsburgh." They were even kind enough to offer me a generous handful of Kaffir lime leaves when I wanted to try my own hand at some Thai cookin!" "Neighborhood restaurant.  Friendly service. Dishes can be a bit uneven. The honey duck "I haven't found Thai food that blew me away in Pittsburgh "Holy crap!  I just ordered delivery while in town on business-- The Thai Cuisine roll and the Thai Basil Chicken.  They were both fantastic!  And I mean it!  I have eaten a lot of Thai It's good to have more BYOB options. Go here with some friends casually "I love Thai Cuisine!! It is probably my favorite place to eat. I usually get their pineapple curry and it is fabulous. The service is usually great and they are always quick to refill your water glass. It is not cheap  great place to eat. There also seemed to be a steady crowd there when we got there and left. It looks like a popular spot. For good reason!"  because it's heavenly.  (...Which probably assumes that heaven looks like Thailand.  ...Which would be a nice place to spend eternity.)  Thai iced tea is really good  but the food is excellent.  The only dish I have ever disliked was the duck curry.  Everything else has been superb. The prices are reasonable and the servers are friendly  this place is very basic but the service is fast and friendly and the food was amazing. The vegetarian Tom Yum soup was perfect! We ordered the special of the day - a fried trout dish which was incredible. The price was very reasonable too. The six year old in our party (who doesn't like spicy food) loved the fried dumpling which was recommended by our server and one of the house specialties - three flavored chicken. We ordered the banana springroll for desert - also tasty. Don't expect a fancy place but if you want really good and fast thai food  but what's great in addition to that is that the service is outstanding.  The staff are knowledgeable about the menu and make great recommendations.  They are patient and friendly in handling my annoying vegan questions and have a variety of mock meats to choose from With my little nit-picks aside I currently highly recommend this dining establishment This place is great and is worth checking out. About $10 a plate and offers enough food to fill you for lunch and dinner!" Like I said I don't usually slam places but this was waste of my money." p.s. food was needlessly pricey given the poor quality." "All I'm sayin' is that I crave Thai Cuisine's Tom Kha Veggie soup. Perfect winter warm up  but the atmosphere is lacking. It feels akin to eating in a high school teachers' lounge (including the musical selections)."  as well as almost all the appetizers.  The servers are so nice and accommodating.  The decor could use updating.  Closed on Tuesdays  a sure sign that the rolls were not made to order.  the pad thai was dry and tasteless.  my friends curry and potatoes tasted like water with a touch of curry powder.  i hate giving poor reviews but nothing that i ate at thai cuisine was yummy."  this place is a must!"  and the seating is intimate. The cuisine is extremely authentic (especially for being Pittsburgh) and is suited from picky eaters to foodies." I obviously don't need to get into it too much since this place is clearly very popular and we all agree it's delicious Haven't left Pitt yet but already excited for a return trip for more yummy Thai!" sxeuOMBRllOHXJTaUlI9kQ  and I can see how this might be true.  Next time I'm in Pitt  Spicy Beef Basils and Chicken Pad Thai.  It seems that no one talks about this number system of how spicey they should make your food.  The waiter asks if how spicey it should be from 1 to 10 (being the hottest).  We picked a number 4 and the Spicy Beef Basils was still very spicy.  The Pad Thai was delicious and amazing.  All together our bill came out to be $32.  We will definitely go here again very soon!"  but this place is my new favorite!  Super fast service and really great flavors in the Spicy Basil Dish!  I was hesitant to try it since I didn't think that I'd like their twist Only thing I've had here that I didn't like: the fresh rolls are kind of mediocre but I'm not much of a fan of fresh rolls to begin with so take that as you will."  will be back to check out the rest of the menu."  reasonably priced Thai." Not much to say but I like this place. The Thai style fried rice with crab or lobster meat is pretty good. Service is ok and ambiance is good.  head to Squirrel Hill or the South Side or Wexford. If you are looking for tasty food at a reasonable price We've gone a second time and both got the same thing as the first. Don't mess with a good thing "I think Pittsburgh is a little weird. Restaurants and places close at odd times and therefore my friend and I were stranded on Liberty Ave looking for a decent restaurant that was open. We gave up and decided to go for some Thai. It's a very nice place and I was very happy with the fact that our waiter was friendly. I always like polite and friendly servers. I ordered the hot and sour soup which I gobbled up right away. It was delicious and super hot  but fine. We will definitely be going there! The portions are big too  with the green curry standing out in my mind as one of the best I've had anywhere. We came here with a large group of people one night  but this certainly is a solid option when the craving for Thai hits."  but I still miss Thai Cuisine. The food was great and the staff treated me very well as a regular. Decor and ambiance...lacked a bit but were in line with the prices and the neighborhood." It was jumping for dinner and it's BYOB so stop by the wine and spirits store beforehand!"  but we just happened to be in the area when my Thai food craving hit.  I am so glad Thai Cuisine was there to supply the delicious food that I needed!"  will return probably for another carry out friday night but will probably head somewhere else if dining-in!"  but the interior leaves a lot to be desired. The service is always great. Friendly and accommodating and the manager is always there to greet with a smile." Service was superb though. The waiter was constantly around to fill out water glasses. A+ for the service I've been here twice so far and it is actually very good. I'm extremely judgmental when it comes to thai food and though the food wasn't perfect (but it was satisfying) i'm still going to give it four stars because I have yet to find a better thai place in Pittsburgh that isn't a murderously long drive away from our house.  i think the best dish I've had here is the Thai Eggplant dish with whatever kind of meat or tofu you want.  Their Tom Yum is also amazing.  Have been here several times and I love it" I have the massaman curry pretty frequently. I also love the tom kha chicken soup."  this place is phenomenal - best Thai food I've ever had. You need to go here." Ill stick to Bangkok Balcony. No more trying out different Thai places in the city. I rather not waste my money on watered down curries and bland dishes which seems to be the norm for the Pittsburgh Thai scene." Bummer. Closed until the end of January 2012 for renovations. "Great Thai food - ambiance is great Our favorite place in Pittsburgh for Thai food! Service is excellent!!! We're kind of regulars now and we always get lucky to be served by this white guy who is awesome and polite. Their food is a little expensive but its so good. Try their tum yum veggie soup!!!! My favorite!  since my friends wanted to go there.  Despite this fact I found it interesting place.  The food was well cooked and tasty.  Service was fast and in general a nice  if not improved. The Tom Kha soup is as awesome as can be and our entrees were perfectly delicious. They still feature a separate vegetarian menu to make ordering easy. Most anything on the vegetarian menu is or can be vegan (just ask about egg - veg items do not contain fish sauce or shrimp paste). And the service has always been excellent." i didn't like the thai tea" I started with the fresh Thai rolls; a deliciously fresh spring roll that almost gave Trams' spring rolls a run for their money...almost.  For my main course I chose the day's special - Winter Curry with Shrimp.  A delightfully sweet mix of large shrimp  and Thai Spring Rolls are our regular favorites. We also love having their Mango Sticky Rice for desert when it is in season."  Friendly Service!  One of my favorite Thai restaurants in the area.  I suggest the 'Bird's Nest' entree.  Newly remodeled and very nice looking!  The food is not very spicy  just not memorable. You also get a good amount of food too for the lunch specials. We ended our meal with the mango & sweet rice dessert and it was tasty. The rice was cooked perfectly and the mango was ripe and sweet. Overall the food was good (A-ok)  but curry was very tasty (had the Red Bean Curry). Red flag when we were served generic green tea (bag) in diner style mugs?!? & charged $2 for a 6oz mug of hit water?!! Green Tea should be served in a tea pot & cups (not mugs). Prefer the other Thai place 2 blocks away - more authentic!" My vote for Best Thai in Pittsburgh.  I've tried them all and I keep going back to Thai Cuisine.  Space was completely remodeled a couple months ago.  Hostess owner is incredibly friendly as are the wait staff.  Get the Green Curry!  My favorite.  Recently had Red Curry with Beef.  Very good as well.  plus byob... it's a low 4." Fast forward 3 weeks later when my co-workers and I went out to eat at the restaurant this time around.  The service was decent and the food was fantastic.  I had the spicy noodles which was a great mix of thick noodles sxeuOMBRllOHXJTaUlI9kQ  but their poor choice of plates and cups (tea cups were like diner coffee mugs) didn't feel very authentic. I would order for take out instead next time."  but nothing too spectacular. All in all a good place for decent thai food in pittsburgh." oh and crab rangoon is totally not thai They only deliver through WheelDeliver.com  this was the closest I've had to my favorite Pad Thai in the city I need to go here again asap!!! :)" Welcome back Thai Cuisine." "Still sticking with my original rating.  Just had dinner here last night.  The decor is great with the new remodel and all  I'd point someone down a few blocks to Thai Gourmet." I see no reason to go back here." iOevQRRTJSIhkDySYLQ4mg  but not great Thai option in Pittsburgh." There isn't much that will keep me away from this wonderful place." Stopped in here for lunch. I don't exactly remember what I ordered because it was a few weeks ago but it was something like spicy basil noodles. It was truly excellent. The soba noodles were cooked great and the sauce was tasty. I ordered spicy level 5 but should have gone with something just a bit spicier. My fiance got a spicy basil rice dish but some of the vegetables in his rice were cold. Otherwise we really enjoyed the meal and I believe the lunch price was something like $6.95 or $7.95. The service was great and we had our waters refilled several times throughout the meal. Would definitely go back again.  but their food and service is garbage compared to Thai Cuisine. With the recent renovation its even better than it was before." sxeuOMBRllOHXJTaUlI9kQ Would rather eat here than anywhere else in the world. Green curry. Pad Thai. Yum yum yum yum yum. 5 Yums on the yum scale. And addictive. "Awesome!  We ate here several times and everything was very good.  Good service  great service. The waiter was really on top of the water refills which is key for a place serving spicy food. Food was really good. They have a 1-10 scale for spiciness. I had a 4 with my dish and turned out perfect for me (not so spicy that I had to guzzle water  we will return. Maybe next time we will explore and share... But I wouldn't count on it..." I am the poster child for this place and I tell everyone who comes to Pittsburgh  that if your'e in it purely from a culinary angle I love this restaurant! I do think it's the best Thai place in town. The curry is amazing and i love the appetizers. Anything I've ever gotten here is great. The service is also very good and the staff is always friendly.   always pleasant and smiling. Favorite thai food in the burgh! Yummmmmmmm!"  crab fried rice and Pad Thai were very good as was the seafood soup.  Service was awesome!" Talk to Lisa about what to order. She is a wonderful restrauntuer and a great lady."  but really not what I expected. The green curry is actually yellow curry We will definitely go back!" I have a family member who is Thai and prefers the Thai restaurant down the street  but I know that's highly debated here. I'll just say that it's one of the most reliable Thai places I've ever gone to and I'm happy to frequent it regularly."  prices have increased 70% and the quality of food have declined. Customer service is still superb though. Today  turn out to be a real surprise in the hands of this great Thai restaurant." Take out is great- usually 20-30 minutes. Packed up and waiting for you. It's byob so if you eat in grab a six pack!"  which makes it too expensive really to order ofter(would have been five stars if not for the outragious fees to order via wheel deliver). But the food was so dang good! So go in and takeout or sit down." "Great service and fantastic food. We were short on time coming in and I was fresh off a rough day of work and en route to a breastfeeding class with my wife.    After a failed first entry in an Italian joint that wasn't going to cut it in 45 minutes or allow me to be awake after  but it was a little overpriced for the servings that they were offering as well as the quality." We left completely satisfied and I would definitely recommend this place!" I ordered a 7 out of 10 and got back something milder than mild buffalo wing hot.  I think I ruined the food a little by adding my own mix of chilis.  My wife loved her curry  the fried tofu was a bit too oily.  they do a good job of estimating spice levels (by asking for a 1-10 preference).  the restaurant is nicely appointed with comfortable seating.  prices are OK.  veg friendly - we ordered vegan prep and all the dishes were compliant."  with tom kha soup but their other noodle dishes and curries are great too." The only negative thing about this place is that they are closed on Mondays." I now know not to eat green curry anywhere else! Did that recently on a trip to England and was bummed."  and I will definetly be back!"  wonderful service - will return often and recommend this restaurant to our friends and family." I'm sure I will be back again soon with a bottle of wine (BYOB) Service is always good and the food comes out well prepared and quickly. I keep wanting to try something new  we all proclaimed that this was the best decision we could have made with our night. Definitely one of the best Thai restaurants in the city!"  don't be afraid to try something you've never had before. As far as my decade of experience goes here  this is very yummy Thai food. I'm not sure that it will replace my usual go-to Thai spot I love love love this place and it's always a special treat to come to Bloomfield and eat at Thai cuisine."  and chicken satay. Eggplant was okay but lacked adequate quantities of shrimp. The veggie fried rice and chicken satay were both substandard as far as other Thai food restaurants in the area. It is pricier than most other Thai places in the area and based on the quality  clean rest rooms. You know the cute Asian girl on Modern Family? The little girl in the back is cuter. Go here! Delivery through Wheel Deliver." "I asked around Yelp to see what the best Pad Thai in the city was and a lot of people said Thai Cuisine. To my surprise I ended up moving a block away from the place. I go here once or twice a week to get the Pad Thai. Yeah  great food and a nice atmosphere. I would definitely seek this restaurant out on my next visit." "This is by far the best Thai food in Pittsburgh! My husband introduced me to Thai food a few years ago and ever since then I've been addicted to pad thai. :) Specifically Go get your noms on. :D" Great food.  Great service.  We dine here at least twice a month and love it. The Pad Thai and bamboo shoot curry are both amazing! I love that they have a spicy scale and you can choose your spice level on any dish.  nothing great.  The soup was spectacular despite it being extra spicy.  I got a 9 spiciness for the soup and entre.  For the entre it was perfect  fresh spring rolls and sticky black pudding "We landed here thanks to Yelp reviews. Great little place is like a hidden gem. Food was great and service was just fantastic. We plan to return soon. Portions are large and price is reasonable. We tried both appetizers and main dishes which turned out to be delicious. We tried chicken dumplings sxeuOMBRllOHXJTaUlI9kQ  it is BYOB with a cork (ing?) charge of $1.00. or however you say that...."  we asked the waitress what certain new ingredients are and they have always been very educated on the menu.  The server even enlightened us that the chef and cooks go to the strip district each week and compile all their ingredients.  We recommend any of their curry specials  the service is always consistent and wonderful and they are also BYOB. You can't beat it." My favorite Thai food place. I highly recommend ordering the daily specials--especially anything with duck. "Best thai cuisine in Pgh.  Thank god it's practically in my backyard!  Love the curries  I DID have the soup on several occasions and would rate it a solid B+. Ambiance is a B+ as well. Staff is always nice and it's easy to get a table. However love this place. Take out or dine in - always good. Like that it's BYOB. SO delicious and such a beautiful restaurant. And BYOB! Loved the pulled pork buns and the spicy noodle. Yum yum This place exceeded all expectation. Great customer service and outstanding quality food. Will go back whenever in town. My son goes to Pitt and took a friend there already. Highly recommend!  and I've been on an unofficial hunt to track down a similar version of the dish nearer to where I live. The hunt is now over! The portions here are a bit smaller for the higher price point "This is our favorite go-to place. I have not been disappointed by anything I have tried here. Love all of the curries. The pad Thai is the best I have tried anywhere the spiciness is from 0-10. go higher for the noodle dishes." I did not ask for a discount for the bad food nor did I throw a fit to the waitress "Excellent.  My wife and I had a great meal there last night.  Friendly staff and great food.  In fact the Pad Thai was so good This was gross and a waste of 28 dollars. My curry was a few strips of chicken and chunks of potatoes in a giant tub of milk. Thai gourmet a few blocks down is awesome...too bad they were closed. "Very good food ! Excellent customer service. Ordered the chicken pad thai and the chicken spicy noodle. Overall I'll eat at Thai Cuisine again if it's suggested by someone else but it won't be my first choice for a thai restaurant."  is so friendly and still remembers us from when we lived in the city many years ago. The ingredients are very fresh and the portions are just right. Try the pad see ew noodles or the lechee curry!"  and the peanut dressing had just the right amount of kick. The curry itself was absolutely delicious. Just the right amount of coconut Worst Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh. Ordered Gen. Tao's chicken and it tasted like sweet and sour. Wonton soup broth was so weak it was like slurping soggy noodles in tepid water. I'll never order from here again. Better to go to Thai Gourmet down the street.  and mango sticky rice to go. The hostess was very nice and our order was ready quickly. Everything we ordrred was absolutely delicious. We will definitely return next time we are in Pittsburgh!" P.S. If you're a crab rangoon junkie  and quick to refill your water glass. And the food is always top quality. My personal favorite is their Pad Thai. The ingredients are fresh "I got Pad Thai take out when I was in Pittsburgh on business and it was pretty good.  The portion was decent Great place for weekday lunch.  Best Pad Thai around.  and any of their soups. I've had them all and would recommend any of them. Most dishes can have tofu substituted in "Bumping up my stars because I have recently found out that they use a soy sauce in their sauces that is gluten free! Feast away Okay food.  Number of other guests is often zero - uncomfortable. This is my first Thai food restaurant I have eaten at in Pittsburgh and I love it! The Tom kha soup with vegetables is delicious and so is the butternut squash curry. The mango sticky rice is the best dessert!! Ok food...nothing great...many better Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh! "Really good Thai food.  Very friendly service and management.  Food is prepared promptly and is consistently good.  I wish that they DELIVERED!!  We eat their food often.  The decor leaves a lot to be desired Love the staff and LOVE the thai pad.  Yummy!  this isn't even a bad review. OMG but the food was just so average.I've been to better Thai restaurants in the past. The pad thai was not good and that's what it should be!! The curries were very rich with vegetables but again weren't delicious. I have nothing against this place  the pad see ewww had extra ewww.  I paid $53 for a meal none in my family could muster the strength to eat.  This is a poor excuse for Thai food and an even worse excuse for edible food.  Do not waste your time or money "Their signature dish is excellent!  I am always treated in a friendly manner and always made to feel welcome. Very attentive service I would definitely recommend! I have to admit I haven't tried a lot of items on their menu Would not go back anytime soon"  but the owner attendant's Seinfeld-esque rudeness lowers their rating to one star.  Not worth visiting despite its monopoly on Thai food in the area." Wish wasn't so pricy or I would go there much more for to-go!" "The negative reviews surprised me--I go here fairly often and my only complaint is that the prices are a bit steep. They have great green curry The place is definitely a good option for the price."  very friendly staff here.  I got the General Tso's (Thai style) chicken and it was great.   Got spring rolls for an appetizer and they were excellent. I'll definitely go back."  the soups are all very good. The wait staff are very friendly and pleasant. Food is out quick and delicious. I love going here."  call Thai House with your take-out order and it will be ready by the time you get to the restaurant. Take-out is usually ready in 10-15 minutes "Two things hit me when I walked in here.  The decor and the delicious smell.  First off the elaborate wood carvings and other ornate decorations really set the mood for a good meal.  Then there was the food itself.  It was actually pretty good Best thai I've ate in a long time. 3 stars only because the Pad See Ew was ok and I haven't tried the curries yet."  but I really really like the free soup that comes with lunch." Hubby loves this place...I however do not really care too much for it. The curries are too sweet and their stirfry's are always packed with too much cabbage! and I mean raw cabbage. I also don't understand how they expect us to eat dry stirfry with rice.  We eat here if hubby has serious thai food hankering and I have decided to stick with their noodles which are actually decent. I would recommend Thai house to anyone who loves Thai This is one of my favorite thai restaurants. Best pad thai in town. The food and service is always great and they have huge portions. I am a big fan of art and mainly oriental artwork and this place is full of it. The wood work in this place is unreal. Even if you do not like Thai and appreciate good artwork I would strongly recommend going into this restaurant and checking it out. "I lunch there a few weeks ago and enjoyed it so we decided to try dinner  last night.  We were impressed with the fast and attentive service Can't wait to go back. :)" "Went again this past weekend and it's official- I'm in love! Excellent Pad Thai  of the 2 places in Charlotte I have tried for thai I'm not sure if I'll go back to Thai House.  i will certainly look for an alternative next time I'm in town.  If I'm starved and can't find any other place  a little oversauced at times which I'm not a big fan of. The only problem I have with it is that they give you a huge bowl of curry with a small scoop of rice  $10 or less. Dinner dishes range from $12-14 and up  but I had the chicken soup to slurp on while I waited.  I ordered the chicken pad Thai along with an order of steamed spring rolls.  The spring rolls weren't like the typical ones I've gotten in other Thai restaurants.  They had tofu instead of shrimp and the wrapper wasn't the translucent rice wrapper other places use.  The spring rolls were OK  but the service was  unbelievably bad.  When the most impressive part of the dinner is the decor (rich & ethnic without the tackiness)... well My total bill came to just over $11 (which is more than I normally spend on lunch) but I definitely have enough food for 2 meals  the Rice Wine Saki too was good. Overall food is good and you can go there for a simple evening but don't expect anything special."  the curry was tasty.  No complaints but not extraordinary.  The bathroom was acceptable.  I got the pineapple curry and knockout roll- so good.  I ate till I popped."  just the details) they're yummy too! And their staffs are nice too. So it a great place to go when you want any Thai foods. :)" Tom Yum Soup 3.5 yelp stars.  Red Curry with Chicken 4.25 stars.  Mango with Sticky Rice for Dessert 2.90 stars."  a spring roll and a drink for usually under $10. Dinners can get a bit pricey. The duck panang is my fave thing on the menu. Its a solid curry dish with tender duck  breaded and deep fried. Not my #1 duck panang but it was my first so gotta give them credit for that. It is pretty good. The house salad makes for a great cheap lunch. Its $5.50 for fresh lettuce We all thought that the food was great. The service was good. Our server was attentive but at times was a bit slow to refill our drinks. Overall I would say I was pleased & that we will be returning there again." I might try to go back when there they are serving their full menu A great place for Thai foods! Awesome staffs and wicked foods ( wicked =awesome)! Went there yesterday and order curry duck dish ( dont know the name though) it was soo good! Prob one few best Thai restaurant in charlotte! :) Can't go wrong here if you've got a Thai craving."  you get veggies like broccoli with your meal. I think the tofu is better than the other protein here.I prefer going for lunch since dinner is about the same portion and costs significantly more. Gotta try the Knock Out Rolls which are an appetizer; fresh roll Nice decoration feels cool and the foods is ok  excellent atmosphere and great prices!!!!" "The menu is great. There are so many options to choose from. I love all of their rice dishes. The garlic and ginger chicken is yummy. The lard nar is really flavorful. I also tried their fried tilapia with vegetables and it was superb. The servers are so cute in their Thai outfits. They are really friendly as well. The prices are good I'm looking forward to frequenting this place for many a dinner visit to come. Lunch is next!" MjCCWbyZFErZldHUrZt5YA It is expensive for what is to offer. I would not recommend to visit second time. I don't pay such a high price for ambiance. Said that Best I've tasted in Charlotte thus far! "We have visited this place now couple of times. The folks are very cheerful here and the wooden sculpture of chain of elephants is cool. On our quest for finding places that offer vegetarian choices I have some friends who like this place and I've had good that was good but  nothing special here. Essentially for me  and wonderful iced Jasmin tea. I likey :)" The prices are reasonable for quality Thai food.  I've tasted much worse in NYC but dishes were less than $10.  Appears they have two other locations in the Charlotte area  but can still find a few decent dishes for just under $10.  I wouldn't plan to go out of my way for this So base on my experience last night; I have concluded that I will NEVER go here again nor will I even bother to order take out from this place. Bangkok Ocha down the street is so much better!"  Delicious Thai Food. I am picky when it comes to Thai food but this place is awesome. I highly recommend it." I got take out from here today for lunch and it was ok.  Portion size was good but I'd prefer to go to pei-wei. Their food is a lot bettee plus thai house messed up my order. I have never been disappointed."  the quality of food has declined. Not just the entrees -- even the previously CRAZY GOOD dipping sauce for spring rolls has declined.  My heart is still with them  even when I asked for extra peanuts. I ate it just because I was hungry. The decor in the restaurant was nice though. Just wish the food was better" "The food is good and it comes out fast. the turn around here is great if you have somewhere you need to be after dinner but a little too much if you would like to hang out a little and take your time with dinner. But They are quick serving and are a great lunch spot option!" Great food for the price.  I enjoyed their vegetarian options especially the pad Thai. Love the inside. Great service as well. Perhaps the main chef was not working on the weekday night I was there. Not likely to try again though." It's Valentines Day. All I have to say is the service was pretty horrendous and food was subpar(Pad Thai tasted like ketchup?! And my husbands roasted chicken was frozen in the inside but cooked through?! I don't know how these things happen....) But the mints were good. *prepacked mints* First time going and I loved it! Will go again soon. Only complaint was they got our duck orders on medium heat when they were supposed to be mild. But I still liked it  I emphasized I wanted MILD curry since spicy food has given me horrible heartburn during pregnancy. But "Amazing food and a beautiful atmosphere! I got a delicious coconut dish that tasted like heaven. The sweet tea tastes like green jasmine tea which is a nice new flavor and goes well with the cuisine. However it was really really sweet and they kept refilling our glasses without asking Atmosphere was very nice with the soft Thai music. It was easy to hold a conversation at the table.The portions were good size and we were stuffed when finished.  The service was really good and we will be back but next time I think I'll try something less sweet!" Super delicious food!!!  Love this place!  peeled to the tail.  The chicken panang curry was flavorful and spicy withou adding spices.  I tried Chang beer instead of my usual Singha...not as good IMHO Absolutely love this place. Great service and the yellow chicken curry is perfect every time. We love their fried strips of chicken to dip in curry sauce. Duck is amazing and the pat-see-yew is always good Ordered again today- even worse than my first lunch. My chicken pad thai tasted too sweet. Another yelp'ers description of it tasting like ketchup is not far off.  The noodles were overcooked and mushy. The spring roll is slightly burnt and the chicken rubbery. To top it all off  and friendly service. Coconut curry shrimp was outstanding. Go. Go now." The service is even better than the food. They are always prompt and friendly. Most times I am surprised at how fast the food comes out. After going here a while they treat you like family. I would definitely recommend it to others!" If you like Thai then I strongly recommend this place." Excellent food. Love love love!! Definitely give this place a try. Quick service and oh so yummy :)) I thought the food was great. We've tried a few different meals. My wife does not enjoy very spicy food and the mild versions suit her fine. I do like my food spicy and if I had one complaint it's that I wouldn't mind if the spicy dishes were a little hotter than what I've experienced so far. The food has great flavors and think it is spot on." "Food is super tasty!  Delicious flavors and textures.  Just the right amount of sauces and curries per dish.  I ordered the Vegetarian Yellow Curry  the Thai ice tea and the mango with sticky rice for dessert. If I decide to eat here again I really need to review my reviews and order nothing but the Thai ice tea and the mango and sticky rice." Overall great place and certain dishes I would say rival the best Thai places we have eaten at in NYC and DC (where we have previously lived....)" I'm going to miss this place when I have to fly home." Food is nothing special. Had better Thai food elsewhere." "I've been coming here for years. The prices are fair We ordered Tom Kha Gah (soup) and Drunken noodle. The drunken noodle wasn't spicy at all and the soup didn't have any Thai curry in it (it was completely white with no orange tint). Disappointing because we were looking for a good Thai place in Charlotte. The atmosphere was nice but the food was just okay. Very little chicken in both the soup and the Drunken Noodle. Pad Thai is a little too sweet for my liking. I've tried pad Thai at numerous locations throughout the U.S. and I have to say it didn't taste bad but it wasn't my favorite either. The waitress was hovering so I felt like I needed to make a quick decision. The spring roll that came with my meal was cold. Overall not a bad experience but I've had better. This is the same place as Thai House in Tower Place. I'm posting my review there. Great find!  and it was about as good as we've had in our favorite places in So. California. You want good Thai and a great authentic atmosphere- come eat here!"  but this location is slightly cluttered and the tum yum soup wasn't as spicy and tasty as the university location. Still great though!!! I will be back :)" The beef Satay appetizer was excellent. I could have ordered more and made a meal of just that."  pleasant and attentive staff. Will be going again very soon! This place doesn't need a whole lot of embellishment The food is excellent and the staff is hit or miss." "My family and I are truly fans we have drove by at least a million times and have never stopped.. Well when we did it was awesome!!! basil fried rice Yummmmm The Pad Thai itself was really disappointing. The noodles were so over-cooked that they were falling apart into tiny pieces. There was also something in the dish was that gave it a dominating burned flavor. I ate about a third of it and threw the rest away. Overall I love this place! The Pad Thai is amazing but you HAVE to order it with the BROWN sauce..not that red sauce (it's not very good this way.) I like mine just a little spicy at one star but it's perfect every time!! If you were turned off by the Pad Thai...try it this way!! And everything else I've tried from there is great too!!  They were outstanding. All the tastes were unique. Perfect of course not. We needed bigger spoons to get the sauce onto the rice. The fried tofu was a little bland. Otherwise the food was good. The service was just right. (I hate it when the new waiter at Applebees asks you 9 times mid bite how your burger is) The ambiance is more than pleasant. Thai House is a great stop on a weeknight when you want Thai food and a bit of a treat. Overall It's a decent restaurant with some delicate decoration. Dined in twice and both were pretty good. Helpful server with abundant food knowledge. Recommend to anyone who likes Thai. "In response to Frank J's first sentence.  I really don't want the place to fail - It has been our secret fall back place.  When all else fails this place is consistently good! Charlotte is so lacking in Asian culture and food.  The last best Chinese restaurant was Dynasty out in Stallings area.  They were forced to close 2 years ago because they couldn't find decent kitchen and dining room help. Whats my point?  I don't want these folks to get so busy they can't keep up with demand "Good food. Very bad service. Waited 45 minutes for someone to take our order. Ignored many times. It was like we weren't there. Oh Love this place. My family has been going here for the past several years. My kids love it. They love the Thai House Soup as an appetizer. My wife and I always get Thai Iced Tea. Fried Rice is amazing. Always cooked perfectly. I have not had a Main Dish that I wasn't happy with. Decor is beautiful inside. Lots of ornate wood carvings. Staff is also great. Most I assume are native to Thailand. This is by far my favorite Thai restaurant!! They have the best spring rolls and the best Pad Thai. The service is excellent and always consistent. I can never get enough of the jasmine tea!!  we always try to plan to eat here."  he had no clue and asked the chef. Turns out it was eggplant. I wish they would make better descriptions. Plus side to this restaurant is that there is hot sauce on every table."  what a GREAT CHOICE! i now have a new favorite Thai restaurant!" Best Thai food in Charlotte and the prices are unbeatable. The interior is nice and relaxing. I order to go a lot too and my order is perfect every time. Been coming to this place for years now with my family and we never leave disappointed. It's always been great experience and consistent with their food. Their staff are very attentive and always make you feel welcome and you can also feel their culture as well. Nice restaurant and very friendly staff."  hard to find thai food as good as in Thailand but for Charlotte this is very good. Reasonable lunch prices and great thai tea :)" My favorite place of all time!! Great price for lunch specials!! My favorite dish here is red curry. Yum!  but this was my last visit. I just find the food to be so-so. There's better Thai in Charlotte. The plus is that lunch is cheap. For $8 "Below average and I will not return. The shrimp in two dishes did not taste fresh and were not deveined. I got 4 items: knock out rolls made with shrimp (instead of tofu) (shrimp not good)  pad Thai had a weird ketchup-y aftertaste. Soup served with lunch specials was not vegetarian (NBD   maybe try to come at lunch and enjoy some of the specials!" "Had couples dance lessons across the street great idea to give this place a try. I was VERY impressed. Service and food great. I am not a super big curry person but I will be now. I had a very common dish. Can't remember the name.  It had noodles and bean sprouts Wow what a difference a few months make.   Like many successful restaurants this one too - tanks.  Food quality takes a dive. Bummer I thought they were doing so well. It was one of our fallback places. When all else fails this place was so reliable.  Not anymore I guess. A little light on the veggies in the masaman which is why it wasn't a perfect review" "Tonight we ordered take-out... my husband ordered- veggie red curry and I ordered Massaman curry with chicken (substituted potatoes with more veggies). Both of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals! My Massaman curry had just the right amount of sweet and spicy! My husband said the smoky spicy balance was just right in his red curry as well. Neither one of us are big rice eaters (watching our carbs) but we both continued to eat rice with sauce I am so happy for the existence of this place. This is my favorite charlotte thai food restaurant. The curry fried rice and basil fried rice were on point. Spice level was just right and hot the spot. Staff was friendly and very warm. Loved the crispy spring rolls too. Decor is so pretty can't wait to come back Again I love this place! (Did I mention the soup?) Enjoy!"  overall decent. Papaya salad was fantastic and so was the mango sticky rice."  attentive.  Carved woodwork decor is one of a kind." DReLu6HuFOm4p-jYZpgQkw  soup of the day and iced tea.  The menu rotates so some of the dishes aren't always available but the traditional noodle dishes are always on there.  I really like their house noodle (kind of a mix between Pud Thai and Pud See Ew).  They also have good curry rice dishes.  Their ingredients are really fresh and the noodles are some of the best I've had from a Thai restaurant.  Lunch on Wednesday is always really crowded (I believe it's because of the hot and sour soup served that day only) so get there before after the lunch rush to avoid a long wait for a table!  4 stars because they could use some more staff on hand otherwise I'd give them a 5!"  atmosphere is fairly basic and quiet and the food is excellent!  To-date this is my favorite Thai place in Charlotte and I highly recommend you give it a try." "This is probably a better place for lunch than dinner.  The lunch menu is reasonably priced and has eight traditional Thai dishes a day  quick service and a better wine list than I expected. Their pad thai is delicious and you an modify it to if you want it spicy or not. If you're looking for a good quality thai place where you don't feel rushed to eat My advice is DON'T GO!" "I've been here for take out and sit down lunches and have been impressed both times. I was pleasantly surprised on my recent lunch trip The service is quick and efficient and they definitely know how to turn those tables around during lunch time! While it's not my favorite Thai food in Charlotte f9WqdqHuZtwg41HDLSKaPA  and tea when you eat in.  All for 7.95. So worth it.  I dont even have to order anymore.  I go so often they dont even give me a menu!  One server is much better than the rest  Always crowded during lunch time. Food is good but I don't like waiting for 20 mins plus for lunch. I would prefer the Thai House across the street.  the dishes were flavorless. They warned me that the red curry was hot when I ordered it on the phone. Couldn't be further from the truth. The food was well cooked Really good food. Excellent friendly service. The staff were sincere attentive and kind. I ordered the Ga Prow aka Ka Prow Chicken. It was flavorful and spicy with fresh vegetables and basil. The lemongrass soup had fresh veggies and mushrooms. It was also very flavorful and delicious.  & your entree dish. They offer a different soup every day of the week. There is something to be said about friendly service and this place has it! To walk in and be greeted by name is a nice feeling. Because of my job Stopped by today while on business.  Place was empty.  Service was above average and food was very good.  Try the beef salad; fresh and very good.  and scallops. I took away a star because they're a bit too pricey still Definitely will be back for lunch again soon. This city has so many Thai options and I'm happy Bangkok Ocha is one of them! Cheers!"  suggest input from Thai posers and dabblers rather than addicts.  I am the later." These guys have the best scallops I've tasted in a landlocked area! I don't know how they do it. House Noodles with Scallops is a must try!! The only recommendation I have is to reflect the amazing spice and flavor of the food onto the design of the restaurant. I love hole-in-the-wall restaurants as much as anybody "We have a group from the office that frequent Bangkok a couple of times a month. It's great food  they are always delicious. I can literally say there are days that I sit at my desk at work just imagining going to Bangkok Ocha. It is literally THAT GOOD."  which were flavorless & I ordered the pad thai w  chicken. It didn't even taste like pad thai. No flavor. I will not be coming back here." "I have not been to Bangkok Ocha in quite a while... but came to have lunch with my sister here the other day.  We both decided to get the chicken Pad Thai on this visit.  I ordered mine with a spicy level of 3..it was good  but they sat us right away and we were able to eat a great meal.  We chose to share mulitple dishes -pad Thai (love it)  but I'm not in a hurry." Nice atmosphere. Soft music and no televisions. A lot of food for the price. Pad thai was kind of bland. Good spring rools and thai iced tea. Attentive staff. I shall visit again when I am in North Carolina :)" For those of you looking for an authentic or even great taste thai food Give this place a try you won't regret it. The house noodle dish is fantastic." Staff is very friendly. We sat by the window. We ordered the tom yum soup with chicken as an appetizer and it was very flavorful. I got the Pad Kee Mao with chicken. This is a dish I always get at thai restaurants. It was good and fresh. I got the spiciest and it wasn't that hot for me so I added some chili paste to it. Boyfriend got curry and he liked it. I will definitely come back. My kids and I eat here every time we get a chance. The spice is perfect and the curries are spot on and delicious. We skip around the menu each time and have never been disappointed. My husband and I frequent this spot for lunch and have always enjoyed it. The service is very friendly and attentive. The price is a great value. Today I had the #1 lunch special (coconut milk with red curry and chicken) and it was DELICIOUS. I'm sure I'll return next week and have the same. f9WqdqHuZtwg41HDLSKaPA  can get in and out for lunch well within an hour. The Thai dishes are the usual suspects... The red curry could have used a little more time to thicken but not too runny. Overall a decent place BUT make the trip a little further down towards Ballantyne and goto Bahn Thai! Great place!!!"  even though I don't eat salt. It didn't get any better with salt. Meat entre had more flavor. The soup included with lunch tasted like egg drop soup with bits of canned  creamed corn floating in it."   so fast. The food was not great.  I ordered #23- Gaeng Panang curry. I ordered it with chicken. I was greatly disappointed when it arrived. It was barely spicy Was told by the owner they don't take shortcuts on their food.  And it shows.  I've been several times trying something new every time I visit. And they have never let me down.  The food has so much flavor and is just the right amount of spice.  I always get an extra spring roll because it's delicious.  The restaurant is small and private but a bit dark. Which is nice for a quiet meal.  Lunch portions are a good size. "Been coming here for 15 yrs. We love the food and wonderful couple who run the place. Consistently good and spice levels are perfect. Don't miss the Thai Iced Tea The staff is also very friendly.  The only downfall is that they close between 2pm and 5pm.  So this place is not ideal for a late lunch.  Other than that... this place is awesome."  I always get to go and it is always SO GOOD and the portions are very generous. My fianc gets the pineapple chicken fried rice and I get pud won sew? It's a bean noodle dish and to die for! Mom&pop owned super sweet couple." "The staff is very nice and personable. We used to go all the time and they recognize us and ask about family.  Quick service "This is the worst Thai food I have ever had.  Ordered take out for the first time last night and my ""duck"" was all fatty skin.   The vegetables seemed to have been over cooked for days and for 60 bucks I could have had a much better dinner else where." "Hidden away next to the flower section and Starbucks at Harris Teeter lies this little Chinese-Thai gem. The owners are very friendly and the food is just as good as any authentic Chinese Thai takeout place.  Sesame beef and Lo Mein is a favorite of ours. You can place your order to go before you do your grocery shopping  this great ""take-out"" restaurant is inside the Harris-Teeter @ the Arboretum Shopping Ctr. Having lived in San Francisco for four years  but I can't even walk into this Harris Teeter without some hot red curry coming home with me.  It's also really reasonable. There are a few tables if you want to sit inside of the HT." I sometimes place an order for take out while I am shopping and they get the food prepared pretty quickly.  They have great Chinese and Thai dishes!"  and sauces are bland. The owners are usually pretty nice when I go. The only reason I will come here is really for the convenience factor of it being in Harris Teeter. Other than that  Chi Thai will be an easy choice for quick takeout."  we decided to check Chi Thai out. We ordered and were told it would be about 15 minutes. We killed some time by buying some groceries. My wife and I both got the Pad Thai with Beef. The price surprised me as a little expensive ($9.95) but that was before I realized how much it was. I ate Pad Thai for three straight meals. So it's actually a pretty  good deal. It is much better than the other thai place we tried. I will look forward to going back and trying more." jm2VltGSjXCX6Da27Y-Ndw Fantastic food.  The Chinese here is some if the best in the region and amazing fresh all made to order not pre cooked like most places. Precooked noodles in Ragu like sauce.  I got the Thai food (Phod Thai).  Don't do it!  There was a sprinkling of vegetables and not much else.  I asked for extra lime and onion and they gave me a tiny end of a lemon (not a lime) and no extra onions. "I'm new to the area and have been looking for good chinese delivery or takeout. The food was so delicious and fresh I don't even mind they don't deliver. I ordered general Tso chicken Service is friendly and efficient." "I tried this take out restaurant tonight based on the recommendation of a coworker. My boyfriend has been searching for quality Chinese food in the area. Chi Thai definitely delivers  I would've passed this place by like a in house fast food joint.. boy would that have been an incorrect assumption! Flavor and freshness! Great customer service and interaction when they even bowed to my request of changing the type of curry I wanted in my dish! I ordered the vegetarian Kang Dang. On the menu it is described as "The food here isn't anything close to the Thai food I'm familiar with. If you fancy a semi decent Thai dinner  man is this takeout good! Good quality and the sauces have so much flavor." No complaints at all." "For a ""hole in the wall of a Harris Teeter"" restaurant this place is amazing.  We had been searching for a good Chinese restaurant for the last 8 years in South Charlotte.   Finally found it.  Who would have thought to look inside Harris Teeter?   Had some Thai veggie soup  tasty and never disappointed. Have eaten here for 16 years and will return again and again."  always leaves me full! The staff are friendly and they smile a lot. I always try to leave a tip for them because I appreciate them being so nice! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for some really good Chinese Thia food to eat!" 3lHBRYjfaMTZeWuQs9vvQw  the food lacks the depths of flavors that is present in authentic Thai food. I have lived close enough to Thailand to know what's good and what's not. This Lesson learned: even Thai food isn't always a safe choice."  but plus 1 star for being sooo cheap and sooo fast and sooo close to everything on campus!"  and covered in a litre of sauce/broth. WTF? the tables and chairs in this place also seem sticky... covered in some weird nasty film. in summary If they delivered...I would have lived on this stuff in college."  potatoes do not count. They're not green. Even some basil in this so-called  ""basil thai"" restaurant would have been nice. Curry is hard to mess up because it has such strong flavor. However  served hot and promptly.  I haven't shopped the whole menu Great place for a quick bite.  The mango sticky rice was terrific.  there are better sit-down thai restaurants in town. They have a ""free meal deal"" if you use cash for 10 meals and the 11th is free." I would eat here about 3 times/week when I was in business school.  I miss Basil Thai:(" Say it with me now: Blaaaaaaaaaand. "I usually come here for lunch with some of my lab mates since it's pretty close. I've always ordered Pad Thai i had the kowtom soup when it was snowing (too much) for me and it was DELICIOUS!!!!!!  i burned my tongue eating it but i couldn't stop myself :).  that is the only thing i order whenever i go there.  and the greatest thing about nitaya thai is that a friend of mine now likes pad thai (not an adventurous eater).  yay!  not as good as Thara Thai's but better than Basil Thai's (if you can even call their dish ""chicken""). Nitaya's chicken is a bit on the dry side I loved me some Nitaya.  I'll be back. :)"  can we make the food a bit more exciting next time?"  the Pad See Ewe was kind of really good and at the perfect level of spiciness."  but I guess all of downtown is kinda like that." "Nitaya Thai is a good Thai restaurant. The serving staff is always incredibly friendly but the food is sort of average at best. The portions were reasonably sized but the price seemed a bit higher than some of the other places in town. However  as are the spring rolls and chicken satay. I find the portions to be more than enough and the pricing reasonable. Go trya Nitaya!"  Nothing about this place justifies the excessive prices (though the dope mural outside comes close). The quality of the food is about on par with or slightly higher than Thara Thai I'd probably give this joint four stars if not for the outrageously inflated prices and the fact that although they are listed as a delivery restaurant they never have had a driver when I try to order from work."  and they used that granulated garlic that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth for two hours. We won't be going back!"  Nitaya Thai could serve as an appropriate setting.  The interior decor is immediately recognizable as an oh-so-camp Wanted Thai while on Champaign for work. Tried this place and it was good but very small portions. So much so that I had to get taco bell fourth meal 3 hours later.  this stuff was HAWT. I couldn't even enjoy any pad kee mao flavors beneath that level of hotness. Whew. I eventually got used to how hot it was but the food tasted just ok to me. It wasn't really bad but it just wasn't great either. I did however enjoy the ambience and the comfy booths."  and our food was excellent.  I had the Pineapple Chicken Curry and my wife had a Modified Number 77.  We had potstickers for an appetizer and sticky rice and Mango for dessert.  The only slight complaint was that the decor was slightly dated There is free parking on the weekends in the big parking structure behind the restaurant."  could have lived with that.  Green curry arrived with hair in both the rice and the curry dish.  The hair was long and black sticking out of the mound of rice on the plate.  When the replacement rice came back from the kitchen  make it right when it's brought to your attention. They didn't do that or even try. I will never be back." "Good authentic Thai food.  My only issue is that the portions could be a little bit bigger.  I ordered the Pad-see-ew and was glad the chicken resembled chicken.  The noodles were coated with the correct amount of sauce If only I'd written this review so much sooner *smh* soooo yummy" "Good food but they need to be more consistent. In fact The place doesn't appear to be very clean and the restrooms are a hike from the table and kind of sketchy but the staff are very nice and attentive.  Food is good too." found a bug in my rice... I mean to say its a fine dining restaurant and not a fast food one. If you are prepared to be treated like that Don't judge a book by its cover!  Reasonably priced & great food! I wish they had Mee krob with the red sweet & sour sauce. I can't find this dish anywhere in C-U!!"  it is my top in Champaign.  I can imagine that better exists (that mythical 5 stars) Had a lunch special and spring roll for appetizer. Forgot the name of the lunch special. It was a stir-fried meat and vegetable dish with rice. It was too oily for me. The spring roll was awful-the skin of the roll was hard and the sauce didn't taste good. Thank to the lunch special the price was not expensive. But I think I'll never visit this restaurant again.  yet the server didn't even try to be attentive. We had to approach her to ask for whatever we needed. Kind of annoying. Besides that "Nitaya Thai never disappoints! It was the first place I had Thai. I have tried every other Thai place in town and I always am disappointed or wish I had gone to Nitaya instead! The crab Rangoon is amazing. I love the chicken satay with an amazing peanut sauce  and the overly spiced curries. If you feel like a restaurant without that ambient atmosphere Some of the best Thai Food I have had in a long time.  They have the best Pad Thai in town.  I have lived and traveled to Thailand and can say that this place has the most authentic Thai Food in town.  If you are looking for real Thai food go here! Ordered mock duck curry and mussamun curry. Very disappointed. Both Seemed very oily and extremely watery. The consistency of the curry was just not there. Potato in the curry tasted like it was canned. No authentic Thai flavors. Bland and tasteless. No taste of herbs or coconut milk. Have tried some of their noodles before which is good. Will probably give one more chance.  and don't have much to spend this is your spot." I won't be back. This was the worst Thai food I've ever had! They used canned mango for my mango and sticky rice dessert. The chicken stays were microwaved. This experience was very disappointing. I'm giving it two stars instead of one star because the older gentleman server was nice. The older woman who started to serve me was not very nice at all.  but I would have liked to have a larger portion.  The thai iced tea was delicious!  My friends' dishes looked delicious as well.  Service was pretty slow...the restaurant wasn't full but there were several tables seated.  They didn't seem to have many servers working.  I felt like it was a little expensive for what I got.  Overall This is a really low key out of the way Thai joint with delicious chicken pad Thai! The price is a little high but the dish is worth it and you can call ahead for pick up so you don't have to wait. Excellent Red Curry tonight with just the right amount of spiciness and a dash of the sweet and tangy Thai basil.  The Tom Kha Kai soup was very good as well - my wife and I split a small size for the perfect appetizer. Food: I felt both soup and curry to be very watery. The flavors were good but I expected that since the soup had coconut milk it would be creamier not like a broth. The curry was good a lot of curry not a lot of shrimp. But again the flavors of not the consistency were in point. Since I have not tasted a different type of Thai food I don't have a comparison point." DONT EAT HERE unless you want a two month ordeal for fraud charges."  reporting her to the health department. Can I report her to the police too for verbal assault? Haha."  so have no personal experience with dining in or delivery. The prices are in line with other thai places around the area No complaints and if you want great thai food...go here"  and also get to choose the level of spiciness there. I think I'll just do that next time." "The Wild Thaiger is one of my new favorite places.  Every dish I've tried as been excellent.  They accomodated with some grace a friend with food allergies and were polite -- too polite -- in serving me as I (unknowingly) arrived just at closing.  The peanut sauce on the satay is amazing.  Pad Thai is a standby at a Thai place "I actually like this place. I find the mood to be nice and the lighting just right. The food is well prepared and the alcoholic drinks are fantastic. Martinis! My one complaint....they need to add some more vegetarian dishes.  I find myself ordering this great appetizer every time I go there because it's the only thing with tofu on it. Anyways  and she even brought my co-worker toasted coconut ice cream in a coconut dish with a candle. How sweet!"  I don't know why I ever would unless I was forced through a work trip. Especially with how bland the food is for a Thai restaurant. I prefer Thai food that lights me up like a Christmas tree." "I like this place. Although it gets really busy around noon. My favorite dish is gapraogui. I love how the kitchen is visable Note:  METRO Lightrail construction has impacted this restaurant and you need to follow construction signs carefully to navigate the street and driveway to Wild Thaiger.  Drive slow  which is a good sign.  My tom yum soup and spicy basil chicken were right on the mark.  I think this would be a great carry out place and from all the sacks lined up No spice. No life. No business from me." I'll go again. Try new things. But only after I do the Rosary."  I was somewhat surprised that it was not the same tremendous experience I had remembered at lunch so long ago. Perhaps they are slipping I'm only sorry they have had such a time with the construction outside their door.  a nice place doesn't deserve that hassle."  busy despite being smack in the middle of the light rail cluster fuch on central - they must be doing something right!"  has more stew-like cuts of almost-braised beef. Also a real winner were the spicy clear/glass noodles with vegetables and chicken. And lest I forgot alcohol - the crowning glory of any meal - the specialty drinks offered seemed like they would be too sweet or weak  spicy.  We had it for take out and it survived the trip home fine.  I now need to go back and try some other dishes just to make sure it wasn't just a freak occurrence."  but I've had better.  I commend Wild Thaiger and their people for surviving the onslaught of light rail construction that no doubt crippled their business.  Based on what we've seen "We went back here this past Saturday night with a friend from out of town and liked it just as much as we did when we tried it a few months ago. My Cosmopolitan was just as big and tasty as it was last time  but not horrible.  And for around $10 each they were pretty good sized portions.  I could see myself ordering take out again or actually dining in for a casual meal."  how I have escaped never trying one is beyond me. Their over all menu is a bit limited and is kept to the basics but what they do have is done well."  and the food choices are unlike that I've seen at two other Thai restaurants I've eaten at recently. Their Thai Iced Tea has to be some of the best I've tasted thus far. Its typically quiet which was perfect for girl's day out and chatting." For dessert the coconut ice cream sprinkled with peanuts is a great ending. It is open Sundays which is rare downtown."  which was just fabulous.  I gave this place a 3/5 because the Tom Ka Gai soup and Holy Basil were VERY good.  I am however disappointed in the green curry  manager??) should have at least come out to explain/apologize for their issues. Don't think I'll go back to dine in - ever."  so I thought I'd take him somewhere he couldn't go otherwise. Bad choice. We ordered the peanut chicken and it tasted more like peanut butter chicken. It was overpowering "When back twice and the service was excellent both times and the pad thai is still pretty tasty I'm still craving Thai...and looking for a great place in Central Phoenix.  Any other suggestions or should I give this place another chance?" Phoenix Yelpers- any other awesome Thai places to try??"  I have kin who works here... so that's another incentive for you to step in."  and the only reason I don't go 5 stars is the very slow (but friendly) service.  Plan to wait at least 5 minutes to be greeted by your server and once the food is finally served...your on your own." If you're riding the rail and are in the mood for some thai  it's a Thai bar as well. They offer many Asian beers and Indochina-themed cocktails. They have seating indoors and out with a patio view of Central Avenue. The restaurant can be a bit easy to miss  but Wild Thaiger serves up tongue tingling food at fair prices in an attractive interior space.  They've stepped up  with only 1 table on the patio brave enough to weather the 100 degree heat.  Server was very friendly and attentive.  NA beverages were always kept full and she was all over refilling our glasses from the bottle of wine that had been ordered.  Big bonus points for the kitchen design.  It will not blow you away with tons of polished stainless steel and creative wall decor "Flavorful dishes and Martini Mondays!  That makes me f-cking estatic!  The Thai waitress is not that friendly "I've been here about a dozen times now and I have never written a review.... but I could write a super review for each of those times.  Tonight I was on my own so I got galee gai and sticky rice to go.  The galee gai is a spicy yellow curry - similar to masaman curry but spicier.  Now  I had to order something from the house specials section.  I decided on the Jungle Love (insert 70s funk music here).  A dish of primarily ""exotic"" vegetables and thin sliced wild boar in a very spicy red broth.  It was superb.  The boar  but I enjoyed the food and would go again. I went with two friends and we all enjoyed our meals. The vegetarian selection on the menu is limited  and they've got a lot of great menu items to choose from. It seems like it would be a great place for dinner and  my brother mentioned he has been there for dinner and wants to take us there to try it.  We beat him to this place.  Now  which makes it much easier for a Chandler girl to get to - no worries about traffic or parking."  when we finally went were were pleasantly surprised!  The food was well prepared and there was a nice variety of items on the menu.  They even had my favorite desert  or take the light rail. This is a great place." Good Pad Thai. Cold Singha beer. I order the same stuff every Thai restaurant. Coconut Ice Cream is good...ate at the bar....they let me have the remote to the TV too....perfect.  and their desserts are good too.  I recommend the thai custard." Wifey and I hit the Wild Thaiger up after a trip to the Phx Museum of Art. great choice. Friendly service and modern decor. The food was excellent. Phoenix is lucky to have this place. "I met someone here for dinner one night... They have the best Pad See Ue (sp?) that I have ever tasted. They sprinkle fried garlic over it and I love the burst of garlic every time I bite into one. Service was decent and the wait staff was very attentive. We had papaya salad "Great food and generally good service. Lunch time can turn into a loong wait  how I love thee.  Nom."  this time was much better! Able to relax and enjoy it! Had kimow chicken and must warn  so I was able to dine in peace.  Ordered the tofu green curry and the fried banana and coconut ice cream for dessert.  I found the portion of the entree to be very skimpy for the price I have never had a bad meal or experience here."  the world where my carnivorous family and my vegetarian girlfriend and I can truly dine together in peace. They have numerous appetizers and dishes which are strictly vegetarian  it is the best Thai food I have experienced in Phoenix.  They have plenty of vegetarian options and I have ordered just about all of them Great food and wonderful service. Nice change from other Thai restaurants in Tempe I was surprised at how good this place was. A friend and I went on a whim and the crowd inside was a lot older (60's-70's) and mostly just drinking. We ordered the Tom Kai Gai and I have to say it was the best I've ever had in Arizona. It was spicy but extremely flavorful the consistency of the rice was gloriously sticky.We also tried the hot teas I ordered the Gunpowder Temple of Heaven and she got the Lemon Souffle` and both were beautifully prepared and flavored. The Pad Thai and Panang were both spiced to perfection and the service was great and our waitress was so friendly and helpful I wanted to come back the very next day. They also work with you on how spicy you want your dishes so if you prefer an extra kick just ask but I'd recommend trying the dishes how they prepare them first since I like spice and thought they did a great job of making the dishes spicy but not to the point where the spice overpowers the dish. If you're not gluten-free - FOR SURE GO HERE FOR THAI! It's amazing. If you are To sum it up folks... if you are in the area and you want a REAL Thai dish with plenty of kick hit up Thai Hut on McDowell and 1st St. Amazing food served by the people that invented the stuff  we chose to try the Wild Thaiger. We started the meal off with the corn fritters. They were crispy and delicious and had a yummy cucumber chutney with them. For my entree "I have been to the Wild Thaiger several times and I decided I should write a review because it is such a great restaurant. I went for lunch this time and the service was great. Although it was slightly loud Oh also the staff is awesome. Not only are the waitresses EXTREMELY attractive but also very nice and always remembered our big gang of fools." I am hopping mad.  Ordered take out at 7:15 and was told to give them 35 minutes.  Showed up after 45 minutes and was told it would be ANOTHER 40 minutes because they had to take care of customers in the restaurant first.  WHAT?  You can't take care of takeout and dining customers?  WHAT?  You don't bother to call the customer to tell her you aren't going to get the food done?  This is outrageous.  They didn't even offer an apology or some sort of concession.  Acted like it was normal!!!  Wild Thaiger is off my list forever.  Customer service at it's WORST!  I can say I have had better but it is a worthy option when seeking a quick Thai fix. Still craving a good curry I guess I know what I will be making at home this weekend. Or maybe I will try Thai Hut." Food was alright. Service was the worst I have ever experienced. I took almost two hours for us to receive our food. I haven't and will not go back. THAI HUT IS MUCH BETTER/CHEAPER/BETTER SERVICE!!  i have to say i love this restaurant when i'm in the mood for thai."  and C) the wait staff is really friendly.  I've never had bad service here  there was a four person table cleared. I asked for the table and she got someone to clean it for us. The place was busy and noisy.  The menu was limited and average priced for most items. I craved noodles so ordered the Pad-Seiw. The noodles were alright. Somehow seems like there should be basil in the dish and not a bunch of cauliflower. The hubby had the bbq chicken with coconut rice.  Later our server later came back to tell us that they were going to charge us 5 dollars for bringing our own cake. Nice how that was not mentioned on the phone or when she first took the cake to the fridge for us.  So sadly we will not be returning. Thai Rama has much better food and service." KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg 3MSa_fdxgsaY9yF9vqmeUg "I haven't been in a while but I remember being impressed.  Nice ambiance  everything was just great.  Went for lunch and got 2 great meals off the lunch menu and our total bill was $20...can't beat that.  The iced tea was a little different but in a good way - I think it was a green tea iced tea.  Very impressed "It was fine.  A fine thai meal to have before a rock show downtown.  Would I go again if I were in Phoenix Wild Thaiger was very cozy and inviting. This was my first time eating Thai food so I was looking to have a great experience unfortunately the service or lack there of almost ruined it for me. They were not very busy but it took about 10 minutes for the hostess to seat us. The server took another 15 minutes to take our drink order. The Thai iced tea was really different but very good. We ordered some chicken egg rolls and when they finally came or they were amazing! Our main dishes took forever to come out and it was just ok. I think I like Thai food.but I will not be returning here. "This place is really our favorite Thai restaurant in Phoenix area by far. The corn fritter appetizer is so yummy and I love their pad thai  and this definitely is in the top 3.  The food is great as was the service and it has a cozy patio if you enjoy eating outside or are a smoker.  The price was also reasonable.   They do serve alcohol  and the Panang had just the right amount of spice.  One of my main complaints with the local Thai eateries is that they generally do not provide much spicy kick  they were slammed but the waitress was still very attentive.  We ordered pad thai Check out the places I mention above."  I'd rather blow my tastebuds out of the park with a mindful chef who prepares her curries and sauces with finesse and grace.  Yum to the freakin' yum."  a good place to remember on North Central."  I have waited for the day that a Thai restaurant somewhere else approached the delicate blend of flavors of those first tastes. It happened at Wild Thaiger. The soup and the curry were wild and wonderful  we come back because of the quality and taste of the food."  but could have used more sauce. Our friends split the yellow curry which was some of the best I've had in town.  Great heat and flavor.  Bathrooms were clean and nicely decorated.  The whole place had a positive vibe and friendly (though not the most prompt) service.  Will go back again for sure!"  and the service was really great.  I recommend trying this place if you like authentic Thai food.  I will definitely be going back." KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg Let me say that this is by far the best Thai food I have had in Phoenix. The atmosphere is great very friendly staff we were seated right away and made to feel right at home. I had the strawberry Champagne Martini it was very well made. I must say this place is great for a first date anniversary or valentines the owner is wonderful I recommend this place as a romantic spot for a couple. I will continue to go back as long as they are opened. Another note: don't come here thinking this is 100% authentic Thai cuisine. It's definitely Thai...but upgraded. In my opinion  Keiffer lime leaves and barely contained Ginger. it was mostly broth with few veggies. the Pad Thai was decent. the green papaya salad was bland needing more lime juice. we ordered everything medium spice and it came out with no heat. disappointing experience. we came only due to the four star rating. the cheesy 80's radio station didn't help. not sure if I'll be back." Truth be told I think Thai Elephant or Papaya Thai are still my favorite thai restaurant."  good service and good food.  I would if I could give it 4.5 stars."  the food was amazing. I'm still trying to figure out how they have beef of such incredible quality. They cook it perfectly. Just awesome. One nitpick- dinner costs more than lunch but you don't get a spring roll with it? Come onnnnn! Just throw one in the bag. I won't tell!"  it was an awesome meal and I'm super stoked to have that cool Thai spot within walking/stumbling distance to the casa."  after reading all the great reviews.  I'm happy to say it didn't disappoint!  We had appetizers as well as dinner I'm in love with their pad Thai!  probably won't be one of those places I insist on going to when I go to Phx though. Like I said Tried this place last night... its very good location with a nice patio. The food was fresh and was good. I only gave it 4 out of 5 just because I have tried Thai food twice now and really not impressed. Food not that favorable. I think I will be sticking with Chinese and Japanese. And for those of you who like it HOT and SPICY - Wild Thaiger has you covered."  the regular Pad Thai is also wonderful.   I have always had great service and  I have loved every dish I tried." I enjoy their pad thai quite a bit and have tried other dishes as well. They're soups are fantastic and so is their iced tea!" Read Gary Cs review before you waste money here."  but have to admit it gets rougher each time.  First off just be prepared to wait at lunch or get there a bit early Great service and okay food. I ordered 5-Spicy level ( where 4 is Thai hot) and the food came out tasting sweet. I love La's Thai on McDowell and Hayden much better  Pad-Thai & Chicken Satay.  A trifecta of flavor goodness.  A great place to go for lunch because its right in the heart of downtown Phoenix.  Yay!" Food always great!!  One of the BEST!  But the interior remodel is aweful. The fish tank is such a bad statement. Makes the place look cheap and looks more like other crappy Thai restaurants. Poor choice in a remodel. 86 the fish tank. Many great dishes but the stand out for me: the freshie rolls! The best gluten-free spring rolls in Phoenix! All food is made to order and is fresh and delicious. This is a family owned and operated business with Thai born chefs that really know what they're doing. It is a little pricey for Thai food  Super Soup and Pad Thai noodles.  All delicious  and the food just plain delish.   My personal favorite is the Tom Ka Gai hot pot with Shrimp.  Great flavors and plenty big enough for two to share.  The patio is nice and usually less crowded than the inside of the restaurant."  shrimp) in my dish was very fresh but it wasn't Thai hot at all.  The ambiance of their patio was enjoyable and the Thai iced tea was very tasty although a little too sweet towards the end.  Overall  had them explain the lack in staff and just waited longer for my food. This situation could have been handled in a more tactful manner. I will try again "Delicious thai food.  I tried the tom yum soup which was very flavorful and delicious but a touch on the salty side.  The pad thai noodles were also awesomely chewy and came with tons of mix-ins on the side like peanuts Other than that and a small dining area (our ""cold"" winter nights are still doable on the patio Good foods and fresh ingredients...thanks for the fine meal! Great delicious food with good service here. The only thing is that if you are here and they are busy it might take you awhile to get fed. The kitchen is small...... Drinks are awesome and reasonably priced. KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg "The food here is absolutely delicious! I would highly recommend their thai green curry (has a nice spicy kick to it) So...hit and miss...but I will try it again." The best Thai food I have found anywhere in Arizona." I'm no stranger to Thai food and Wild Thaiger is one of the best." "I have only been to Wild Thaiger a few times and have eaten food they catered for a private buffet dinner at the restaurant most of those times. The Pad Thai is a favorite of mine. I love their Iced Thai Tea. The atmosphere is nice One of the best Thai restaurants. Mahi Mahi Prig Pao is the best Thai dishes ever. Pad Thai was good. Lettuce rolls so-so. "My favorite Thai place!   I rarely eat meat/picky with meat I eat  but the chicken here is always perfect! So delicious Pretty good food.  It is a small place so when you go do not go with the intention that it will be fast getting your food because it can be pretty slow at times.  ""Ohhh sorry!  It does say spicy on the menu.""  I couldn't believe it.  I got charged $14.95 for a dish we couldn't even eat.  Totally lame.  A manager didn't even come over to try to smooth this issue out.  I left nothing for the tip considering they were ok to rip me off.  I won't be back." KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg  microwaves and higher prices I gave it 3 vs 4 stars. If you want to impress a client for a lunch this is the thai place to go to." I'll definitely be back to try some of their other menu items. They have a smaller menu compared to most Thai places and I believe this allows them to focus on perfecting a few dishes instead of doing lots of mediocre things with Thai flavors. Check this place out!" "The food here is good.  The curry plates are especially delicious.   Too bad the service is so stand-offish.  I've been here close to 10 times and every single time I've left thinking I should have just gone to Thai Hut a mile away instead I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in town!"  but I will revisit Wild Thaiger if I am near by."  well-seasoned and pretty quick for a lunch offering. The owner is very friendly and you can tell he takes great pride in his eatery...Wild Thaiger is good eats!!" If you want good Thai food that will satisfy without all the overdone presentation  a big hit with our local newscasters." Definitely worth a visit.  Good food and good service.  The dumpling and corn fritter apppetizers were fantastic.  As well as the fried rice.  I've had better pad thai before but it was still good! -Pad c aew : More than ok but not great!" I think this is one of the best places to eat in Phoenix  and great drinks. I'm going to make this a regular spot for me." "Love the accommodating menu and atmosphere.. I can't wait to go back My verdict: Good for a quick bite if you're in the area and don't know what to eat." "Food was decent but very Americanized.  Neat place to hang out  ended with some fantastic Thai ice coffee and average coconut ice cream  but I kept thinking of good things to say about this place.  Highly recommended!" Everyone's food looked fabulous at our table I normally order pad thai from any thai place but the dish to get at thaiger is the Beef Panang.  It is awesome.  great food!  One dish was too spicy. They immediately took it back and fixed it. The Tom Ga Kai was very good. They have this rated with '$$' but the quality exceeded the price!" I must add that I really love peanut butter chicken (a childhood favorite) and this restaurant gets it perfect every time!" We also had their homemade mango cheesecake. It was amazing especially with the mango sauce drizzled on top."  and nice patio.  Perhaps it's the trendy-ness of the restaurant or the presence of a little one attached to me but I don't find myself saying ""Let's go to Wild Thaiger"" that often anymore.  Definitely more of a trendy ""date night"" romantic spot than a kid-friendly casual place!" "I just experienced the best Pad Thai of my life! The Wild Thaiger has a relaxed atmosphere very disappointing.  This is a restaurant i've enjoyed for years and years but will never dine at again."  and failing an inspection is blamed on your customers."  I had the same issue except also 24 hours of stomach cramps. A few other issues with service but minor compared to routine food poisoning." This is my go to place near work for some Pad Thai.  I am a huge fan of their Veggie Pad Thai or their Pad Thai in general.  Always a fan when craving Thai.  Their Thai Ice Tea is also delish!  but I'm usually there for dinner.  Great service and consistently good Thai food.  Of all the Thai restaurants in town (and I like many of them)  I'm sure you will enjoy!" "I hope the sanitary conditions have been resolved because I love the Pad Thai at Wild Thaiger. By far the best around (at least that I have had)! My only complaint is that sometimes the servers are a bit slow. Other than that Pretty good thai food. I have been here twice and enjoyed the curry dishes very much. Great quality food and perfectly prepared. Service is always prompt and friendly - great place for lunch and dinner. It's better than a bacon wrapped hot dog out the side of a utility van."  right on Central and right next to Durants." I went here when I was feeling a little under the weather and got the Super Soup. It was amazing! I got it spicy and it was most def really spicy! It was such a huge soup for 9$. I had one of my friends spring rolls which were one of the best I have ever eaten! I think its one of the best Thai places in Phoenix!  but lately the food has been just okay. and the curries have been a little on the watery side. I am particularly unhappy that Wild Thaier now makes things hot by merely sprinkling dried chili flakes over the entire dish Last year gave it a 5. This year downgraded because noise level was so high. Tom Kha Gai was superb. The special was a crispy Mako Shark. Very good even though I'm not a fan of crispy. The presentation was excellent. Top notch service. Uncomfortable bench booth seats Fantastic food drinks atmosphere !!!  cool and refreshing. The food was SO FLAVORFUL!!!! No soggy bland phad thai here! The SO GOOD. :) I will DEFINITLY come here again."  clean and professional with great food at a nice price. Have not been disappointed after a sufficient number of visits." The fried coconut banana with coconut ice cream is an amazing dessert!"  you have the option of dining inside (to your left) or outside on the covered patio (right). We decided to sit outside since it was such a lovely evening. I ordered an iced Thai coffee - which was delicious. For an appetizer The service was great.  The iced tea was weird.  No WiFi...  Eh...  I've had better  and excellent green curry earn this moderately upscale Thai resto 4 stars from me." Soups are wowzy spicy and the presentation is cool.  Pad Thai is as good as it gets.  Also the the Dragon appetizer. KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg "Delicious. Came here for lunch instead of going to our usual Thai Basil. The only complaint I have is that the food took forever. I went around 11 am with my coworker and it seemed like another family that came in 15 minutes after us got their food before we did. The food was good  the sauce had a bit of a kick but nothing crazy and the veggies were cooked perfectly and complemented the meat nicely.  I was nervous to try my friend's Pad Cha Seafood because it had been rated 3 peppers which equates to ""Thai Hot"" but I was glad I got the courage to do so because it was delicious too!  Everything was again cooked perfectly and the sauce was pretty hot but not unbearable.  I can't wait to go again and find something else to try!" Only negative is that I came here with a guy that was an idiot  and at the best price. This restaurant is the best value in town and I have tried other Thai restaurants. All you need to see is their dedicated chef in their open kitchen to understand why this place rules!"  is very nice and very modest. You can barely tell that he runs one of the best thai places in downtown phoenix. Hands down The food here is average at best.  I am a little concerned with the overall cleanliness of the kitchen.  It is very small yet they cut flowers and do other non food related things in the same area your food is being cooked in.  I have had to sit at the bar and wait for a table.  I noticed how small the kitchen is and how they do not clean up immediately after themselves.  Some dishes are really good while others are really bad.  Any substitutions and there is a charge.  Not very friendly at all when you can charge someone $2 for peanut sauce with their meal or $1 to add onions or remove bellpeppers.  It is just a real hit or miss here. "Stopped in for lunch and was decently impressed with this place. Had the green curry which wasn't Thai hot like I had asked but still somewhat spicy. Was disappointed that they did not bring/have fish sauce with Thai chili peppers to add some more salty spiciness to the curry. Impressed that there was not a selection of meats for each of the curries  the Pad Cha seafood dish is spectacular.  Be careful if you order Thai hot..they mean business here.  The desserts are also fantastic.  For the best service ""Cry two tears in a bucket I will definitely come back to this place when am craving for good pad thai. I have to say so far the best in phoenix. The best Thai in the Phoenix...  This place could hang with the best in the country.  Highly recommend the salad rolls and boat.  food quality and overall experience. I cannot wait to go back."  I would come here for Happy Hour because they have 1/2 off appetizers.  Their selection of Thai beer is always interesting something I think you need to try for you beer connoisseurs out there.  Service is always tops and the kitchen which is open for your viewing is spotless - Enjoy!" "It's taken me many months to get around to writing this but I can't seem to stop thinking about it...so I'm compelled make this known by ALL who will read it. This restaurant to had decent Thai food and the service was just ok. That would have been fine had the waiter not taken the liberty of changing the amount of the tip I indicated on my Visa receipt. When I reviewed my statement online and discovered he had done that The food was okay and the atmosphere was nice. Unfortunately the service was absolutely appalling. It took 30 minutes just for the waitress to take our drink order and another 30 for her to take our food order. She took even longer to collect the bill and run our card. We could see her chatting behind the counter with another employee. My boyfriend had to walk up to the counter to ask her to run our card as we had been waiting for so long. Considering there was only one other table in the whole restaurant this was ridiculous. Extremely disappointed with my experience and I will not be coming back.  sometimes gets a little busy but Ive always been able to eat and get back to work in an hour. I usually get the yellow curry or pad thai. Its good food. Not spectacular thai by any means." The service was stellar as always. Our server was cheerful  and cilantro that is great when mixed in with the hot noodles. I will definitely order this dish again If you love Thai...GO THERE!" If you're in the area and want great Thai Consistently the BEST Thai food in Phoenix! The lunch menu is perfect. They are fast for a sit down restaurant and very helpful. I love the pad thai. My daughter loves that they make octopus hot dogs. I have never eaten here besides for lunch but I think it would be a good place to stop as well.  nice staff and ample parking space behind the restaurant. The sake cosmo is really good. The freshie rolls are excellent - I love the chicken and shrimp combo The food is awesome and the decor is great.  I've eaten here a few times and never been disappointed. Check it out but go on off hours." Prices were very reasonable and the portions were large - about $45 for two entrees  soup and main dish before us.  One waiter seemed to be doing everything from being in the kitchen to serving food to asking how things are and working the cash register (he was awesome!).  Hostess at the front door did not have any personality at all Best Tom Kha Gai ever ever! I've eaten almost everything here and it is all top of the line. Excellent service too. The owner is so committed to the cuisine being authentic she has her own kaffir lime tree at home to harvest the leaves.  frozen Malaysian parathas which were undercooked and doughy. I was disappointed as this dessert is rare to come by at Thai restaurants in the US" The pad thai here is the best I've had from any thai place in AZ.  I also like the beef pangang.  Good service and excellent food.  and one of the most down-to-earth people I've ever met. If you go in I realize any resturant can have an off night so I will try them again in hopes of getting what I got days before."  but we were a bit neglected on a slow Saturday night with the service. It might have been no dedicated hostess to greet and more of the attention was on waiting tables outside. There were only three couples inside including us. The food took awhile to come out and wife had sand in her broccoli for her entree. I would come back probably for a lunch instead of dinner to give it another chance."  it was typical for a Wednesday night. There is no excuse for their wait times or rudeness. I found the menu to be limiting Wild Thaiger celebrated its 10th year anniversary this weekend!  This is a neighborhood restaurarnt with first class food.  The chef and owner consistently refreshes the menu to great delight!  You will not be disappointed.  and I guess they accidentally made it a full order (4 Spring Rolls)... Well they went ahead and just gave them to me for the price of one. Pretty sweet! It's the little things..." Really disappointed - place is not as good as it used to be. "I enjoyed my meal at this restaurant. If it were in Tucson I would get take out here regularly. I ordered the usual suspects panang curry and pad se-eiw. The flat noodles had a nice savory garlic sauce that had the right amount of sweetness. The panang curry had just the right amount of richness. The one thing I did not like was that they put the rice in the panang curry. I like my rice on the side This place was my very first Thai experience 5 years ago and it was delicious! We had one of the curries and it was the perfect balance of flavors. This place is what turned me on to Thai food being my favorite food. The restaurant itself is nice and their Thai iced tea was yummy. I wish the hours were better though.  this was a cute restaurant and the service was good. The patio was nice." Great place and loved their panang beef curry. I haven't had such a flavorful panang curry in a long time!  Might go back again this week while I am still in town! I'm kind of biased as I love their peanut chicken and have for years. I haven't tried much else from their menu except the soup (which was also d'lish). My girlfriend tells me that their curry chicken is among the best she has ever had. I'll take her word for it as I hate curry.  that's worth the inexplicable and inexcusable wait for food to be delivered when the place is half empty to begin with.  I'm done." "Ordered takeout from here last night and was disappointed.  The portion size for the chicken curry was very small and I asked to add extra vegetables to the curry (bc otherwise it only comes with potatoes and onions) and didn't see that they had added any.  The amount of rice they provided with the curry was also teeny tiny.  On top of that I can not wait to to go back! I was bummed it took so long but then I realized it was worth the wait!"  but quickly realized that the kids were not going to be agreeable for a nice meal... so we opted to place an order to go. My son and I shared the yellow chicken curry and pad Thai. Both were fresh and flavorful with just the right amount of heat. You know it is good when a seven-year old asks for a third helping! I only wish there had been more rice... I have leftover curry to eat and we finished the rice last night! I'll be back for sure!" We've been back at least 3 times in 3 weeks. That says a lot. Just be patient with your food and overall service (-1 star)." "The Pad Thai Tofu with Vegetables was so delicious and generous in portion size. I am so glad my husband and I decided to eat here. After trying many other Thai restaurants in the area it's nice to find one that knows how to actually make the dish. Awesome food  but everything else I get I enjoy as well.  The one thing that I would watch out for is time constraint.  My coworkers and I used to work right by the restaurant and were a little more flexible with our lunch hour.  However BEST Thai food! They must teleport the food from Thailand because the meals here are amazing. The yellow curry chicken and pad Thai are full flavored meals needing no condiments added. The service is great but get there before the lunch rush as this place is full by noon.  not super impressed. The spot is cute and the food is ok. I got the chicken pad Thai and spring rolls. Spring rolls were kind of soggy. The pad Thai was good though. Really flavorful. Could have done without all the cilantro and garnishment. I prefer Thai Basil." Wow what a great flavor for the dishes we had it was nearly impossible to stop eating even after our belly was completely full. The waiter was really great as well knew the food and had been there since the place opened. He gave is great recommendations all super delish. It was a really positive experience we will go back! "Excellent Thai food! A must-visit place form those who love Asian food. Food is superb. Service is excellent vEbn3V_Q4L5dLig5fTxTRA The front of the house is EVERYTHING in the restaurant world. That girl probably just cost the restaurant thousands in future business. I've heard great things about the food but I'll never go back."  there was only 2!!! $3 extra for two shrimps! the presentation of the dish and taste was not the same and portion was smaller. did they have new chef or new owner? will not come back to this place" Just like Arnold... I'll be back!" Hoping it was just an off night...when I return to give them a second chance I still update my review" I can't help but growl when co-workers ask me where I ate for lunch. ""Wild Thaiger... rowl!"""  which is why I opted to order to go.  The order was placed and filled and I was back in the car within less than 15 minutes."  right next door to Durant's on Central." My office and I will be taking our business to Thai Hut and Thai Basil!! Maybe that'll help alleviate some of your stress Amazing everything. The crab wontons were  delicious. Everything was homemade and tasted great.  food was mediocre and a bit pricey for the service/food you get. I had satay chicken and the meat was dry and the sauce was crumbly. Then I ordered the pad-see-ew and it was super salty." Still my favorite Pad Thai in Arizona.  I normally just get pad thai from any thai place I visit but my friends got me to try the beef panang and it is really excellent.  I love this place.  The wait for your food can be long at lunch but its worth it. I will be going back here again." Food was good but soup wasn't hot.  Service was incredibly slow even though no one was in the restaurant but a couple other two tops.  I'd come back but try a different server next time. KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg So good! Definitely going back. The Decha Boar was fantastic.  Only reason for the 4 stars is because of the wait. Seemed like they did not have enough staff on hand to take care of the crowd. Worth the wait but ended up arriving late to the concert we had later in the night. All in all good food and good experience!"  it is amazing! The house salad was pretty good for a salad. The mango with sticky rice hit the spot...and fulfilled my dessert craving. If I'm ever in town again This is absolutely The best Thai restaurant anywhere!  I have had  these culinary  masterpieces since they first opened and can never get tired of all the  delicious  flavors  each dish has. From the  appetizers  ( Dragon Eggs) to the specialty dishes ( Pineapple Prawns) to the unbelievable desserts ( Lemon Ginger Cheasecake)  You  could NOT be disappointed ! Ola takes great pride in all her creations and  is usually always there  right along side  her gifted  team.  I could not end this review  without  giving  kudos to the talented wait staff  who are all  great but  I gotta give a special shout out to M & A  !  wait to be seated!  Maybe waited 5 minutes or more.  The restaurant was mostly empty.  Only two other tables.  One server sitting at the bar eating.  One server working the two tables.  No hostess.  Sat down outside.  Nice patio.  But patio is an excuse I guess for server to disappear for 10 or more minutes at a time.  Whoosh...gone...not to be seen a gain for a long while.  Hmmm.  Drink order?  Appetizer? More water?  Improve this service and it could be 5 stars."  but at off peak times to see if it is just volume which stresses the team there." We agreed that in central phoenix we would suggest SaBai Modern in comparison."  going with less expensive dishes and hope for better service." "My husband and I have been frequenting Wild Thaiger for a few years. We have done both dine in and take out. Usually with a great experience. However in the last few months the service has deteriorated. Long wait times for a server to pay any attention to you making every meal feel long and drawn out. On our most recent visit this evening it took forever to be acknowledged when we walked in. After we were sat it took another 10 minutes before our server came over. Other than the slow service the food runner/ bus girl with a bad attitude had her pants riding so low that at first we could see her butt crack "I actually want to get this place zero stars but that is not an option. I went here with my family my aunt and uncle words are from out-of-town and I had suggested this place because I have had the food there before and it was very good. We got to the restaurant at a decent time on a Monday night there was three other tables  good it is also consistent. The service is friendly and never keeps you waiting too long!" "Not the best Thai food I have had  good service. If you are in the area it is worth a shot. Otherwise there are better Thai places around the valley (Chanpen comes to mind...)."  and green beans). I usually add chicken and have more than enough food for two meals. Wild Thaiger has decent specials on some nights of the week for drinks (Mondays feature 5$ martinis). My only complaint about the Thaiger is that We went here for a second time with all 3 of our kids last night and it was a big hit. The first time was with just our daughter who was around 1 at the time. It was a pleasant experience with good service. Last night we brought my 9 year old step daughter who is the pickiest eater I have ever seen. She ordered a noodle dish with sweet soy sauce (she tried to get it without soy sauce but the waitress convinced us it would have no flavor). When it came she made a face but then tried it and loved it! I also had some and was very impressed. It had a lot of fresh veggies and a generous amount of chicken. The veggie spring rolls were also a hit with her and my now 2.5 year old and 9 month old. It was kid friendly. The Tom Kah soup was delicious (my fianc's favorite!) and we split the ribs which fell of the bone and were so tender. The kids fried chicken meal was generous and both kids loved it. The vegetables were all fresh. And the waitress was sweet. We will come back! Love this place! Amazing food and great service. We have been there over 10 times and it consistently is one of the better restaurants in town. I don't live any where near but travel there because I enjoy the dining experience so much. Keep up the good work.  just wish their thai hot was actually hot. Excuse the criticism but this thai restaurant is definitely watered down in terms of authenticity." Cheers for Thai Fridays!" Two stars for service and cleanliness alone We were late for our game."  and always the food is great. Tonight I went and the service was horrible.  I left after 7 seven minutes of waiting at my table with menu with no water or no Hello from anyone. 2 waitress saw me there and glanced over but never approached. I m not sure I will return in the future.  I felt unwanted there." I would highly recommend Wild Thaiger to anyone town." I might go back to try something else next time."  they offer little room to customize your order as compared to other Thai restaurants. You can't customize how spicy u want your curry or if you want less veggies and more sauce in your curry or of you dont want chicken on your noodle The tom kra gai was delicious but I really wasn't very impressed with the basil chicken dish mainly because the chicken was so dry. I ordered thai hot for both and they just put the chilis on top of the chicken so it wasn't spicy.. Like at all. The service was really fast even though we sat outside during lunch rush and she was so friendly!!! "Went out here for a friend's birthday party the other week.  They were wonderful in accommodating the large party of 20 people that we had even though they don't have the largest of space.  The food was wonderful.  Typically  but I think I will stick with the original."  but excellent in every other way. Great flavors "For serious my absolute favorite place for Pad Thai.. just when I thought it couldn't get any better.. holy hell. I had to ask the name of the cook.. I believe she said Minor. Holy.. the peanut sauce was beyond amazing. The peanut is distinct and vibrant  it's not very spicy!! And they were reluctant to give us the good stuff ie. chopped Thai chilis in fish sauce. But when we turned up the heat it was much better. You must try the 24K pumpkin curry which has a very rich and flavorful sauce. Drink the coconut cove cocktail if you love coconut water - it's SO refreshing if your sitting on the hot patio. Also  but that's okay. There are many other very delicious options... And corn fritters." The Tom Ka Gai is amazing!.  fresh and delicious. I have not yet had any sort of unpleasant experience at Wild Thaiger. Stop by for lunch for a cheaper version of their entrees! It will become your newest restaurant addiction.."  they take so much time to get our order ready. We almost waited like 30 mins to get our food served but apart from that "Food:  the Tom Yum Goog soup (with shrimp and chicken) is a food score 10 - a Phoenix You won't be disappointed." Oh and I love the name of this place. ""The wild THAIger."" Rawr! So clever." I don't have anything bad to say.  Everything was great from the amazing food to the fantastic service.  hit the spot! I had the chicken pad thai with a spring roll and a nice cold Kirin Light beer. Took about 30 mins or so for our food to come out "Best Thai Restaurant in AZ.  And I include in that statement the entire experience.  Great food Atmosphere is good. Food is alright. Staff could be more attentive. Prices are a bit high.  the best food there is from street vendors.  This place was far from good Thai food."  and another costumer in the restaurant. The food was cold when is was brought out to us -with no radishes like they usually put on them  good service. The heat level was spot on: the hot made my nose run just slightly (that's how you know it's good). It was a bit loud in there This truly is a jewel from the east. The food is exceptional and fair priced. The Thai tea is to die for and the chicken do good. Parking is a bit tricky but the place is good. If you're looking for authentic Thai food then this is the place to go. Highly recommended. I have loved this place since I first started coming here in 2008. Definitely the best Thai I have had in town and I will travel from the north valley for this  restaurant. Everyone I have taken here loves it. Pad Thai is delicious with chicken and shrimp. Curries are divine. Hubby loves their beef dishes. Soups are amazing. Love the corn fritters appetizer. Definitely a treat and different. Have not had a dish here that I did not like. Mango cheesecake is a must. Love this place. The outdoor seating is precious even though smack dab in central phx So we drove all the way to Siam Thai (which was pretty busy) and had an excellent meal which was served promptly."  veggies in spicy green curry. get it hot!!! delicious. service is fast and friendly too." KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg Omg... the waitress was so rude and illmannered. Food no complaints. We signed the check and expected to put cash in for the tip. The waitress expected us to add the tip into the bill and expected more tip from us. It was an upfront shameless demand that we should pay more or should not be coming to the restaurant to be seated. Never ever visiting this restaurant where the service are so shameless in asking a customer for more tip. When we told her that we wont be returning back to the restaurant '' the waitress told us ''thank you please dont''. Came in on 12/12 for lunch. Great place for lunch. The berry green tea is excellent and their lunch specials are very reasonable. I had something with eggplant and beef in it and my wife had the ginger chicken. Fast service and great prices for the quality of food you get!   but maybe next time I'll do take out.  I do not think I will ever attend the restaurant again"  doesn't deserve the two-star rating - but the service does.  We waited for almost 20 minutes to even be acknowledged by the angsty teen hostess with glazed over eyes "Updating to give five stars. We've eaten here twice more since and the food is consistently amazing. My boyfriend got the Temple of Fire today and holy cow Really like their food!  Service is great.  really recommend it. Pad Thai here is the best. I usually did take out and the pad Thai still tasted good when I had it at home. This place can never go wrong with food and hospitality . Great staff and good energy !!  and Super Soup.  Thai hot is legit!"  and my other half had the new candy shrimp that was good too. Glad we came in when when we did not even 10 Minutes later they were packed. They staff are friendly and the food arrived quickly. Both dishes were very flavorful and great portions.  Will be back soon. They are short on indoor seating "We started with the jasmine iced tea.  Very refreshing and I didn't even add sugar to it.  A couple starters. Lab Gal and Dragon Eggz. The Eggz were amazing. Keep in mind all the food brought to our table was presented as you would see in magazines. Works of art on plates. I ordered a Papua salad. Whoooweee spicey just like I like it. I had the chicken and yellow curry. Gawd it was sooo good. My fianc opted for the wild boar dish. BC we were pretty sure they were true to the 3 pepper heat index he asked if they'd do a not so spicey version. he was thrilled with his plate. He said my 1 pepper index salad was spicier.... Portions are large and I felt that prices were more than fair. Seating on the inside is limited and very classy. We showed up around 630ish on Friday (night before Valentine's Day) and the place quickly filled up after that. Outside seating looked like a lot of fun and they have heaters out there too. If given a choice  we decided not to wait the half hour. This half hour wait did not make any sense given there were many open tables. We were only two people and when we walked in there were two two-tops available and when we left 20 minutes later The food is consistent & pretty good but be prepared to wait! (Usually 20+min after you are seated)" I've been looking for a Thai restaurant to replace the legends in Portland and this is the closest replacement I've found. Overall I was pretty impressed in the food. Their version of spicy wasn't very spicy but they had bowls of dried pepper powder to help me adjust the temperature to my liking. I will be visiting again.  but they don't answer the phone very often. If you can get through  set up was nice . I definitely will be coming back to eat here!!"  except one of my friends got a soup that didn't taste right (might have given her the wrong order?). Although I'd like to give this place another shot  great food!  I recommend the spicy chicken pad Thai; a tasty appetizer is the dragon pork w/jalapeo; when visiting Phoenix again I will definitely be stopping by for another fantastic Thai dinner." God was delicious though. Very flavorful and smelled great. I got the Chicken Curry. My friend got the Temple of Fire and we shared Tropical rice with chicken and beef. Im not big on spice and the Temple of Fire is pretty dam spicy. It looked so good I had to try it and I was pissed I did." "My wife and I went to have dinner here for the first time. We arrived around 6:15. We were told there would be a 20 minute wait. As we waited we noticed several tables open. I asked about this and I was told they were preparing tables for a large group and once they were done they would assess the seating availability. The open seats were booths and a small table for 2 on the patio. A large group would not use any of these open tables. We Waite some more and when I went to see how much longer it would be I was told about 10 minutes. I reminded the hostess of the original 20 minute wait she originally stated that we were already beyond A little more pricy than we usually pay for Thai but the flavor profiles were bomb. We will be back. Soon we hope."  and red curry. All fantastic! Also loved the thai beers. We sat outside on the patio (no wait) Two stars today for a very poor meal last night. Hopefully it will improve and I will be able to give them four stars."  making it a very competitive category in which to earn a five star review. Wild Thaiger is very close. It's also just a bit different from the norm. We always do soup at the Thaiger  they were fairly busy for a Sunday evening!  All in all  so that was nice but the service was horrible.  My friend and I sat and waited as we watched the tables clear out one by one and no food came out.  I had to flag the waitress down twice before she would even respond as to why we had been waiting for 1/2 hour at this point for our food. It was a piss poor excuse and they weren't that apologetic.  We finally got our food  45 minutes into my hour lunch and it wasn't as good as the first time.  Pad thai was barely warm enough to eat.  If you want chili paste brought to your table.... an additional .50 cents.  WTF?  There prices are high enough to compensate the making of chili paste dry or wet.  I don't know if I will come back here.  I would rather drive down the road a few miles and go somewhere else.  Sadly."  but definitely not worth the 2.5 hours."  but not in any way bad. This is a FAVORITE" Long wait but nice vibe.  Bartender was friendly and helpful.  Food presentation was superb but lacked in flavor. To wait is one thing. To wait an hour before an appetizer even arrives at the table for two of us is crazy. The busboy came by to ask how our dinner was and our appetizer had not even come out. He said something to one of the waitresses possibly even the owner and she yelled at him. Food is good but experience was not. Will not be going back.  and the fried bananas with mango ice cream! All were fantastic!" The only thing I would forewarn is that the wait is a little long and service is at times a little bit slow. That's what kept this from getting that elusive 5th star." It seems like every time we come here there's a line. They lie about the wait just to keep you there. And when you actually sit down they make you wait another hour for your appetizer. Their food is okay because it's not awesome and is certainly not worth an hour wait. "My husband and I came here for dessert one day and were in a hurry. They sat us right away (they were slammed 5 minutes to close!) made our dessert  decent food.  You decide which is more important.  For me "Food was very good but the service was slow. Even though our server was nice   and it will most certainly not be our last! We were quickly seated and drinks were promptly served. There was a short wait on our food KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg  smells and textures you'll experience from Thailand in the comfort of Arizona. They really hit the mark in every which way and more. All ingredients are always fresh with meals and plates made to order. Family owned and operated  and the amount of veggies in it was half of what I've received at other places. Their menu items are certainly interesting (wild boar and catfish) and watching the open kitchen was fun. But we literally felt ignored for a majority of our dining experience. Really wanted more from here..."  it was spicy but not too much to burn my tongue and the dish size was just right for a full Lunch. I rounded it up with a sweet Thai Iced tea which is my favorite. The waitress was very nice I ordered the Beef Panang... Yum! Now you might be thinking it's really hard to mess up a staple Thai dish but you can. It was very delicious and the beef was very tender. Most places you go the beef is dry and overcooked. The only complaint I had was that I wish it was a bit spicer. But that's easily fixable. I would definitely come back and try the other dishes.  which is average. I mean it's spring rolls. The first bite with the peanut sauce was the most delicious bite I have ever had. I could of just ordered spring rolls and I would of been more than satisfied. My friend mentioned that the sauce was authentic sauce it was not your typical restaurant sauce. My friend felt like a she tasted a piece of home." "Loved it! Had some beef lunch curry dish. It was excellent. Tasty and beautiful. 8$ really!?! Cheap. Went for lunch and it was busy-thats a good thing. To ppl that post bad reviews because it took 10 mins to get your cocktail or whatever-shut up! Go to a ""dead"" Thai restaurant. There's a reason Wild Thaiger is busy. Because its fuckn bomb!!"  they're always prompt and delicious. The coconut curry and the pad see ewe are awesome. I'm not sure if they have lunch specials so it can be a bit more expensive for a quick lunch but the quality is evident and totally worth the extra two or three dollars you spend instead of going somewhere not nearly as good. You can tell their meats are quality and not just hidden under a load of spices. Highly recommended." I have ate at many Thai restaurants both in the Valley and in CA. This place is a must try!"  definitely the best that we have found in Phoenix. I got boar and found the lime to be so overwhelming that I couldn't eat it. I wrote that off to cultural tastes but I definitely won't be ordering that again."  service was pleasant and quick. Great spot for dinner after work. The price was on point too."  but the food is delicious and the service is great. The restaurant is really cute with a great outdoor area." Went here for date night and the food was awesome!! We got the spring rolls 2 ways: chicken and veggie. The dipping sauce was delish! Then we had the hot pot soup with coconut and lime broth. It was such a neat presentation. Then we ordered the Thai basil and the pad Thai. Both dishes were great. I would defiantly be back!! Also it was rated by food networks drivers dine-ins and dives!!! 5 stars people!!!  great presentation and pricing with this restaurant. We will visit again. Highly recommended for Thai food lovers." KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg Good service but the food was only okay.  We tried a variety of things and none were awesome. "...we stopped in for lunch on a Friday at 11:30 AM while visiting from Tucson to see a Lana Del Rey/Courtney Love concert.  The front desk clerk at the hotel we were staying at recommended this place highly.  She was from Seattle and said she understood good Thai food. We trusted her and showed up promptly at 11:30.  By noon there was a line out the door and around the corner.  The staff was friendly and efficient and the owner/manager was directing the action which gave the whole experience a sense of organizational calm.  Anticipation was high and we were not disappointed.  The food was awesome!  The spring rolls were light  maybe a few other stir fry dishes but I always start with the staple item when trying new Thai places. This place has many unique dishes so try them all :)" Service was excellent and the place was clean and looked nice. If I were in the area and wanted Thai food I would go back  then two or three other couples arrived and crowded the hostess stand as we waited for someone... ANYONE... to seat us.  There is a tall room divider that separates the hostess area from the service area/bar/kitchen  however that's what DT phoenix offers for parking. greeted with a smile at the door and everything was very organized. I'll be back!" They don't have the same people cooking looks like it's changes hands because nothing looks familiar and use to have happy hour and was in the other day and they said no happy hour and our would be server never seen her before she was Korean not thai to fat unsure of what's up with this place no one was there and there usually busy so I don't know  but it was tofu and vegetables in a coconut broth. Was served in a metal bowl that had a flame in the middle which was pretty crazy. Was a little bit difficult for me to ladle the soup from the metal thing into the bowl without making a huge mess. But it went ok! The food was delicious. It was not spicy at all though. Also there were a few slices of what looked like potato in there  and after going there again last night it's still 5 stars and I wish I could give them 10 stars! The service is great and the food is amazing! The Thai tea is a must!" "The food is good. Definitely above average. But the service is so bad that it hardly makes up for it. If I got my food within AN HOUR AND A HALF of sitting down I would be satisfied Good was great. A little busy but was seated quickly. Def a good place to stop for a date.  and asked can we just go sit at the empty table of four then and we'll wait. She looked at me like I said something foreign and refused and said no. I said we can't be seated at the empty table for our party? At this point I'm getting mad and say to her I don't understand why you're refusing to seat us and can wait but you want us to stand in front of the hostess desk. I said never mind  the service is really outstanding and even the owner came out to see how we were doing. If you are looking for a really great asian restaurant and you can handle just a bit of spice make it a mission to come to this place! The staff is very welcoming and knowledgeable about the menu to help find the perfect dish for you."  I am disappointed that the staff behavior was so appalling. The only interaction with the restaurant that I have to review- a refusal to allow us to sit at an empty table." "Had the Dragon Eggz..... nice taste. Had them crispy. I would order again.  Had the chicken pad thai. Great flavor  a very good experience. Service was fast. Food was delicious and waitress was attentive. Pricing isn't bad but not like super cheap. I would come here again. Parking is decent and in back of the restaurant. I would imagine that during lunch time that parking might be tough to find since you technically can't park in the lot to the left of the restaurant...technically I've been here a couple of times and each of them have been great. I've only gotten the pad Thai and it's bomb. They've also got gluten free pad Thai for those who prefer that and that dish is also amazing  the peanut chicken was nothing special. The staff was friendly and the chef was very personable  water and the bill. not always but a majority of the time. Thai basil is just as good with better and friendlier service" "We came here in between the shows of Angels in America at Phoenix Theatre.  Although not large they were able to get us seated very quickly.  The rest if the service was not very fast or attentive but once the food arrives it didn't matter.  My hubby got yellow curry which he though very good and the presentation with cabbage curls was lovely.  I had the Island Fried Rice and it was a perfect portion of rice with fruit  small but outdoor patio option and great ambiance with food that continues to bring me back"  I tried the De-cha boar.. it was delicious. if you're in the mood for something different and spicy I would defiantly recommend it.  the service was great."  thick and gritty. Won't ever come back here for lunch as it took way too long to get our food. And to top it off my tummy felt all bubbly afterwards. Over all it was a poor experience."  malbec wine. Everything delicious and fresh.  We stuck to basic dishes for our first visit.  I will definitely adventure next visit.  The soup had lots of vegetables cabbage I realize that this restaurant was featured on the Food Network so I'm assuming the food is great; however Pumpkin curry burned my face off! It was tasty but wow. Could have used a warning. Food is a bit over done in terms of presentation and the wait can be deadly.  another time our food took an hour just to come out of the kitchen. Today was my third try to see if the amount of servers/wait time had improved.. it hadn't. I had to have a hostess take our order just to prevent being 30 minutes late back to work (again)"  but both of my lunch visits were delightful.  I had the tofu veggie panang on visit #1 and the tofu veggie yellow curry on visit #2 (I am trying to eat less meat for those who are wondering why I did not partake in the carnivorous options).  Loved both the red chili sauce (panang) and the yellow curry sauce; both were spicy enough with great flavour and came with your choice of soup or spring roll (I opted for the spring roll both times -- YUM!).  Lunch prices range from $8-10.  Go and visit the Thaiger!"  had leftovers :) If you are ever craving Thai food this is the place to be hands down!" "Terrible service! Food arrived after a 40 min from ordering. Cold. Server with long tri color hair never asked us if we needed anything or checked up on us. Restaurant needs to need the reviews Terrible service! Waited 40 min for a cold dinner. Poor table service! Will not return! Get some good help and great servers like Switch!! Read your Yelp reviews!  the food was mostly good and the service was horrendous enough to not to go back. We will be looking for our Thai food elsewhere." "Only get to dine at the Thaiger a few times a year and it is always a real treat. I have tried a lot of the menu items and even though they are all amazing in their own right  I was spoiled with so many great Thai restaurants. Wild Thaiger definitely have some delicious food. I had the Kiewan (green curry beef) for lunch. I also ordered Dragon Eggz for appetizers. My group and I didn't have enough time to try any of the desserts  I thought the portion would be a tad larger for $16.95.  Lunch was fantastic and we will be back but I'll stick to a more budget friendly lunch special." "I went back to Wild Thaiger for lunch today. I ordered Chicken  Pad Thai. It was mediocre and the service was bad. Waitress never asked us how the food was or how we are doing. When I asked her for chopsticks We were so full that we passed up the sticky rice with Mango. So I guess we have to go back. Fine with me!!" Obsessed with this place. Hot pots are to die for and Panang is so delicious. The people that work there are dedicated and the alcoholic verve rages are delicious.  but they had the mist going on outside so the Phoenix heat was manageable. Waitress was nice and quick with the drinks for it being busy. Had the chicken spring rolls for an appetizer and they were deliciously crunchy My expierience was on the higher end of good. Ticket came out to $22.64 and I had to take food home. You can't go wrong for choosing this place." This place is great.  I was really surprised that Phoenix would have such a good Thai place.  The food is excellent.  The price is very reasonable.  And the staff are really friendly.  I have been in Phoenix for 2 1/2 months and I have eaten here at least a half a dozen times. "The food is really good but the chef tops it with a good presentation witch makes your meal that more delightful. Thank you wild thaiger team KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg  but with only 12 tables and 4 waitstaff it shouldn't have been an issue.  40 minute of standing around and they finally pulled together two open tables and sat our ""large party"" of 5. They then proceeded to tell us that it would ""be a while"" until someone would be out to take our order "The food is ok.  The much promoted Dragon eggs are nothing more than a Chinese siu mai (deep fried or steamed) with a jalapeo on top of it.  All the dishes we ordered  and the price is right. I easily could have expected lunch to cost twice as much; $8 for a Chicken Curry plate for lunch Overall it's pretty good Thai food. Service was good as well. We Had a hard time understanding our waitress but we made it thru. If you're a local come try it." The lunch menu prices are fair at about $8 an entree." "My husband and I saw this place on DDD and thought we would give it a try. Service was great  the food was good. The only reason this is a lower rating is because it did not blow me away  marginal food.  I left barely eating the dish.  Not worth taking anything home."  but it has been a few years so I thought I'd give it another shot.   I had the yellow chicken curry.   It was okay.   They add some kind of thickener to the sauce The cost seems rather decent for a restaurant of this caliber." greet amiably---too many wonderful restaurants midtown to tolerate rudeness---and many more new ones opening up--I am sorry for the owners however to have a young lady represent them so poorly." Definitely recommend.  Shrimp Pad Thai was the best. Would love to try the Mango Cheesecake next time. "Disappointing to say the least!  We came in years ago when it first opened and now I remember why we haven't been back...the food is just not good.  We both ordered the pad see ew - little to no flavor and the pork was tough.  Sorry I'm definitely recommending this place and the food. Will be back my next trip to AZ. I had: dragon eggs (crispy) The best Thai food I have ever had! I love how they made my pad Thai vegan! Very nice staff as well!! Will be going back very soon!  it was a good 15 minutes before anyone came over to us. It took us another 20 minutes to get water and once they finally took our order 3 appetizers came out along with the first person's dinner. There are 8 of us total and over the course of the next 15 minutes a dinner here and a dinner there came out. The 8th dinner came out when the rest of us were completely done. Our server thought the way to handle this was bt cracking jokes and buying a drink for that a person The food is amazing! I love when I find small business gems like this that are making delicious food. The staff is very nice and everything was so good!  and both declared it delicious.  I need to go back to try the Chicken Pad Thai that my friend liked.   My only suggestion is I needed to be given a spoon so I could enjoy every drop of my ginger sauce.  The perfect mango cheesecake I ordered inspired my friends to get their own slice.  The service was excellent especially since she helped my friends get a proper introduction to Thai food.  Parking behind the restaurant was available at lunchtime.  The bill for the three of us was less than $35.  I wish I lived closer as I need to try more on menu." Food is fantastic. Dragon eggs and Basil chicken my faves. Had at least 10 different items off the menu and enjoyed if family style. Great service and can't wait to go back.  we ordered a Milk Tea. I'm a sucker for boba and their boba was good. Good not great. The milk tea tasted like cereal milk "Super good Thai food !! Once you come here you'll never go to Pei Wei again ! Smells DELISH upon walking in  "The food last Friday was terrific. Local friends took us. I like Thai but am not well versed. I tried the Gai Katchu and cleaned my plate. I asked them to bump it up to 2 chiles and it gave just enough heat w/out burning later on. I also tried the Thai iced tea as recommended by our friends. It is sweet I'm disappointed. The food was way over priced. The quality of the food was okay. The rice wasn't fresh. The fresh rolls tasted old. The Thai tea was good. But over all I'll most likely not go here again.  veggies and brown rice. OMG!!!! It was sooooo good. It cost extra to substitute white rice with brown. Not sure why it's an extra cost but whatever. I ordered it from the list of lunch specials. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because their lack of vegetarian soup options. The lunch specials include soup and egg roll. Well  this Thai restaurant has the best cheese cake I've ever tasted." The Veggie Spring Rolls were really good!  Our entrees were also delicious & our service was very good.  This is for sure my new spot for Thai food in our neighborhood. Good food and service. If the food is listed as spicy it is. Papaya salad was excellent as was the jasmine tea. Service was perfect.  but I had to take a star away for the lack of service. We waited approximately 15 minutes just for water. The food here is really good and has great flavor. If you know good Thai food this is the place for you. I will come back again I've been going here for two years. The service is always pleasant and the food is consistently good!  I had to finish it. My girlfriend had the shrimp pad Thai and they are always very generous with shrimp. Unlike some place where you get like 3 pieces. A comeback place for sure." 4 Bud for $9 was a great deal as well." "Great dinner last night. Our waiter was super helpful in recommending items and specialties on the menu. The owner  portions are large and the prices are AMAZING! You can have a full meal with leftovers for under $10 bucks. They let us sit outside with our pup and every time we eat here everyone at our table loves their dishes. What more can you ask for? I like taking a stroll into the dark inside and looking at the photos of the famous people that have been here in the past Ate there recently and the service was very poor: it took 20 minutes to get even a glass of water; others who were seated after us had orders taken before us; and then the food took a long time as well. Choose a different restaurant.  not the customers...too late now...taking the food to go... After multiple requests for a darker area were pretty much unaccommodated... Hopefully the food is worth the hassle." "Awful experience. Arrive at 11:55 today. Seated at 12:00. 15 minutes later we had to get up and ask for a drink and for someone to take the order. We never saw a server again. At least not at our table. The people next to us got decent service. It seemed like the new their server. We finally had to leave. When we told the hostess on the way out. It was just Absolutely delicious!  The papaya salad was fantastic.  I ordered a Chicken Pad Thai which was so delicious.  And my co-worker ordered the 24k green curry which was super tasty with the right amount of sweetness and spice.  Definitely recommend this restaurant.  and the white chocolate orange cheese cake is incredible! Maybe best ever.. Seriously! Service was outstanding and friendly. Early dinner not busy. Nice. Moderately priced too. Don't  miss this gem in mid-town Phoenix!" "This restaurant is definitely a place you want to come to to eat some dishes with vibrant flavors. The dishes we ordered had great flavors and had the right amount of spice. Expect to wait for about 15-20 minutes to be seated I also ordered a Thai tea and the chicken pad Thai. I will definitely be back for the food but not for the service."  but it wasn't great either." "This place is all about the food. Atmosphere is ""eh..."" service is ok...but the despite the wait - the food is exceptional! 100% worth the wait!"  perfect spices and fall of the bone meat . The 24k vegetarian curry has the best presentation I've seen at a Thai restaurant and is filed with tasteful spices. There coconut rice is also a must try. Would recommend" This place is great . Good food BUT SERVICE IS BAD.. Takes too long to get food and not enough staff to take care of customer. They need to hire a hostess and a busser to make things easier. Been there 3 times and food always great but service ALWAYS slow. And on the menu lunch are $7.95 but you are billed $9.95. Go figure. Any please fix it.  but would not be opposed to returning especially for the service and atmosphere." "Closes restaurant to one of my favorites in Las Vegas ""Archies Thai"" that I have been able to find in Phoenix.  Panga curry is top notch.." "Service was terrible! We drove 2 hours from Sedona to eat here. Total of 21 people together. The first 10 people arrived and were not seated and was told that all the parties needed to be present.  Waited 45-60 mins standing outside until the rest of the group arrived. Finally when the rest of the group arrived the Mngr then said we have to wait a lot longer and needed to be seated by groups Overall: The food was delicious for the most part Awesome restaurant!  You have to go there!" I've eaten here a few times now and everything I've had has been fantastic as well as the service. The dragon eggz and the crab wontons are two of my favorite appetizers anywhere. The fried banana with coconut ice cream is friggin yummy. Still workin my way through the entrees but I haven't had a bad one yet!!! We enjoyed the food at this restaurant. Our disappointment is in how the wait staff was directed to assist the customer. It seems that the wait staff have a variety of jobs other than taking care of the patron. This caused our food to be delayed. It also caused our bill to be delayed. We never were quite sure who our waitress was. It is some of the best Thai food we've had but the service is disappointing.  but a disappointing experience." Great food.  Poor service.  Waitress was rude and avoided my inquire of service. I had to wait 20 minutes to get food.  meh.  Had to refill my own water twice.  Too bad this place has potential to be great but employees don't seem to care." The food was everything Guy said it is.....awesome!"  give this place a try!"  which was a really good thing. Music was modern pop which was pleasantly surprising. I was wonderfully impressed and would recommend anyone here for anything from a lunch to a first date  would totally return." Service blows.  Got here a few minutes past the lunch hour and tried to order the lunch special.  The server was rude and denied my request referring me to the dinner menu which was several dollars more and did not come with soup or spring roll.  I won't be back. Bad for: people who want to see wild animals. I would recommend a zoo for that." great drinks- curry is amazing- coconut rice is a must!!!!!!!! love the location wished they had more of a thai atmosphere as far as music goes and longer happy hour "I've been there twice for lunch during the week.  Food was very good both times.  One of the times  but not anywhere near the top for Thai food." Looking forward to returning - and even if there is a long wait - at least I know the food will be delicious and make it worth the wait." My favorite dishes include the green curry and fried catfish with red curry... Hands down the best in the city. My girlfriend and I accidentally found this place and it was the best accident ever! The Pad Thai and Chicken Curry was absolutely amazing and the Dragon eggs were delicious! Definitely Going back!  and the service was great. I was visiting from out of town and this place really impressed me." Fantastic thai food. It took a while for our service and my thai basil was a bit salty but it still tasted really good and great service.. Its hard to find a good thai place and i like this place very well so far Only item that was a disappointment was the Thai Iced Tea. It was extremely sweet. I love Thai Iced Tea "Cute place for consistent neighborhood Thai. They handle all the usual suspects quite well  maybe even in this part of Phoenix. Parking is easy and convenient. Call first if you don't know the schedule as they go back to Thailand now and then for visits." This family run restaurant is a pleasant change from the chain eateries so common in Phoenix. They have beer and wine"  be patient if you call for take-out.  I've been put on hold for 5 minutes or more and I've also been hung up on before." We recommend this restaurant to all of our friends that like Thai food!" Best Thai in town. I've been eating here since 1994 or so.  and I'm afraid to open the fridge because I know it is full of take-out boxes dating back to August '07.""  You think I'm joking.  I wish I was.  But I digress.  TL is that DL (as in ""down-low"") kind of place where you can just sit and decompress over a warm plate of food at the end of the day.  The hot tea is good.  Make sure to try it.  As for food...  I can only talk in generalities because unfamiliar foreign words I can't pronounce just don't stick in my brain.  So The next time I'm craving Thai  choose this place over the stuffy and pricey Malee's. It's true that the service is not always the best "This place lacks in atmosphere wct7rZKyZqZftzmAU-vhWQ  and they'll replace meat with tofu for the ones that aren't (still might want to check sauce ingredients). Shared the sweet and sour tofu and a shrimp dish (can't remember the name) and both were equally delicious. The Thai iced tea was tasty  and they cooked it truly thai hot.  This was the first place we've been to here that they actually listen and cook to the requested heat level.  I was sweating up a storm by the end of the meal My only complaint about this place is that they need to put some sort of tinting on the windows to a height of about 3 feet.  When cars are pulling into the spots right in front of the restaurant some diners were blinded by the headlights."  come when we are too hungry and we will probably avoid the appetizers and just go straight to the entree good stuff." The extra star is for their coconut ice cream served over sticky rice!  It's not everyday that I can savor the sight of my Mom enjoying her meal."  and mom-and-pop ambiance.  You really can't go wrong with any of the food here I will definitely go back -- but order my food a bit spicier next time!" Above average Thai food. "Not too bad.  Seems just like basic Thai food. Been here a few times and tried about 6 dishes.  All were good but not ""oh my gawd"" good.  The shrimp dish was good I remember that.  The iced tea is gross tiger would not fear scorpion."  and Thai Lahna aced them both.  Their Pad Thai is still very much in contention for my favorite in Phoenix.  The Green Curry has a great flavor Oh and at the end of the meal when we were comment on the decor we were presented with two chinese fortune cookies which kind of broke the mood...especially since my fortune wanted to teach me how to say ""long time"" in chinese. yeeeah." Thai Lahna is a must try if you're in the mood for some savory  but the food is well worth the emotional abuse you endure. Check it out Just to reiterate what i said in the beginning: Red...Coconut...Curry.   I don't remember the number. Chicken or Shrimp are both good. You won't be sorry." I can't believe I lived within walking distance from Thai Lahna for over a year and missed out on such a delicious place!!" Woo hoo! Thai Lahna now has a website: http://thailahna.com/index.html. It will be so much easier for me to order to-go now!  though I almost always get take-out.  I drool as I drive home with my bag neatly closed I generally order takeout but dining in is also a fun experience. I have not had one bad meal here and the price point is right on! Take a group of friends and have fun!"  long wait when it's busy (but it's hard to hate on a place that is too busy)  plus an uneasy feeling of grease in our tummies...Sorry to contradict the high ratings I give this restaurant 4 Noms!"  great service and amazing food at good prices. The new website (includes photos of dishes) helps with take-out ordering. The Pad Thai and #35 on the menu are a must."  but service was slow.  Really not a problem since I wasn't looking forward to returning to the office anyway haha.  We got an appetizer salad to share and I ordered chicken himaphan lunch special which comes with soup I wouldn't rush out to this place. There are plenty of other phenomenal Thai joints around."  all lit and hot! I had the Pad Thai.. keeping it real and keeping it simple Thai for this first time back to the Thai after all these years.. Im a new fan.. I love it.. cant wait to go back and get more adventurous.. JUST no fish eye soup.. never ever again! More hot pot soup tho ... Any day!"  I have eaten very authentic Thai food in Thai Town in Hollywood.  The prices are dirt cheap and the food is excellent.  This place the food was more pricey and I had tremendous stomach and digestion problems the next 3 days!  My best friend who is Thai thinks that the curry I got lacked the curry.  Thai curry has the peanut sauce and curry base.  He thinks I got all peanut and no curry.  Just thinking how much peanut I might have ingested makes me want to puke right now."  that I am in a bit of a rut as to what I order there and need to branch out to some of their seafood and vegetarian entrees before I can call myself a Thai food aficionado. Also I did have the thai milk tea and that was good. So one-star for good tea!" Try everything and anything and I promise you will always be satisfied!"  so the food is consistent and wonderful.  Try the Phat Thai is the best I've ever had (and I've had a lot of Phat Thai).  Always clean and has a fun and funky interior design.  Enjoy!" I would go back to try a curry or rice dish  and would like to experience edema and other related salt and water retention I love the decor and ambiance of the restaurant. I ordered a spicy dish and it's so good. Mmmmm  but there's much better Thai to be had in the valley. Even though I live in Arcadia wct7rZKyZqZftzmAU-vhWQ  might have an ulcer the next day but tastes great at the time."  I'm disappointed in the amount of vegetables you receive in your meal. The green curry was AWESOME - but it only came with bamboo shoots and green beans. Next time I'm going to ask for extra veggies and see what happens  however they are only open about half of the time that I want to eat there... They close for a few hours in between lunch and dinner during the week  but I don't mind an old divey place if the food is good.  Yesterday I went there with a colleague for lunch and they brought us water.  We waited for 15 minutes for the server and then left and went to Pei Wei instead because there were 3 other tables waiting for the server when we got there.  And they weren't that busy."  it would be the #15 soup at Thai Lahna.  It's absolutely incredible.  Mouthgasm in every spoonful.  I don't even want to know what's in it because it definitely tastes like ""butter"" is one of the top 3 ingredients  but I can only specifically recommend the Thai Omelette... it's damn good... that is all." I don't know if I'll go back again...I much prefer Tips 88 and Thaiger."  but there's much better Thai food in Phoenix (e.g. Thai Basil  and nothing intriguing.  But food is okay to  good depending on what you order..  Soup is too salty and not much of flavor.  I don't think I will be visiting this place in the future!" Delicious mom and dad place.  I really like their Tom Yum soup.  Some of the best yellow curry around.  Great compromise between price and ambiance.  It's mom and pop but its not super scary inside (i.e. its bright and clean) Take a bunch of friends and order lots!  until I try it a few more times."   I'm still looking for a place like that late night stand that I frequented so much in Chiang Mai... I haven't had much luck here in Phoenix..."  I'm willing to deal with the crappy service because I like their food and it's really close to my house. If they spruced up their timeliness and friendliness a bit this would definitely be a favorite of mine!" This is my favorite Thai food restaurant in my neighborhood because their food is consistently delicious.  Their prices are reasonable.  This mom and pop place is cozy and simple.  It is great for dinning in or take out. This place is in my top thai places ive ever been to and ive been to many around the country!! I am obssessed with thai food since i was in grade school when i tried pad thai for the first time and i was hooked...their panang curry is AMAZING and i always get it spicy!! The pad thai green and yellow currys are also delicious...this place isnt fancy or expensive its perfect for take out or a casual lunch or dinner...love it everyone should try it!! Note: I didn't taste the saltiness that others complained about." I don't care how good the food is....THIS PLACE HAS THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN. I HAVE WORKED FOR RESTURANTS AND HAVE NEVER HAD PEOPLE TREAT THERE CUSTOMERS THIS WAY!!!!!!" I'd like to go back and try their Tom kha Kai - the coconut milk soup and I wanted to try their dessert - mango with sticky rice - but I was already too full to handle it. That's okay Absolutely the best red curry in history.  Wife loved the brocoly chicken.  I live in Idaho and there are only 2 restaurants in Phoenix I go out of my way for.  Thai lahna is one of them.. I go this place often. Curry is always good and the coconut chicken soup is the best in the valley. I order rice with the soup. Yummy!!! Service is usually not the best. I have had a lot of frustrations trying to do pick up orders. They don't answer the phone or put you on hold forever and forget about you....but once you get your food its worth it!! wct7rZKyZqZftzmAU-vhWQ "The vast majority of restaurants don't last 5 years.  Thai Lahna has lasted for decades and for good reason.  Consistently above average in every category - food  it is a sit down restaurant as well but I don't much care for the atmosphere of the restaurant. The food is delicious They have several dishes I'd like to try out  even tho others say they have had problems with their service. The place is filled with lot's on the walls to look at  if anything. It is a small restaurtant "What a joy to discover Thai Lahna with my friend Keith Galbut who has been going here for over 10 years. I can see why. Family owned and operated - and everyone is very friendly and helpful. Of course all that matters is the food I doubt I will ever return.  What a nasty first impression to give out to people.  Judging from some of the other reviews on in  we go to celebrate anniversaries and birthdays and have always had good service. l always enjoy the food and will always go back. Too bad not open on Sundays. I highly recommend this restaurant for excellent Thai food."  but not to expect everyone to scram if they are having a meal. I will never go back." Someone at Thai Lahna needs to regroup and reorganize. I hope they get their act together because it is a great location and has been good in the past." I don't think this is a place I would ever dine in at  instead of sweetened condensed milk.  That is a big fail right there!  I am sure that by now there are many many better Thai food restaurants in the Valley.  Go and find them.  Pass this one by - unless you are really hungry and stuck in the strip mall for some reason." I've been eating here for at least 15 years. And I must say its probably the only thai restaurant in the phoenix area that I will always return to. The food is tasty and consistent. I've tried many of the surrounding thai restaurants and most of them leave a lot to be desired. Thai Lana makes really good food. I recommend. Shrimp with chillis and mint I think is number 45 or 46 its tastey and I usually ask for one notch below thai hot so its hot but not so hot. Also I recommend the yellow or red curry. Coconut flavour and never watery just the rite amount coconut and spice. The portions are addiquete. I usually oder these two plates and invariably I always have some ledt over to take home.  A friend that is very much a steak and potatoes guy. He dosent care much at all for thai food. He really likes thai lana. In fact its been his suggestion that we dine here on our two most recent visits. The ony con I can think of is that they don't have brown rice. If they had brown rice I would give them 5 stars  and Thai Lahna does not disappoint in this aspect.  It's one of those places where you can have a completely vegetarian meal and only notice that there was no meat after your meal.  They are definitely generous with their portions and their pricing is very reasonable."  service a bit slow. I forgot my American Express card there and the next day got calls from the Amex office about suspicious activity on my card and sure enough some one was using it to buy goods from a Disney store in DC. I mentioned it to the owner but she said it couldn't possibly be any one from her place. her only concern was if their charge had gone through before I cut off the card." I recommend either A. ordering take out or B. Order your food when you get there  spices-----and they will really heat it up with the peppers!  The staff are always very friendly.  I usually go once a week now that I'm back in the Phoenix area------oh This was one of the first places I dined at when I moved to Phoenix and I was quite impressed. The green curry tasted very authentic and service was impeccable. It's a must try!  this was a terrible restaurant that I would highly NOT recommend.  The only thing good is the price.  Certainly not the food and DEFINITELY not the service."  but to be put on the floor with zero training and to be so rude to a customer really blows my mind." best Thai Food in Phoenix.  The have a whole vegetarian menu and The sweat and sour tofu is amazing! one of the better thai food places in town.  try the pineapple fried rice and of course the standard pad thai.  Service is ok and a good place for take out too if you live close by.  but I also don't want to judge it on a one time trip." "Food is great.  Bathrooms are disgusting (which naturally makes me wonder what the kitchen is like).  And the past four times I have been here Based on this trip I would probably not return" Overall I really enjoyed my meal here and look forward to coming again. Also the Tom Kai Gai or however you spell it is amazing as well!"  well how ever it is spelled.  IT is DELICIOUS.  We have tried other places and its just not the same.  This is the place for Pad Tie! :-P" My favorite Thai resteraunt!  patient and courteous but never gotten good service. The servers are lazy and sometimes rude and you are going to wait a longtime for every step of the service process. With so many good Thai restaurants in Phoenix there is no reason to eat here."  your life will be incomplete without it. However I also recommend just getting it for take out. If you have to eat-in  so I will certainly be back!" We've decided to just get thai from Sa-Bai and they will get our 2+ times a month thai fix."  it's a real treat. The pad thai is a great dish especially when paired with a cold Thai iced tea. Prices and portions are reasonable. Would really like to see this place become more consistent with serving up tasteful  I've ordered takeout from them twice now and it's been a challenge. The staff has no knowledge of the menu without ordering by numbers. The dishes are not spicy and portions are on the small side for the price. When I arrived both times I was not greeted and it was dead in there. I asked for chili oil just anything that would make the dish spicy and neither staff member knew what I was talking about. I will not be coming back just for the fact that they may not know where they are working!"  keep working at it! Unfortunately this is a restaurant Used Yelp to find some Thai food while i am in Phoenix for business. Fast good service and excellent food. Highly recommend it!!!  I can count on having good service and a good meal here!" When I'm back in town will check out some other places." Would be 3.5 to 4 stars for solid food but phone was busy for an hour straight.  I decided to go there and place my order. I saw the phone was left off the hook for the last 2.5 hours...phone was ticking on screen. She then told me they were busy with orders and lied (server who was taking order at desk). I guarantee the owner who is very nice doesn't realize why no one called to put in order all night. I called every 2 minutes for an hour and no one even picked up order. "I love thai food and go to various thai restaurants weekly. I went here recently. Waited 10 minutes to be seated. Then waited another ten minutes before leaving. I overheard a ""to go"" customer complain about the wait. She had been there for an hour! Very dated decor is another negative." Was the first Thai restaurant to nourish me with curries and noodles when I moved down to Phoenix and as such it holds the pole position when the call for massaman arises. Friendly family service offering all of the Thai standards we expect.  Fill up on the classics but don't leave without savoring the Mango with Sweet Coconut Sticky Rice dessert.  great Thai tea and food."  another crucial ingredient that marks Thai flavors?? This could pass for Americanized Chinese food though but I'll pass on this place next time..."  they may be a bit strapped in coverage. But they're so gosh darn nice it doesn't matter :)" I have been to many Thai restaurants and I usually always rate a Thai place by their pad thai. I have to say I was not impressed.  First of all when your paying for shrimp pad thai and not inexpensively cone to find they only give you 3 shrimp. There service was good and the decor was very authentic but just was not worth the price you are paying for. Even tho it was ok I will not be returning. There are more places to choose from. wct7rZKyZqZftzmAU-vhWQ  more expensive then most other places and small portions I would stop by again if I'm in the area and have a Thai craving." We will never go back." The food was very good and its value was even better.  Wasn't too crowded but take out was booming. My new favorite Thai place for sure  the food is amazing When the lady cook is in with Chef Tom the food is not as creamy and rich and if she cooks without chef Tom then you are better off not having Thai that evening. It would probably be an ok type of food being served if Chef Tom is not in."  and it confirmed once again that they make the best pineapple fried rice I've ever had.  Here's what is mixed with the rice and curry powder:  scallions I just moved back to Phoenix from New York and was set on finding an authentic Thai restaurant. I was really impressed by this place and would highly recommend it to anyone looking to experience traditional Thai cooking.  however these dishes were more like bland and very limited in any real flavor at all. I will say the sweet chili sauce was good which was a relief so we could add I to make some flavor. Chicken Satay was underwhelming. We had fried rice was good avoid pork however the shrimp were pretty good. We also had BBQ chicken which was not terrible and came to the table flaming that was nice however very limited on flavor again."  just like it took awhile to get served in the first place. So if you have time to spare and are not a stickler for impeccable service  legit Thai food for cheap in the Arcadia/Biltmore area. There just isn't. As a result The portion size was the killer. I am still very hungry. I ordered #86. Usually I have left overs at other Thai places. I'm not a large individual with an obscenely large appetite. I wont be coming back. I'd need to order two dishes  and It even included warm cole slaw/ veggies (yuck!). I don't seriously see myself having Thai for a long time..." I'll have to remember to try some of the other yelped recommendations in food choice. Thanks guys..." The service was great but the food was average at best. I ordered two of the most basic Thai dishes chicken curry and Thai BBQ chicken. The chicken was gross and the curry was runny and not very flavorful. The rice was soggy. I wish it was better as I really enjoyed the service and it's the closet Thai spot near my home. wct7rZKyZqZftzmAU-vhWQ "EVERYTiME I try to go to this restaurant they are always closed. The food is amazing but don't even bother going because they will be closed. Even when you go during their listed ""open hours"" they will still be closed. They clearly have not adapted to the modern age.  GREAT FOOD I've had several dishes here and they're always great. I'm a spicy food aficionado and they always do me well. I've had a couple beef curries  take drink oder Nothong! Not even eye contact or ""well be right with you"".... we walked out and went somewhere else and I still think  the staff didn't notice. On a good note the first 2 times we went the pinapple fried rice is by far the best thing I have ever had!"  I ordered the Tohm Khah Kai soup (add a side of rice) and it was literally out of this world. The best part was that it came flaming! {Great for Yelp photos! ;)} My boyfriend and I were practically drinking the bowl by the time we were done. It is definitely enough for 2-4 to share before your main meal. It is the BEST dish on a cool winter evening! Since Thai Lahna is only a bike ride from my house  but they never came back to ask if I wanted another or if my friend wanted another beer. Then there was the flavors...I have had a lot of Pad Thai in many different city's around the U.S. and this was not good. I can't put my finger on it but there was a spice or a flavor missing and the sauce was oily. The shrimp was cook well  Not even sure how this place got 3.5 average stars. Ordered eggplant and green curry with chicken. Eggplant wasnt even near cooked and tasted like leather. Curry tasted like salty water (a ton of water) with a few pieces of chicken and the rest was nothing but bamboo shoots and more bamboo shoots. I know people have their off days but this was waaaay off. I do not recommend this place if you like Thai food. Too many other spots to get your fix. I wouldn't give a 1 unless I got sick." "Chicken Curry was good. Not the best "The Waitress & the cook were extremely rude!  I walked out and won't be back again.  They also don't serve Phat Thai on the lunch menu  a gentleman came in and asked the hostess if they had Pad Si Ew. She said the didn't have it and suggested something else. I JUST ORDERED IT AND SHE SAID THEY DIDN'T HAVE IT!!! That's why you need at least one person who speaks Thai and understands the menu."  since there's only one other Thai option in the area. Went to place a phone order today and the woman taking my order was seriously annoyed with me The restaurant is always very cold which is nice on a hot Arizona summer day but it might be worth bringing a light jacket."  but I would have probably given them 4/5 if their service had been decent. Actually watched a group leave before ordering because no one came to bring them water or menus for 15+ minutes even though they only had three tables. We did get our food in a timely fashion which was nice "This is one of our favorite Thai places to eat. I understand service might not be the best but I believe they are doing their best given their given situation and circumstance. If the service is not your particular brandy it is probably best to get your food to go. However Worst place ever!Food was gross!Stay away!"  is because the place is clean. I appreciate clean."  this restaurant will not be it. I ordered a simple Green Curry and it was so runny and bland. The veggies were not cooked still raw. Thank goodness I ordered peanut sauce otherwise all I would be tasting is warm rice mush! This dish cost around $11.50 and all I got was rice Service sucks.  Food was all too salty.   Don't waste your time here. Took 9 minutes to get a waiter to bring water and take our drink order.  Another while went by without ordering and the Hispanic (not Thai) waitress didn't know the menu items.  made with chicken AND shrimp! Great Red Chicken curry too  Mon-Fri. Only open for dinner on Saturday. Closed Sunday/holidays." "I LOVE Thai food... and Pink Pepper has some very good Thai food. They are the best place in town to get traditional Thai dishes.  Everything I have ever eaten there was well prepared Was I there on a bad day or what?  I showed up 15 minutes after they opened and EVERY item I tried was either luke warm or cold.    They have 15+ items on the lunch buffet and I tried a bite of all of them.   Gross and bland.   I felt sick to my stomach after I left because I kept thinking how bad the food was. Yuck! To recap: stop reading this and get down there post-haste."  asi. My lunch companion thoroughly enjoyed his panang curry and was sweating up a storm from the spice.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong dish.  Oh well  I do have to comment that I disagree with JBH J.'s review that the prices are high. I thought they were very reasonably priced." Fried chicken in creamy garlic sauce with carrots and celery and onions. = This was my favorite dish. I really liked it."  and I will also use it as a way to get finicky eaters I know to try something different (boofays are great for that).  I loves me a boofay.    Weekday lunch price $9.15 after tax (no drink)" OH YEAH... They painted and re decorated. It looks really good in there." So since I promised I'd do it Thai custard and fresh Mango sticky rice just sent this meal over the top The onlly thing I didn't enjoy were the eggrolls. They looked like they were straight from a La Choy freezer box. Instead of homemade and all big and bumpy they were finger sized with that weird dough that is flaky on the outside but retains all the grease inside and tastes like hot dirt. Anyway I can't comment on dinner but if you don't feel comfortable with the lunch buffet at least give them a shot with dinner." http://www.yelp.com/biz/tara-thai-phoenix#hrid:jZ5ynxfXefkDBzm4vB1E4A" Wait-staff is nice but I always need to tell them I need extra napkins." Reminds me of the great food in the Bay Area - definitely worth trying." Food was awesome!! Everything at the table had us in Thai Heaven!! Our waitress was so nice and friendly and always made sure we had enough to drink! All that great food at such a great price! Can't wait to come back...  and btw average Thai is not worth having.  I had what I usually have at Thai places I've never been to before:  Pad Thai & Satay. That's generally safe when you don't know the restaurant.  Like I said  so just reassure him and you will get it. They leave every year for a month during the summer so you are warned. They do not serve alcohol but you can bring your own and he doesn't charge. Enjoy!"  but have an even better dinner menu. I generally get one of the curry lunch dishes and love the soup and spring rolls they serve. Delicious! I'd highly recommend trying this place out if you're in the area." You'll have no trouble getting a table for lunch.  The lunch pricing is reasonable  and that is one reason I still have love in my heart for them! This place rocks! It's a small family owned place and very authentic Thai! My husband and I are addicted to Thai food and test them by our favorites "I love Krua.  It is one of my favorite places to eat.  At one time their Spicy Fried Fish and Tom Yum Gai made its way to my plate about 3 times a week.  And their Thai Coffee and Coconut Ice Cream is absolutely delightful.  I have tried over half the menu and haven't had a bad meal yet.  The only reason I knocked off one star is there seemed to be some recipe changes "Best Thai food ever!!! The Tom yum soup is spicy and very tasty. Thai red curry is fabulous. And a absolute must is the sweet rice and champagne mangos. Don't let the unassuming ""hole-in-the-wall"" type exterior fool you. This is true authentic AMAZING thai food!"  but I'll be coming back here regularly to get as close to it as I can." Good authentic Thai within a block of my pad.. yay for that.. kind of a divey look from the outside.. oh well.. those can be the best places to find good yelpage materials for my tummy.. Friendly from the get.. Had the Penang .. Pineapple Fried Rice with chicken and shrimp.. and some tofu Pad Thai.. not a fan of the veggie egg rolls.. but thats okay.. 3 out of 4 being awesome.. good to go:-) A 5-star will be doled out after experiencing the dining in Krua." Really amazing! I was having a major craving for pad thai and did not want pei wei or pink pepper again right now.. As I was getting tired of always going there. I tried Krua Thai's Pineapple Fried Rice and at first I was shocked by the price at 9.75 but there was plenty enough for the two of us to split and it was quite tasty I will always get it again when we go back. The Pad Thai was really good as well.  My partner and I both loved them and will eat them again. Service was friendly and the portions were huge..  Enough for dinner and lunch the next day.." I don't care what you Thai purists have to say... I get around when it comes to pad thai and this place is duking it out in my heart for first."  just a casual and inexpensive place to satisfy your taste for Thai.  The menu offers a large selection of authentic Thai dishes and if since they don't have a liquor license  do not forget to ask for them to make your dish with chili otherwise your salty sweet dish will not have a hint of heat." If you think you like (love) Thai - you owe it to yourself to try this place out." "Very good and spicy Thai food! I ordered it medium and it had a serious kick. Dishes are about $9 which is reasonable I tried this place on a whim after searching for takeout using my phone. I was pleasantly surprised and will definitely make another visit. The Spicy Cashew and Deep Fried Tofu with Vegetables was really good and so was the Pad Thai. I'm looking forward to trying some of the other dishes. The inside was casual and clean. "Love this restaurant! I'm that annoying person who always walks in here ten minutes before close and asks for take out. They always accommodate and are incredibly friendly! Outstanding food and wonderful people. Pad Thai is great  and Hot Curry Catfish.  All were excellent with great flavor!  The Spicy Rice was cooked with lots of fresh veggies and not too over powering.  The Pad Thai is legit as all the other reviews say and the Catfish Curry was a nice discovery. The jalapeos definitely up the heat factor and overall its a great dish." You will not be disappointed."  from the food to the service.  The place is owned and run by a thai family and the food is as close to Thailand as I'll ever get.  I've tried other thai places in AZ and in a couple of states and none can compare to Krua thai.  As a regular to this place  a word of warning -- they're closed on Sundays."  the rice was mostly white and they were skimpy on the meat and shrimp. I liked my dish better than his. I just read in another review that Krua is BYOB. We will certainly be back." I would recommend this restaurant for anyone who loves Thai food." I only give three stars because of the abundance of potatoes in the curry compared to the meat and carrots and also because the spring rolls were not good at all." Yet this has got to be the best Thai restaurant in the Northeast valley." It's a very small restaurant and service was very nice. It might not be the most authentic Thai on the planet I really enjoy Thai food and have visited Thailand but don't eat it too often because the Thai restaurants Near my home are just so-so. So I was delighted to find this place on a business trip. The yellow curry was one of the tastiest I have ever eaten. Service was quick and efficient and the prices for lunch were excellent. They were understanding of how to prepare food completely vegetarian. (No fish sauce in the curry.)  I don't know why people are raving about this place. Maybe I went there on an off day because my food was lacking flavor and my Tom Yum soup was luke warm without any lemon grass. Tom Yum soup is known for having a hot & sour lemon flavor to it and the soup had none of it.  My Pad Thai noodles where like something out of a box (Aunt Chens Pad Thai) that you buy at the super market.  My yellow curry with chicken wasn't so yellow "This is my favorite Thai food place! The owners are a older couple  and Thai hot is THAI HOT. YUM! I have had spicy basil fried rice that is pretty good at other establishments that would give this place a run for the money but I am not complaining! Give it a try!!" I'm doing that here. No Mercy; and never again." "We really enjoy Krua Thai.  Its a small place and never super crowded.  The food has been reliably delicious.  My husband prefers Krua Thai to Sala Thai  the spiciness did not ruin the dish. I was happy to have the Thai Iced tea because I actually needed it with this dish. I have already had a small serving of my leftovers for breakfast and it is even spicier and better than yesterday. I will be back to try some other dishes and I am very happy that I gave them a second chance."  so delicious. I have gone in here just for the soup before! The dinner sizes are also available throughout the entire day  I even left a tip. I ordered the red curry tofu extra spice and it was very delicious. I wish I did not order the extra spicy and just got the hot because I could not even eat all of it because it was so spicy. However Don't miss the coconut ice cream."  fresh tofu cut with ridges so as to absorb more flavor from the curry sauce. I ordered it ""hot"" and that was plenty spicy for lunch! It made me sweat "Wow....one of the first Thai food restaurant that make the food as spicy as you ask.    Really good flavor Great lunch specials!!" nefBMCGgMPvOnASoyO_X1A  which is Stir-fried chicken in spicy peanut sauce served over a bed of lettuce. This was $8.95. The flavor was incredible but there was just a bit too much sauce. Mixing rice in with it helped. The last thing we tried was out of this world amazing. Chicken and Shrimp Pad Thai. We got everything with ""Medium"" spice which was perfect. We eat a lot of spicy food and medium was just a a great temp. The Pad Thai also was $8.95. We ended up bringing home half of each entree for lunch. This will definitely end up on our list of places to take friends for dinner. On our way out we glanced in the kitchen and it appears they also make their own noodles!" Most authentic Thai Ive ever had!! My favorite dish from when I was in Thailand was garlic pepper chicken and they do it perfectly! Amazing food! Some of the best curry we have had! So craveable & authentic !! Overall a 4 and so far the best Thai we have found in Phoenix.  We will go to this restaurant again and am interested in trying some of the other items that people have raved about." This place's been here forever. The food is always good. We ordered beef salad and stir fry basil with pork. Very tasty. Kick ass hot for medium heat. Wow. "I have had the yellow and green chicken curry and both were delicious. I have had both dishes to go and they give a generous portion. The service is polite and fast and food is delicious.they are closed on sundays We were a little disappointed with our selections.  I had duck with a sweet curry and a lot of veggies.  My wife had the same with seafood.  Her's was not as sweet and was better of the two.  I wish I would have tried the panang or green curry.  I have to say the spring roll was only OK as well.  not enough basil and cilantro.  Mostly just lettuce.  The place is cute and the service is very good. Been here a few times. Close to the house. Not bad for this part of town. Nice pleasant atmosphere inside. Service is good. You can peek through the serving window and see them making the food. I had the Tom Yum soup extra Thai spicy and it cleared up my stuffed up head within minutes. Great flavors. Simply Yummy!  but the curry dish was not too bad when you add rice especially.  I would recommend this as the quality of the beef was good and the preparation of both dishes was good too." "Amazing! We ordered red curry & panang curry and they both were so good. I really enjoy spicy but I decided to be safe and order medium - which they told me would still be pretty spicy. My mouth was at a perfect balance of on fire and delicious. I would definitely recommend. Also  because Krua Thai is fantastic. Very authentic and well priced. Portion sizes are generous and the staff is very friendly. My new go-to for Thai in Phoenix. Nothing on the menu has disappointed so far."  pad tai and red curry with pork.... The whole meal was essentially uneatable. All I could taste in the soup and curry was cream something sweet and lotsa salt. The steamed rice was good but that's about it. When I peaked in the kitchen I saw an older Asian lady so I thought it was gonna taste good however I was severely dissapointed.  I don't know if I just got the wrong stuff or  the ol lady was having an off day or what. But suffice to say we hit five guys on the way home I was so sad." Very good overall - I will be back!" "Went here one night for take out after going to zumba across the street.  The tom yum was delicious and spicy.  The thai beef salad puzzled me because it had all the cooked part at the bottom and had iceberg lettuce on top.  That was probably a good idea to make it travel  even sweet-n-sour stuff. I highly recommend the chai tea. Very sweet I'm definitely plan on going back and taking the rest of the family to enjoy their cuisine." nefBMCGgMPvOnASoyO_X1A Wish they'd open one up closer to queen creek!" Had tried the Tom Kha Chicken soup (Hot) and Spicy Hot chicken fried rice..it was too goo!"  and a nice variety on the lunch menu. The service was pretty quick. I ordered the sweet basil with beef and was not disappointed. I would gladly go back."  and Thai hot.  The hot is on the edge of the max I can take. There is a Thai place in Scotttsdale where I order very hot and it's maybe as spicy as the medium hot is here at Krua Thai.  Give it a try and thank me later."  we must have chosen some of the wrong items." We just moved down the street from this place so it's possible we will be back  and the green chili chicken. I was not disappointed by any of them. I highly recommend it. The staff is always polite and the service is great."  but I have ventured into some of the other dishes. Love it and recommend it." Favorites: Thom Kha Soup with chicken and Spicy Cashew Chicken."  food is awesome.  Real Thai...pretty sure you could strip lead based paint off furniture with anything prepared Thai hot.  It's Thai food the way it is supposed to be.  Also chicken is super lean and awesomely prepared.  Place is best Thai I've been to in Phoenix let alone the United States." ok so.. I'm obviously no thai connoisseur.. but I was really looking forward to a good peanut sauce with my Pad Thai.. Fail.  and pad thai and yellow curry were not flavorful at all.  I would love to support this local restaurant though but it's been a little inconsistent.  Now Touch of Thai pad thai is awesome and the Thai House is better Not too shabby!  If you are looking for some solid Pad Thai then enjoy yo self because this hit the spot.  The shrimp rolls were yummy and we will definitely hit this place up again when the Pad Thai craving hits.. Do yourself a favor and eat here. Fresh classic traditional cuisine.  Always amazing.  so I wouldn't recommend having a dinner group larger than 5 show up without calling. I always get the eggplant stir fry. It's delicious I will definitely come back.  The restaurant is attractive Best Thai place in Phoenix or west valley. I've been to all the others. Great for lunch or dinner. Cheap. Tasty. Spicy This is my favorite Thai place in Phoenix and around. Its really authentic Thai. Krua thai rama and Green thai curry are my favorite here . The chicken satay is great too. We are a regular here and would recommend to everyone. Take care of what Spice level you ask for.5 is still above medium and works best for me as I'm an Indian. anything above that can be too much to handle. Just horrible.  Tea was rancid and curry was sour rather than sweet-hot.  Waiter pushed back when I sent the bad food away.  I recommend bypassing this place.  I will never go back. "Food here is awesome! I can't believe I've been living in the area for 2 years and am just now finding Krua Thai. Plenty of choices for vegetarians as they offer to substitute tofu instead of meat. The Pad Thai was delicious and I loved the vegetarian spring rolls.  My only complaint is that the rolls were pretty oily Absolutely love this place and usually eat here every couple/few weeks. I always get the Red Curry and the Chicken Satay. The Thai Tea is really good as well. Food is reasonably priced and the portions are pretty big/filling. You definitely get your moneys worth. Will be back for sure" "OMG amazing!!! This is the go to place for my weekly cheat meal! The egg rolls and chicken pad thai with extra veggies is my favorite meal ever!! They are very friendly every time anyone walks in the door and you get very fast service! Whenever friends and family want to eat thai with us Great food...consistently. Go here with my lunch buddies and been served quick with some hot awesome food. Service is very friendly and helpful in case you are new to Thai but have the pallette for flavors and lastly very decently priced!!  although I may have burned off a few taste buds in the process. The owner even stopped by to apologize. They corrected my order and it was delicious. The Thai ice tea was also larger than I'm used too which was awesome! I would definitely go back. It's tucked away in a strip mall  it super nice to support a small business - especially when the food rocks."  curry fish was much tastier. There are other hole in the wall thai places in the area that i prefer but this was also good." Will definitely come back and try their dinner menu." Great Thai food and great ambiance for a hole in the wall joint. The food has been consistent and much better than other Thai joints in the valley. The only drawback is that they do not serve fountain drinks so you pay a lot of money for one small can of soda. Stick to lunch specials if you plan to visit this joint since dinner is more expensive and literally serves up the same food minus the soup and egg roll. "I love this place. A mom 'n pop place serving very good Thai food at good prices. Watch out for the heat level and be sure to let them know if you want your food mild. And by the way "Great Thai food here. Small place with limited seating but there is usually always an open table. They are heavy on the spice so beware. If you order Thai hot be prepared to sweat. Portion sizes are large enough to share between two ""non-starving"" people. It's small and a little tucked away but definitely worth finding."  tom kay and  the curry noodles. The curry noodles I need at least once a month but if I could I would have it once a week  maybe even spicy/hot from here to get a little more flavor. My veggies were nice and crisp and my noodles not too soggy. Could have used a little more egg in the pad se iew This small establishment has become my favorite Thai place in north Phoenix. Food is always wonderful and quick. Service is good as well. Prices are very reasonable. Larb is my favorite appetizer and the curries are quite delicious. I would recommend ordering medium level of spice. The Thai Ice Tea with cream is yummy too. "Don't let this restaurant's strip mall or small size fool you. The food here is FANTASTIC So. There you have it.  The food is decent but the way we were treated left something to be desired.  I did see people doing takeout .  That might be an idea for folks in the neighborhood but I'll have to find a place that lets me have dessert and coffee and relax a bit."  maybe even spicy/hot from here to get a little more flavor. My veggies were nice and crisp and my noodles not too soggy. Could have used a little more egg in the pad se iew I can be very selective on Thai food. This place was amazing. The Pad Thai I ha was outstanding! Great foood. Great service. Great lunch specials got more than i expected. excellent flavor. Mom and pop literally work together. fantastic . Thai hot is really hot they dont expect people to order it they are surprised when people do but i like hot. and its hot but awesome. Great job keep it up! I love this place. It's close to my apartment and the food is always good whether it's take out or dining in. The staff is always so nice too!  I gave it a try. I had the Pad-Thai at ""medium"" spice level. That was spicy! And I like spicy. Make sure to have a glass of milk or something on hand because it hurts so good. The amount of chicken/shrimp in the dish is scant Sticky Rice for dessert is very tasty Delicious. This was our first visit since Thai Rama has been closed and we were not disappointed.The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The Tom Kah soup was some of the best I've ever had and the lemon infused water was a nice touch. We also had the sweet and sour chicken which was kinda meh but everything else was quite tasty. We will be back for sure.  if you are looking to taste Thai food at it's finest come to Krua Thai Cuisine. The curry's here are out of this world  and it is amazing. Prices are good and nice serving size for great leftovers. Potatoes could be a little thinner cut but still amazing. The yellow curry is very spicy but still worth it! You HAVE to come to this place! Extremely authentic with very nice service and a good interior (not great)." excellent Tom Yum and Tom Kha and Panang Curry. You can get your dish very hot. Hotter than anywhere else I've ever been. Also they have this spice mix on the table that is delish and can easily increase the heat. Service is great. Only drawback would be there are very few tables so don't go at peak dining hours.  Beef or Tofu.  Shrimp is $2 extra.  I chose the tofu and asked that it be fried and then added to the dish--no problem she said.  I also asked for extra spiciness.  The veggie rolls were a nice size and delicious for $2.  Great so far.  The sweet and sour chicken came just as my hubby likes it  if you are not sensitive as I am  but definitely worth the trip.  The food was excellent and the experience was fantastic.  You will definitely like it  don't expect anything fancy - they serve up a more basic version than other americanized fare.  And watch out when spicing it up here - medium is on par with Thai spicy at other joints.  Go ahead and play it safe We just loved it... a lot food... spicy upon request.. good service. . Ill go there again for sure.. loved there iced thai coffee.. "Nice little place on Bell Rd. Friendly staff. Food was as authentic as it can be outside Thailand What a great place! They had a table ready when we walked in and filled up quickly. The lunch menu had a lot of great options with fair prices. The chicken fried rice was great! My boyfriend ordered a cashew chicken dish in hot and was impressed that it really had heat to it. The only down side is that soda is per can rather than unlimited fountain. Service was  quick and friendly.  We are excited to have this place so close! "Very attentive staff and very friendly. Food was excellent. I love spice and this place sure delivered. I ordered the pad kee mow Came here with some friends from work and they have a great lunch special that comes with a lot of sides and a large portion of many Thai favorites. This place is a hidden gem and I would definitely go back!  small family oriented place.  The Tom kha soup was excellent.  The fried rice was pretty darned good too.  Very busy at lunch and for good reason.   We will be back to try different menu items and these stars may go up." Small and simple but the food was excellent we ordered the sweet basil shrimp and green curry with chicken Nice people. Cute little place. But the food isn't that great. The meat was undercooked both times I tried beef and chicken. The only two good things are the veggie rolls and the vegetable soup. The vegetable soup is really tasty and has a lot of flavor in it. I don't recommend it unless it was for either of those. P.S.  So glad that sauces were not overly sweetened for american palate."  my wife loves Krua !  No only is it the best cooked Thai food   genuine place! It has great lunches and has ruined me for pad Thai anywhere else in the valley! Their soups are a must!"  but I don't know that I'd get it again. The medium hot was a bit too spicy for me because I'm a wimp when it comes to spicy. I'd say the medium hot is a bit spicier than Serracha." "I love Thai food and this place was amazing!  Great food (I had the Yellow Curry and the girlfriend had the Pad Thai)  Both were great!  The GF likes everything super HOT and it was!  Be careful!  We also had the coconut milk soup and it was to die for.  It's a small place  but not great either.  We ordered take out because it was 30 minutes before they were closing after lunch hour so I can't say much for service. I was excited because I've been craving Thai food since I left Houston and this would be my first place to try Thai in Phoenix. When we got home I was extremely confused because the yellow curry was practically red and really oily and the Pad Thai was the yellow I expected from the curry. (I'm used to a light brown color from the sauce and more flavors from the garnishes) Makes me wonder if it's a regional thing because every pad thai I've had in Houston was consistent in looks but this one looked extremely different. After confirming the dishes  and actually the worst Thai I've had here in Arizona.  Won ton weren't impressive.  The noodle soup tasted as if if consisted almost solely of (canned/boxed) chicken broth with no added spice or flavor.   Attempts to doctor it just made it too salty Also ordered two fried spring rolls.  Although they were deliciousthey were extremely oily and greasy.  This would not stop me from going back     The decor and this place is really nice      Will go back when I'm in the mood for takeout" "The best Thai food I have ever had is here! Amazing service. Be kind to the workers here Really good Thai food and very nice people. The Tom kha soup bowl is enough for 5 and medium spice is just hot enough. A small Thai food joint with excellent ambience and very good inexpensive food. Must try if you like Thai. "Yum! We were in the area and came in as soon as it opened. Attentive and friendly service from the adorable waitress. I ordered my standard pad thai with tofu and it was delicious. I chose a hot spice level "I really liked this place! I ordered the chicken pad Thai and it was excellent. I recommend coming during lunch and getting the yellow curry or pad Thai. Overall great service  the pad thai and the yellow curry were stellar!!!  And they knocked the thai iced tea out of the park- yum!!!"  it would have been too much. My daughter ordered the yellow curry and it was excellent! Very welcoming and attentive waitstaff! Will return!"  and the food was delicious. I had red curry with chicken & it was perfect!" They have the best red curry ever!!! The flavor is amazing. The lunch menu is excellent. My favorite curry in town! "Just when I felt I was missing the tasty food from Bangkok garden from Salisbury NC - Krua Thai came to my rescue.. The place is wonderfully located with nearly stores not opened during dinner time. Food was better and waiting to try more than all the 'colored' curries. Very neat places always pull me again and again This is a great little mom and pop place.  They are attentive and service is great.  The lunch specials are awesome.  Their daily soups are always on point.  Their egg rolls are savory and not too greasy.  The only gripe I have is that they don't do panang curry or pad see ew on their lunch specials.  which is rare for me with a salad.  The Pad Thai was not as good. The chicken was of a very low grade and did not have a good flavor. I was so put off by the chicken that I could not bring myself to try the shrimp in the dish.  The noodles had kind of a dirty taste with an odd flavor that is difficult to articulate.  Even the water had a strange rotten taste to it Excellent food! I ordered the sweet and sour chicken and it was incredibly delicious. The service was also excellent. I highly recommend going here! What a great little place. Had the Pad Thai Noodles with chicken and medium heat for lunch. The little bowl of soup I had looked unassuming and was a fantastic blend of flavor. I usually just look and take a bite of egg rolls as they are usually just not my thing AGAIN these were great. and The noodles were perfect. best meal in a long time for such an out of the way little place. We will go back! Had a very good experience.   Ordered 2 appetizers and 1 main course.   Every thing was served hot and tasty.  Will definitely return to try a curry dish.  Price was very reasonable. Food is great! Constant flow of customers. Service was fast and friendly. Will be back  to go. Very reasonably priced and some of the best in the Valley. Their spring rolls are tasty too." Wish we had gone to our regular thai spot. Went with a group of 4 (Asians) and none of us really liked our food it was such a bummer. We left more than half the food on each plate and didn't ask for boxes. They added gratuity so we ended up paying 100 dollars for about 4 plates of food we didn't really enjoy. Bummed about this place! "This is one of the few places that is delightfully small but the food is authentic and awesome. I have tried many dishes and the ton kha gai soup is my favorite. They could do a little better  with the service Very nice food and good service. Never got disappointed whenever I visit this place. A must visit for Thai food lovers. Also all the items are reasonably priced. Lunch includes soup and vegetable roll also. "We eat here all the time. Great food. Great staff. :) green curry "Awesme food.. Also affordable prices.. Best thai food for me in phx.. Definitely a good try.. The place is little small but its ok "I have to update my review. I love this place and everyone I usually bring here loves it too. But the food is hit or miss "Very good!  We eat here every Monday and sometimes Thursday. It's always right This is a wonderful place. I went there for lunch last week and it was so good I went back for dinner tonight. I had garlic chicken which is sauteed with mushrooms and scallions in a delicious sauce. Service was excellent. Another plus it's BYOB. What an oasis in a desert of fast food  all along along the way.  is like fire in your mouth. I love spicy food but I was regretting my decision a few bites in!"   consistent and flavorful. The ladies that work here are so sweet and their service is always fast. The establishment is very clean Chicken Basil is the BOMB!!! and their free soup is so yummy!!! Love it! =)  authentic Thai food. Their spice scale is strong  and both were absolutely delicious. My husband had a cashew chicken dish which I sampled and it was fantastic as well. We will definitely be back to try more. Note they are super busy during the lunch hour  the cleanest eatery I have ever been to. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. Parking is readily available." We will definitely be back!!"  the service is prompt and polite. The music isn't to loud which is nice if you want to have a conversation. Small space but comfortable; 8 booths with seating in the middle. It's not super fancy or upscale and they do not serve alcohol. I chose green curry with chicken for lunch it was under $8 it came with soup and and a egg roll. They have a great menu with a lot of variety.  Nom Nom Nom." I wouldn't come here. The food is way too salty. I had the shrimp salad and it was horrible. The sauce on the shrimp was not tasty and the shrimp was warm when on the salad it's much better cold. They also charge gratuity AFTER the tax when that's apparently illegal. A party next to us was charged their gratuity after the taxes amount and the guy had to fight it to be taken off. The owner said that that's how it's always been done. But the guy was like well that's illegal! Overall service is great but the food is a disappointment. Way too salty. "The summer rolls were fresh and served with a delicious peanut hoisin sauce. Pad Thai was the best I've had in a while- I was impressed. The flavors and textures were there. I especially enjoyed the spice level- deep heat with sweetness from the house sauce I have hope that one day there will be decent Thai food in Phoenix.  After trying most of the restaurants here nefBMCGgMPvOnASoyO_X1A We will be back...a lot." I would come back and try other dishes."  veggie rolls and SpicyCashew Nut Chicken." The food was awesome! And the service was excellent. The sweet n sour chicken with extra chicken  and yellow curry pineapple shrimp were perfect. I will eat here again and again and again! Decided to check out this joint for my annual Christmas Eve Thai fest and soo happy that I did! Their curries were spicy and full of flavor and their spring rolls were delicious! I can't wait to come back and try more of their dishes. One of the more authentic Thai places I have found in Arizona! Really good food! The service was ok but by no means the worst. I will definitely return in the future. "This place is just excellent. I went with my wife and we couldn't get enough from the appetizer to the main dishes. We are vegetarian and as most Thai restaurants are they were very accommodating with tofu substitutions. We had the fried tofu appetizer I can't wait for my next trip to try the Thai grilled chicken." "You really shouldn't call it ""Tom Yum soup"" when it's store-bought $3.50 Tom yum instant soup paste (MSG included) dissolved in hot water with a massive load of sugar. Excuse me  but it's definitely NOT Tom Yum. A more accurate name would be ""Hwn la phd"" (I used Google Translate to translate ""sweet and spicy"" into Thai). LoL. Anyway Best Thai restaurant in Phoenix! I have been going here for the last year (once a week for the last year) and have always been satisfied with their food. If you like Thai food this is the place to go! I ask for mild it is still spicy but just right for me.  great selection and good price. All of us were happy with the food we ordered. The only down side was it was a little small Overall-great place and great flavors." great lunch specials. I got the pad thai which came with an egg roll and soup for under 8 bucks! I got medium spicy and I couldn't handle it. I'll probably go with mild next time. haha "We ordered to-go and we recieved the wrong curry and our fried rice was missing. The manager sat there for 10 minutes telling us she didn't charge us So they don't do that but yet they kept the rice and gave me egg noodles that I paid $2.75 extra for. I will not be returning to this place. Any suggestions on a great Thai place????" Love this place. I would eat here everyday if my waistline would allow :)  Red Duck Curry and Crab Fried rice and everything was delicious! Our total bill was about $40 bucks but we had a lot of left over so I think it is worth your money." "This place is awesome!  I have yet to have any dish that was not fabulous.  That only downside Order green curry Thai spicy and found habanero peppers. Amazingly good but to spicy" "I am here all the time and I love it! Chicken satay is a must and the peanut sauce to go with is divine. The fried rice is absolutely delicious but the flavor palette is most likely not what many people are used to. The eggplant dish is a great vegetarian option. I love the summer rolls but since they pre make them I cannot order them without mint "Love this place!!  We go 2-3 times a week for lunch....lots of options on the lunch special menu I called one night to order food the person who answered the phone was very rude she acted like she couldnt hear me and kept yelling into the phone what you say I finally hung up because I could see she clearly didnt want to help me! I will never give them business again Always love to go this place. Nice family owned restaurant and very good thai food and people too. Maybe I am accustomed to manager comping or discounting meals when it is unsatisfactory. Time to look for a new thai place! :(" Flavorful curries and yummy Thai iced tea. We've only done simple takeout items so far but haven't been disappointed with anything we've ordered.  great for take out! Will have to eat inside next time!"  and the Panang curry chicken. I ordered the soup and the chicken both mild as my dinner guests do not like spicy food. I myself do not mind spicy foods. I checked the order in my car to make sure all the items were present and they were so I was relieved. I brought the food all the way home and we started digging in. The summer rolls and the soup were both delicious as usual but the Panang curry was so spicy we could not even eat it. I called the restaurant and she said they would make a new one. She was very adamant about me brining the original dish back I rate this place 6 out of 5 stars. While it is true that food is what really matters in restaurants 