 the thing I miss most about leaving Pittsburgh. This store is the largest single contributor to my wardrobe  you'd better be confident in your purchase.  RWB is just like any other thrift store  especially in the housewares department.  The proximity of this thrift store to the affluent neighborhood of Sewickley accounts for its top-notch merch.  Whenever we'd have a particularly good day Can't recommend it enough!" I get 80% of my wardrobe from here - the shoes and purses are the best and have always found something great to take home" Come to this thrift store; it'll make all other shopping obsolete!" "I cannot imagine a more miserable place to shop than this jam-packed monstrosity.  This is a store that makes me thankful for Goodwill and The Salvation Army resale stores.  The customers and the staff are miserable at Red White and Blue.  The clothes are priced far higher than other such shops.  Merchandise is not refundable or exchangeable  some brand new and gently used items like backpacks for $5? This is a great place to discover unique things. They also have daily deals such as 1 2 off of certain color tags. Have to dig through other things though to find something interesting which is part of the adventure!"  all the other thrift store I've visited later in my trip showed me that. Thrift store sure does drain a lot of your mental energy. Looking for stuff there was a hellacious project but I bought a Steeler jersey for 2.50$ Pittsburgh store is the worst thrift store I've ever shopped.OVERPRICED!!!!  Very high prices. Backwards policy of accepting cash only. Nasty! Don't waste your time or money!!! THere are much better places to shop for thrift in Pittsburgh!  unwilling to help and always with NEGATIVE attitude. She needs customer service training....Someone please tell her to stop complaining about other customers or employees....Cashier that does window display is always kind BONUS:  They pick up your donations for free from your porch.  http:  www.pickupplease.org   Super easy." -But they have an ATM!! $2.50 fee"  I will probably make a trip out there again in the future to browse based solely on the size of the store. I just might have to wear some spandex." kKmvSJ6Z8UVPdrnL74bqrg nice and clean with well organized large selection but was expensive. I was looking for some twin size thin cotton blankets easy to wash and hang dry for my dog and the prices were $14.99 of course somewere high quality items which u would have to pay new retail store price $40-50 but still overpriced. I finally found a small blanket for $7 on sale.  so where is it"" and clearly implied that i stole it.  I told her again that it was on the shelf as nice as I could and she then told me that she didn't believe me and told me to go back there and get it or else she was going to search me. Now I get that it doesn't matter that the shirt was 50 cents because stealing is still wrong but because I didn't steal it and told her so I feel Im justified in being furious that I was publicly humiliated and falsely accused over 50 cents. I walked to the back of the store picked it up and started walking back and then the lady said in a grossly rude tone "" well I didn't see it back there"" no apology The ample space for parking is no doubt a bonus.  It's easy to get in and out via route 65." "Red white and blue is one of my favorite thrift shops ! I love their special deals of the days  be very careful with the prices. Some of the goods are so expensive. It isn't worth buying them." Check out lines move quickly" "This is the go-to thrift store for the family. We've managed to find about everything we need from cast iron skillets to Yankee candle to clothes for the whole family. The reason I am giving it only four stars is because sometimes the prices are a little high kKmvSJ6Z8UVPdrnL74bqrg This is my go-to place for bargain hunting and recycling and it's a great place to shop for a wide variety of cool items at mostly great prices. Come early and stay late on half off day cause you never know what you'll find but be prepared for the crowds. Checkout lines are fast moving and store staff are always helpful. I can't wait to shop again.  and so many clothes I couldn't even think about looking through them all. The only downsides were the out of control kids running around  hence the wealth of stuff. And the Vets have regular pick-ups in most neighborhoods  unless you drive to Duquesne to the other Red White and Blue.  Parking is tricky "Love. This place is huge. They have everything and good prices. We've been twice (in our month of Pittsburgh residence) and my only complaint is that one time the line was so long A lot to choose from and I have scored a few awesome items but I often walk out empty handed. Prices are high for a thrift store. Some belts and clothing are sold at nearly retail prices. I've even seen clothes with store price tags still attached but were being sold for more. Don't bother asking for help because you'll get a huff and an eye roll. Cash only and the atm inside is frequently out of order.  i haven't named it.. it's creepy enough i have it) i will always be in debt to this red white & blue."  it's a good stop as long as you don't count on it to be the be all end all of your thrifting day. Make it a stop along the way FYI- it is still cash only and the parking lot can get a little wild. Watch out for the potholes!" The only bummer was that the router we got for $10 won't even power up. I will attempt to return it in spite of their ""no return"" policy."  that ramp connecting the levels is not fun to conquer when you're not expecting it." They only take cash (but have an ATM)! So Love the store. Nice stuff. Price reasonable. BAD parking...Employees at this location are nicer and willing to help compare to the one at Ohio River Blvd....Easy check out. Friendly staff..... Every time I've gone here I have left with great deal. While their prices are already low they have sales everyday that make the merchandise even cheaper.  They do have a small dvd and furniture section Thrift factor 1 5 Over priced."  I shouldn't be complaining too much. It won't be a regular on my shopping list any time soon If your ever interested in shopping here it's best to go on a Wednesday or Saturday early!! Wednesday you get half off your bill if you bring a senior with you. I like to use grandma sometimes to get some cheaper clothes. She enjoys it as well so that she can buy all the little nick nacks and holiday items. Happy shopping!!" Please get your fitting rooms back!!!! ;("  but at least they have an atm on premises."  their prices were outrageous. Many of the items I liked I could have bought new for a little bit more. The upscale prices did not match the dingy and dirty store. We won't be back to this one."  it just makes sense! Green sweaters? A whole row! Jeans? Racks n racks! Every day a new sale and Wednesdays for seniors. Take your cash because that's all they accept." "It's a like a stampede when you enter this store! The least of the problem is the other shoppers Parking sucks. It smelled. They are way way overpriced!  I saw a bag priced at $15 that was apparently donated from a yard sale because it had another tag for $3!  Just really lots of junk. Also it's a cash only place but they do have an atm. Their clothes are sorted by color which is cool. I'd rather spend my money at Goodwill!"  a lot to choose from; quick turnover of goods"  but thrifting has gotten ""hip"" in recent years and I see why it's become more of a business. Be forewarned about the weekend crowds...come prepared carrying as little as possible and wearing something you can easily try on clothes under or over if that's your thing. Good luck!"  please cut out the labels and tear off the tags. They seem to think it's OK to charge $14 for items with new tags. Saturday's are half off everything except white tags (and anything you might actually want is a white tag).  Id rather spend my days at yard sales buying $.25 baby clothes than filtering through their $5 kids clothes." This place is nothing but a cluster f*** everything is kind of thrown onto a rack nothing is color coordinated size coordinator but it is gender coordinator. First time I went in there I was very disappointed I always see the parking lot is packed but I have no idea why now. And it seems like everybody that goes in there are trashy and rude. It tends to bring in the worst of people. I'm not ashamed to buy second hand clothing but this place like this brings in a bad stereotype. I like the nobles Town Road thrift store much better. Not a bad store. It was super crowded and crammed on Saturday afternoon." One of the best thrift shops in Pittsburgh ! I love the deals I always find. This store I love most cause it's so big and have so much to offer. I love the color coordination and the special deals of the days.  I find myself coming back every few months because I've found some really awesome things here Always find something different here.  Parking is a little tricky but inconvenience is worth it once inside.  The help is friendly and they really try to help you.  Pretty well organized despite all the people.  Wish they would of had places to shop like this when my kids were small. I go here wayyyy too often and always leave happy. Great selection! Downsides - horrible parking lot & no dressing room. Not the best thrift in the burgh. Never really find anything on half off days. Items are usually overpriced. I find good items every once in a while. Average  like DKNY and Abercrombie for a fraction of the price that they would have been in the regular store.  It's definitely one to check out if you need a new look but don't' have a whole lot to spend."  but that is the price you have to pay if you want a ""fight the power"" t shirt for a buck fifty or a Marmot lightweight blue down jacket for seven fifty or two dresses or some vintage G.I. Joes. You know just your basics for happy living. How else could anyone know I am a fan of Chuck D  the belt mafia will be in full effect and those girls don't crack a smile. Be prepared to grab a random bundle and race to your corner "I find myself wondering the racks here at least two times a week. I shop the opposite season of the current one to find the best deals. I don't never leave empty handed ! I will add this: there are no dressing rooms so be prepared! I wear a flip flops I LOVE LOVE LOVE this thrift store - you fill find the best prices and name brand items! They do a great job of pricing so it is a fair purchase! I recommend this store to EVERYONE!!! Check it out - you won't be disappointed!  in the same parking lot there is an OUTLET GOODWILL where you can clothes purses shoes toys for $1.39 per pound and all household items are 50% off their ticketed price. If you come to this Value Village Most of the clothes felt too worn out."  you wouldn't want to get in altercation with aggressive shoppers over a $1 beer stein.  Try a weekday before 6 or so.  Happy treasure hunting!" More of a country style goodwill but its cool had what I need for cheap  but was still in working order and had a rad amber colored monitor.  The staff thanked us for the donation and then proceeded to chuck the computer and components into the large bin with all the other electronics... guaranteed that the computer had a 50% chance of not working anymore.  Oh well." "You never know what you'll find in here... but I found 2 like new chairs for my living room for under $50! I have also found some nice crystal glasses (including goblets I also got a huge picture to go in my bedroom that runs the length of the wall for only $25. This Goodwill is hands down my favorite location. My only complaint is that they don't have the pants divided up into sizes This store is organized and clean. I find what I want each time for a very affordable price! Staff is friendly and willing to help.  but it's hit or miss as far as finding nice quality clothes here. I realize it's all up to what kind of donations they get The variety is amazing-the prices....they tend to be a little high. But it is a great I think the owner has some swag...he is honest and I feel right at home...and oh he is a silver guy "This is an awesome consignment shop with a great selection of all your 80s and 90s faves! The prices sometimes can be a bit high but the owner (who from what I can tell is the only employee) tries to do a good job of only showing the good stuff. He has a great sensibility and I love the window displays! He just expanded too so Just went into this shop for the first time yesterday.  Great selection of items and the owner seemed like a genuinely really nice guy.  I ended up buying an item and he was even willing to barter.  I will definitely buy from him again. This is a great thrift store.  You can frequently find good stuff here at a bargain price.  All of the sales go to an important cause.  A must for Phoenix thrifting.  new inventory and an amazing staff. I have found many a perfect piece and even snagged a HUGE (5 FOOT x 5 FOOT) Ornate Gold Picture Frame for only $75 after they marked it down by half ( that's the great customer service I was bragging about)  It is totally worth the trip to peek inside this Thrift wonderland and see what treasures you will find." They provide a lot of services as a non-profit and I always enjoy spending my money or donating to these types of causes." Pickup by appointment in a fairly short turn-around time. Super friendly & polite staff. Very considerate.    HIGHLY recommend  it is hit or miss but when you find something it is grand." "Not much in clothes but did find a couple of board games Its a decent sized thrift store.  Their clothes selection is ok - but a bit small.  They devote more than half of their store space to furniture and household items.  This would be a great place to check out if you need furniture.  A majority of the furniture there is of good quality and many pieces I've seen are almost like new and modern.  They also have a good assortment of household odds and ends which comes in handy.  I picked up a basic lampshade for $1 that is in good shape and that I'll freshen up with a bit of new fabric." This place is fun.  You never know what you will find.  It is fun just browsing.  I found 10 great CD's for a buck each.  I even found a cool pair of reading glasses.  Last year I donated large appliances to them and they pick up.  You don't even have to be there.  They also have a lot of books separated by type to help you find what you want *Proceeds go to a very worthwhile charity so the more you buy from St. Vincent De Paul Stop by if your a ""thrift-er"" I'm sure you will find something cool! They have a pretty decent jewelry section which I was surprised to see my first time in."  because I have been shopping here for years before these last three shitty experiences and I would rather give my money to a charity thrift store than some other  thrift store out for the bottom line....like SVDP has become." I came in looking for a decent used suitcase.  They want $30 for a nasty old thing that might have cost that much when it was new.  I can not understand why they would price donated items so high.  People that shop here want a bargain and will just go and purchase something new if there isn't much difference in price.   Sad for the charities this store supports." Cool funky stuff for a small chunk of change. Bought a buffet to transform for less than $60. Have a heart and donated today." I most likely won't ever go back." Unreasonable pricing for the quality of many of the donated items." "Went on 4th of July and they were closed for the day.  Bummer.  Next to Hissyfits THE best thrift store in Phoenix. Great selection and it actually smells good inside. Check out the mark down sales where certain color codes are real bargains. Also some departments are discounted on a regular basis. -Most of the few things they have is crap from the 80's and '90's Do your store a favor and get rid of that terrible lady." I am taking off a couple of stars due to the unfriendly cold volunteer with a snooty attitude who accepts the donations at the rear of the shop. A turnoff.  On the other hand the friendly Great store that goes to an awesome organization.   Volunteers who work in the store are friendly and hardworking.   They always have interesting stuff.  I like to take my donations there - I know the money raised off my stuff is going to a worthy cause! "Customer service leaves much to be desired. With so many friendly thrift stores in town  but it certainly supports a good cause.  I come here to donate my old stuff because it all goes to a good cause.  The ladies who I have met working at the shop are nice as can be and will do anything they can to help." I highly encourage others to stop by and take a look. Happy shopping!!"  they close promptly at 4pm and start calling for closing at about 3:30pm-3:45pm." 14.  Low cost pet food and supplies too!" Super cool thrift store. Cool Staff.... good cause... better and cheaper than good will... donate and shop here! They have amazing prices on quality stuff. The reason I'm only giving them four stars instead of five is because the clothing is not organized by size. S Popped in here today for the first time. Very well organized and great prices. Definitely will be back. Looks like other new shops are opening in the area. I don't know if I'll be back......unless they get someone in there to price items accordingly." "I have been shopping here for nearly 10 years! I love this place. It's always a treat for me to find time to stop  by if I'm looking for something specific  they stayed open on Sundays. Please consider doing this on an on-going basis. It allows those of us who work weekdays one more shopping day option on the weekends!"  I've maybe bought one thing?  It always has looked a bit picked over.  Like this one wasn't getting the ""good"" donations or something.   You might get lucky there Employees are Rude with a capitol R!!!! $8 for a used pillar candle? You bet!! I'll see you there!!!! "I thought I should write a review to mitigate the two negatives on here. I recently discovered this store and during my two visits I have found some great stuff. I will continue to frequent this location  happy they'd declined my donation.  REALLY?  SVDP isn't trying to raise funds. Dumb policies  it's a bargain. They even have a dollar rack. I find the staff very friendly. The negative reviews are older so maybe they've improved over the last several years." "Called Salvation Army after the snubbing of my furniture piece BY SVDP.  They immediately set up a pick-up time and when their crew arrived 