I will absolutely be back to Discount Tire Center in the future." They only replaced the tires and didn't look for any other ""potential problems"" with brakes "these guys are awesome. in and out in no time I will definitely go back here for future tire needs." "I never would have put off getting my tires replaced if I knew it could be this easy!  We showed up without an appointment and it took under 10 minutes for them to change two of my tires.  It was like having a pit crew working on my car This tire center is amazing. Great job replacing my BMW run flats for cheaper than any other place. They have fresh coffee while you wait. I  am impressed with how quick they are. Less than fifteen minutes later they were done and our car was better than new! The car rides so much better and going over bumps and pot holes is so much more comfortable. Don't put off getting new tires and give this place a shot!" "I don't know why I put off tires for so long when I live so close to this place! I went on a Thursday morning. Dropped off the car and walked across the street to get coffee. As soon as I came back they were done! Not even 10 mins. These guys are the best! Not too expensive either because they don't try to sell you all the ""bells and whistles"" that other tire places try to sell you (ehem mr. Tire). I had been quoted a price of around $700 for tires from other places but discount tire got them on for only $360. From now on  friendly and efficient service. Didn't try to up sell me but gave me exactly what I needed. Will definitely be back! Thanks for such a great tire-getting experience."  they quickly remedied a situation when I expressed my unhappiness." "Awesome service turnaround time. No appointment needed. The pit crew is ready when you pull up. And very economic ! Forget the dealerships  but I arrived closer to 6:50. What really impressed me was that they opened the service bay door before their scheduled open time! Seriously  just go here. You will not be disappointed."  Jason did reach out to me to apologize and attempt to explain the company policy (which shows me that they care).  Also  they didn't try to sell me anything that I didn't need or want!  I'd recommend calling in to see how many people are in line.  Obviously if there had been four cars being worked on I'd have had less people to work on my car but I can't imagine the service being slow considering how efficient their operation is." Awesome service. Good prices. Got me in really fast.  but you get one star for that. I ended up buying American tires for the same price elsewhere. Took me forever to get to work from this location because the traffic is horrendous from here."  I turned around and they were removing the jacks (or whatever they are called) and my car was done!  Prices that can't be beat-helpful and friendly "Awesome experience! My tire went flat and I drove in on my spare and announced that I needed to buy a new tire. The gentleman asked to see my old tire and then said Discount Tire is a no BS local business run by good people that want to save you money with quality products and services." Not sure who had a bad experience with customer service. The guys were great! Spin and balanced and everything"  and said mine would pass inspection and make through at least the summer (June when I went). I appreciate that they did not try to sell me tires when I didn't yet need them. I will definitely return to Discount Tire Center when it is time to get new tires."  ranging from a value option up to the original OEM.  The service is fast and you'll literally be out on 15 minutes after pulling your car into the shop. And the people there are extremely friendly and honest." "This place is a disaster. I made an appointment online for 5:30PM. When I got there they refused me service  I could not comprehend why the air pressure wasn't regulated to my new tires.  How hard was it to make sure that my psi was set to 32?  One tire was at 38 and the other at 35.  I promptly needed to visit a gas station to remedy the situation."  was told it would take about 1.5 hours (when I had an existing appointment). It's almost been 2.5 hours and I'm still waiting. Ridiculous." All of these issues were entirely preventable. The lack of expertise and techincal skill at this Goodyear location is abysmal. I do not recommend."  store manager stated that they will not touch the car as it has aftermarket rims and lug nuts.  He did not state any restrictions about aftermarket parts as they could not guarantee the work.  I asked if this was the case for all rims and he became a little snotty.  I had heart surgery a while back and I can't do the jack and tire work as not to tear at my incision breastplate  Craig and the entire team at Good Year for fitting us in. I really appreciated them getting this done for us so quickly I have bought tires here. I have gotten tires repaired here. The staff is prompt. The product is good. Went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire.  Got there at 4:40.  No one could look at it because they had an appointment at 5.  One person working and couldn't look at my car.  No appointments available for tomorrow.  Fail! Made an appointment for 3:30. They completely forgot I was coming but said they could start on my car in ten minutes and be done in an hour. Came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot. They said it would take another two hours to start work. Completely unhelpful and unapologetic.  my tire would hold air for a few hours so I drove to another place.  They fixed the flat no problem for $20.  Guess that cracking wasn't so bad after all."  was really friendly and helpful. Had to diagnose something with my car-done quickly. I usually go to the Monroe in Wexford  Ray was dealing with a really difficult customer. I would have blown my top at this guy Never have work done in a place like this until you do your homework!" "I knew I needed new tires and an alignment so I ordered the tires ahead so I could be in-and-out as quickly as possible to make it to class. Showed up noone had ordered the tires but they said they'd split the difference of a different brand. I was a little irritated but agreed and thought this was going to be a bad decision coming here (I'm from out of town); however This shop is not following the guidelines they have clearly posted on their wall and are fabricating problems in an effort to overcharge you for simple repairs.  Avoid this shop." If you need tires go to Pep Boys on Milvalle. If you need an oil change go to Midas on Penn Circle they'll be able to get you in and not wait three days."  where ""45 minutes"" is actually 2 hours and running at the time of this post. My car is on a lift with no tires and the employees are smoking cigarettes laughing. I can't even escape if I wanted to. At least they turned the heat off in the waiting room. Not like it's November in Pittsburgh or anything..." Very nice staff. I go here to purchase tires or if I need a nail removed. The prices are very reasonable and the service is fast. "I have used this business for years. Very helpful honest and polite. I take my parents car here  reasonable prices. This is a place with people you can trust These guys are great! They've fixed a few flat tires for me for about $20. Fixes have always held up well. They never make me wait long and you never have to call ahead (for flat fixes). Super friendly. My son bought a used Jeep and brought it here to get necessary repairs and inspection.  Kerry fixed everything and the price was great. It's hard to find a good mechanic that is honest and affordable. They are both!!  but he showed up with a positive attitude and was excited to be able to help me out. If the car buying experience here is anything like the service I received from Kerry  which is the day after a holiday! He called the glass place right there and gave me a great quote! I'm very happy about the quick and friendly service! Other places couldn't give me an appointment for weeks  but offered no explanation or apology.  When it comes to cars I have to be able to trust the mechanic and the Greentree Rd  NTB has proven to be untrustworthy.  I obviously will not return."  finally just hung up. So incompetent I did not even get a chance to rate the actual service."  they also fit me in at the end of the business day and got my repair done super quick!  Thanks!"  so all my tires were flat the next morning.  Just went in to have my winter tires put on (figured I'd give them another chance after all these years) and they were just a mess.  After several miscommunications with the guy who was ringing me up (neglected to tell me that my front tires were shot until pressed) they told me it would be an hour or two.  I signed the work order "Took my car in for an inspection and was told that I needed to have a ton of work done and that - with labor - this was going to cost $900 (excluding emissions inspect.cost) or my car wouldn't pass inspection. My partner - knowing a little more about cars than myself Very unprofessional got in the doors around 7:35 am (they opened at 7:30am) Walked in to hear the manager yelling over the phone to another employee who clearly didn't do his closing duites correct. I needed an oil change and tire rotation he told me that if i left my car there at 735 am it would be done by 12!? I'm trying to figure out how you're soo damn busy that my car will take 5 hours to do something that literally takes 30 mins.  1 star because you're soo busy but yet you're in your office screaming at an employee instead of getting work done. It's called customer service. That characteristic goes all throughout life.  it actually took me longer to do the memo and the expense report than it did to put the spare on" I gave two stars instead of one because they didn't actually break anything or lose my car or burn it down or anything. Pricing came in just over what we had agreed on because of the addition of the turndown pipes. I could have saved a lot of money and time and done it myself." Won't come again to this place...."  and then these guys for having my tire in stock and for fixing it quickly - I was in and out within 30minutes. My spare probably only had 20 miles on it  and one of the few garages I've dealt with as a single woman who treat me ethically. Thumbs up on this location." Made the same mistake 2x by going to  these clowns. Got tires off of these fools and alignment machine was broken. Scheduled appointment for an inspection and there damn emission machine was down. Couldn't even call me to let me know. Drove down there so they could say sorry want to do it tomorrow? I will 100% take my business back to them and even spread the good word to my friends in the south hills." DO NOT GO HERE - you end up paying for services that are NOT done." "They are fine for oil changes but don't go here for state inspections. They'll try to hit you with a bunch of unnecessary repairs. They wanted to charge me 1 I agree with another yelper- stick to this place for oil changes." Don't waste your time with this place. Go to a small business & support your local mechanics."  I will never recommend or bring another vehicle back! Just this last episode that has to deal with an inspection has me annoyed! Last month I stopped by for an oil change and asked if they could check my brakes since they were squeaky and my ebrake seemed loose. They told me everything was in good condition and nothing to worry about. I have driven 200 miles in the car since beginning of September. We bring it in October for an inspection and now my rear calipers need replaced - roughly $500! So after explaining the situation they lower the price to $350. Just to be on the safe side  it's now 5:56 and my car is still parked in the same spot." Reservations are not accepted.  Make plans to keep busy either in the mall or in the waiting room (I prefer the former)."  they quoted me (a great price) and had the tires installed. Was surprised that they came in lower than other competitors associates very helpful and willing to help you find what you need. The service here is pretty good and prices average. They have worked on 3 cars of mine and have usually done a decent job. Quite frankly I do prefer Pep Boys but you're stuck there with nothing to do. So I keep coming to this Sears for those things that take time so I can walk the mall."  etc.) would be topped off; I checked in the parking lot afterwards and it was not done.  I was so fed-up with waiting so long that I didn't feel the need to wait even more."  professionalism and quality. Thanks for taking care of all of our car care needs!"  the salesperson had no clue about what a bathroom auger was - I had to find it myself.  In the second "My experience the other day was WAY better than my first interaction with them a few months ago. I came in at 1 pm and the gentleman I dealt with stated that most likely they wouldn't be able to service the vehicle on Tuesday but that I would have to pick it up the following day. I explained that I had purchased my tires at Sears in 2011 and had the warranty. I stated that only 1 tire needed to be replaced due to a gash in the side wall and he said he would try his best. I received a call around 4 saying that they were replacing the tire and I could pick it up the same evening. The warranty discount was applied  but I plan to avoid Sears Auto from now on.  Bad business practices are very disappointing." "I called in for some basic information.  The tech that answered the phone asked ""how can I earn your business""  before I could explain the reason for my call he put me on hold 3 times for over 16 minutes.  I hung up and called back in and another tech answered and advised he would not give any information over the phone I have been coming here for service for 2 years now and spud highly recommend them for any service.  PETER BRISETTE jumped in a helped me. I was so relieved as memorial day is one of the 6 days I have off work yearly. Great experience at the end of the day. Thanks to Peter and the tech Overall I'm a big fan!" This occured on 9 27 2011."  and updated me frequently on the status of the repair. I called ahead and they were able to repair my vehicle right away! It seems like an honest service facility. Will definitely go there again."  even if it comes in under the quote.  At woodies they charged me the full price of the quote This type of treatment is inexcusable and I have no qualms with denouncing the entire company until they deal with their dishonest employees. He tried to ""screw"" me over. Bad move buddy." "I went in Treadquarters Pineville 3 weeks ago to get a patch on my tire. Today I was washing my car I noticed a big scratch on my wheel that went the entire way around. In the past I worked at a custom wheel and tire shop and know that the only thing that will cause this type of damage is if the technician does not pull the wheel weight off the wheel when he dismounts or installs the tire after a repair. Now everybody makes mistakes but back at the tire shop I worked at if the technician made a mistake and caused any kind of damage he would inform the customer. This was not the case at Tread Quarters Pineville. When I went back to Treadquarters to show them the damage  I was looking at nearly 3k of repairs and it appeared a new car was going to be necessary.  I decided to get a second opinion and Treadquarters was able to diagnose that some of the repairs Hendrick recommended were not actually needed at all.  With tires and all repairs I was out of the door under 2k.  Kevin and the mechanic who worked on my care were very friendly and informative.  They promptly explained exactly what they did for my car and what I need to pay close attention to in the near future.  I would highly recommend them to anyone as I have recently moved down to Charlotte from Ohio and have already saved them in my phone as Auto Mechanic.  On top of everything they did I'd Highly recommend Kirby & Kale in the Elizabeth Area. They did the same service for $40." The Uptown location is good for commuters because you can drop your car off at 9 and pick it up at 5. The staff is friendly and helpful."  but the service and the price were both totally unreasonable." 7_4OqT_IQbpXlao-4BEyMQ  especially with it's convenient location. It certainly deserves more than 1 star." There's something suspicious about this place. I'm just sayin'..."  nothing major and for those services I have no complaints.  They always do a good job and give me the service that I request by the time I request it.....can't ask for much more than that." DO NOT take your car here unless you want something messed up!!! Took my car in for an oil change and was told my brake fluids would need changing for an extra 75 bucks.  Saw the oil light on my car go off in a few weeks but took off getting it looked at for another few weeks.  Found a nice surpise later that the cap wasnt screwed on right from the last oil change and car had engine damage.  These guys are the WORST shop in Charlotte. They scratched my car. A big one and my bad that I didn't notice it while picking up the car. What more I have to say? Typical auto repair shop trying to steal money especially from young women.  DO NOT go to this shop." mnOTw4P5NaLbzFp2bTsm9g  but unfortunately it was late in the day so I would have to wait until the next day. They provided a shuttle to my house and picked me up the next morning. Luckily it was just the battery. Good service and they were sympathetic."  I will continue to do business with and recommend Griffin Brothers for anyone needing automotive service in the University Area." Love them! And will recommend to anybody." Michelins. Their service writers are competent and courteous. Free rotations.  and probably something else I can't remember. I just keep going back." "I've been taking my vehicles here since 2008. No complaints. Love the shuttle service. Free coffee My husband and I have been taking our cars here for 5+ years. The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable! "These guys are great. I hate dealing with cars because as a young woman I often feel like people will try to take advantage of my little knowledge about cars. Everyone in here was so nice and Danny was the best. He told me straight up that the repairs my car needed were going to be expensive and referred me to a friend of his who would be able to do the work cheaper. I've never had anyone give up a potential sale  shows that the owner or manager cares about the customers. No other auto repair place does this and that's why I recommend this place to my friends. But also warn them about Griffin's super long oil change sometimes." "I've always gotten quality work and accurate information from them. As one reviewer noted  Griffin Brothers Tire Wheels & Auto Repair.....THANK YOU.....THANK YOU.....THANK YOU.....GOD BLESS YOU."  then he asked for my keys said have. I been here before then said you can sit down now. If I wasn't form another city I wouldn't have come but I'm in a tight situation so I had to bite the bullet. Never again tho"  it turned out my shocks were fine.  So these guys almost made me spend $250 for unnecessary repairs. Disgraceful." btw - The same set of tires at another shop was $700 out the door.   The other shop also patched my tire for $20 and laughed at this story." The new service manager Kenny was extremely polite and helpful in explaining options for my wife's vehicle. I've been coming to this location for over a decade and have always been pleased with the services received. "Worst place ever. Don't go there. Customer service was awful and they didn't even do what I asked them to "Sorry to be so late writing.. I went there on 7 10 2014 for an oil change.I had my rear brakes repaired at my dealership & went to TK for the oil change since I had bought tires there I get free rotation. They told me I needed front brakes. They had my car on the lift and told me to 'feel' the steel part of the wheel (as though I would know anything?). I mentioned my car riding rough (could feel the bumps in the road). They proceeded to tell me I needed struts as well. They showed me torn bellows (I googled the name) and acted as though that was serious. I only paid for the oil change then promptly called my dealership & they told me to come there. My dealership said the front brakes were good for at least several thousand miles and said when they repaired the rear ones This crew is friendly and professional.  I TRUST THESE GUYS.  As I say  patched my tire and i still got to work early. Would definitely  recommend and i will be back for anything automotive related" I got a great price and good service  I have watched one employee by the window changing 4 tires for the past hour and he is nowhere net being finished. He threw the plastic caps face down on the shop floor "I had a really good experience at Tire Kingdom I wish I could remember the name of the man who helped me I hate when I forget important facts like that.  I came to Tire Kingdom after calling several other stores in town to find the tire I was looking for.  Though they didn't have the exact tire I was looking for they told me to bring the car in and they were sure they could help me.  An hour later I had a new tire  I'm pleased and will likely head back to Coulwood Tire & Auto next time I need service." Thanks guys...you are my go to back ups when the hubby is out of his league or out of town." Why is your gas at the pump still $3.30 when everyone else around 3.18  but they aren't too slow either and they usually have something good on the TV in the waiting area."  I have been ripped off at SO many auto shops They got me in and out quickly with a set of new tires. A well-managed location. "I had my oil changed and tires rotated at this place and 1 day later I was on the side of I-85 with my caliper burnt and smoke coming from my wheel. Car couldn't be driven anymore so I had it towed back to Tire Kingdom (TK) assuming it may have something to do with the tire rotation. They looked it over and said it had nothing to do with the rotation (which may have been true but seemed a bit coincidental) but they proceeded to tell me I needed up to $1200 worth of work. They were going to charge me $540 for front brake pads ($200) Don't waste your time coming here. They must not need to make money because when my boyfriend brought a tire here to get repaired they barley looked at it and said it couldn't repaired when clearly it could. Took our business elsewhere.  disable women's  that my battery have no problems starting my car. I payed and got in my car and discovered that one of  those sneaky underhanded mechanic turned  my steering wheel all the way back. And  I never asked for a  Steering Wheel  Alignment  either. Took some minutes before my wheels would roll.  I advise everyone to stay away from this scam company. They will try to scam you out of your money  and  the big nasty older black  mechanic there will try to hit on you." I had to replace a tire with a slow leak.  I was in and out in 20 mins.  I've been here a couple times now and wouldn't hesitate in coming back again if the need arises.  Nice staff. They took to long... Bad customer service.  They charge alot to have such bad customer service. I'm going somewhere else from here on out. My boyfriend was going to pay what ever to get my car taken care of. He begged me to let them go ahead an take care of my care. I'm 9 months pregnant an they mad me so stress I took my chances else where. Never go back there again. I didn't like there attitude an customer service. They are there for the money not to reply cater to the customer.  Do they not know the better they treat people they more they trust you an will spend more money. "Getting tires can be a pretty boring process; I think all places should have characters like these to keep their guests entertained.  I just stood outside the bay and listened to these folks shoot one-liners at one another while they worked.  You really have to have a taste for crude humor to appreciate these folks and I do  and was greeted by Julius. He was nice and courteous and helped me with my decisions. I waiting comfortably and had a good coffee from a clean coffee maker in a tire store (now that sounds too good to be true but yes it was clean). I had my keys back in my hand in an hour. I was overwhelmed. This was over the best tire store I have ever been too and I will be coming back. I recommend everyone else to check other out but look at the details. Discount Tire is a better deal because they are upfront about their pricing. Other tire stores are not." If they could be so nice to a non-paying customer - think how they'll treat a paying one!! I will make my future tire purchases from them again also!!"  but a special rebate actually made it less expensive to buy from Discount Tire. One of the things I liked the most about the purchasing process was using the website The guys here were great! Very professional and courteous. I have been here several times for both of my vehicles and they never disappoint.  super friendly and they repaired my tire and checked my other ones for free!" Those guys saved me a lot of money and were very helpful. They won my business for sure!" "I had a great experience. I scheduled an appointment online and I got a call the next day. I told him my budget and what I was trying to do. He made no attempt to push my budget. In fact Spectacular service. Always pay a bit more at discount tire but its worth the peace of mind. Zac was very helpful. Solid group of guys. I had new Falken G4s put on some new wheels and perfect fitment and they didn't scratch a thing My husband and I always have great service everytime we go. There is never an employee in a bad mood. Today we went at 5:10pm they where closed and we needed a hubcap put back on the car the bolts where to tight and we couldn't get them off to put it back on. Kareem helped us even though they were closed he wasn't in a bad mood because we where there 10 minutes after they closed. extremely helpful he didn't even charge us to put them on. We hope to see him next time we come to Discount Tire. Now that I've been here I can't imagine getting tires anywhere else!" Quick weekday service! The staff here are very personable and knowledgeable. I have had a bent rim with two tire changes in between and the previous shops only offered me to buy a new rim but here at Discount Tires they bent it back in place. I will do all my future tire business with this shop!!! "The customer service experience was OUTSTANDING.  Very fair pricing matched with a quality product.  Less than 45 minutes and 4 new tires later  knowledgeable staff. Even gave me money back because my back tires were in ok condition. I recommend this location." "Couldn't have asked for a better experience. Justin and Gilley helped me out and they were both super friendly and professional. They repair flat tires for free  I have had my 09 Jeep Wrangler and my 99 Tahoe into j and l they have always done a awesome job on either one of them hats off to chuck and the boys keep up the great work!!!!!"  let me know the issues that they found and did an amazing job at pointing out which ones were major and which ones were so minor that they wouldn't even recommend getting them fixed at this point. Very fair price and they don't try to up sell or push anything on the customer.." In the mean time they asked me if I could bring the truck in right away. I was able to. They were able to get the bars installed in less than a half an hour and expedited the process by having 2 people work on it.  All in all Very disappointed in this operation. I had emergency lights installed on my jeep and after I left I started looking at them and they are crooked. The brackets they used to install the lights were black metal. They spray painted them with a light coat but they it will take no time for them to rust. Plus they were cut crooked also. Biggest disappointment was they smoked in my vehicle while installing. Now ever time I get in I smell cigarettes. Will never do business with them again. The crew at this store couldn't be more friendly and helpful.  They were very honest and straight forward with what needed to be done with my car and what really was optional.  The pricing was fair and they explained all charges before doing the work. Prices too high and service very slow. Save yourself lots of money and frustration and avoid this location. I've made the mistake of getting service here three times and always leave in a bad mood. Watch out for the aggressive up sell!  causing the sweet smell.  How did I discover this?  When I took my car to the dealership after I smelled the radiator fluid.  Expensive lesson learned." On Monday I will call the manager!"  or other mechanical issues we have received very satisfactory service over the years."  and plan to have all of my future servicing done here."  but squeezed us in - just to help us out. Wanted to be safe with 350+ miles to go. They were quick and awesome just helping us to feel safe."  I would've scheduled a future appointment. The staff was going to look over my vehicle but didn't tell me of anything either way with my car." It's hard to believe that Tires Plus and Firestone are owned by the same company.  One was horrible and one provided great customer service." "This is my go-to place for oil changes and everything else I need. I Usually walk away from my dealings with mechanics feeling like I've just been cheated  my car began to have a hard time accelerating. It was louder and louder and harder to go up hills. I noticed oil leaking all over my front tires and I was leaving an oil train as I was driving. I was afraid because I didnt know what was wrong. I have a 2012 with 50 I highly recommend this place for basic maintenance on your vehicle." They said I needed a timing belt replaced when Honda Civics from 2006 don't have a timing belt. I highly recommend Clausen's Automotive." Great prices! Speedy service! Honest dudes! Great work done on my car!  don't even bother trying there.  I stood in the shady looking reception area and was never acknowledged.  I went over to Monona where there were actually people working at the desk.  I received prompt and friendly service.  The waiting room left much to be desired NOT!  I was still getting terribly gas mileage so I went to a reputable mechanic and he showed me that when my car is on that gas is shooting out right from where my fuel filter is at.  It was spraying everywhere and obviously not fixed.  I am going back to Broadway today to show them again what is going on.  This will now be the third time I have taken it there to get the same thing fixed." Just a follow up went to Monona location and finally had my oil changed now back because my car is leaking oil. Avoid I would give zero stars if I could.  or drop into any one of the dining/drinking establishments to have a cool beverage and a tasty bite to eat while your car gets fixed." As good as it gets!! :-)"  including warranty repairs can be done by ably by these folks.  Prompt  they readily helped answer my questions and even made adjustments and unrelated follow-up repairs free of charge. I would gladly recommend them for anyone looking for honest "I have been coming to the auto shop for ten years and will not take my car anywhere else.  These guys are honest and friendly.  I was referred by a friend to Woody's after receiving an outrageous quote from another shop and Woody's not only fixed my issue but informed me that the other shop was not being truthful about what was wrong.  I saved $600!!!   Since then "I've been taking my car to Woody's for years and never fail to have a great experience. The staff is great  honest service. The staff is fabulous and always attentive For less that a third ($35) of what she paid new for each of  the other three coincidentally matching tires  I would recommend Tucker Tire highly!" We were referred to this place by Chapman BMW because we had a nail in our tire. We went there and they treated us well.  I followed my wife in my truck and she noticed I had a nail in my tire too so we asked them to look at it. They took care of my wife right away for $20 bucks. Then they looked at my truck and figured all they had to do was pull the nail and needed no additional work...At no charge!  Willing to help us right away...$20. Total honesty?  Priceless!!  These guys were great and I would recommend them to anyone. n4N4NyNS78JUvamWttTxJw They're a long-time locally-owned business  but he was also that way to everyone that walked through the door.  I took very kindly to the way he treated an elderly woman - like a VIP - despite her demanding and sometimes naive questions and requests." I purchased 2 tires for my car here before making a long trip. They recommended putting the tires on the rear to decrease the likelihood of hydroplaning. I followed their recommendation and am I glad! I am convinced their recommendation saved my life because I ran into some terrible rainstorms between Phoenix and California - could hardly see the road at times - and those new tires held the road like they had claws! "Tucker Tire & Auto has been the only place that I know they will be honest and get the job done right!  I have been a customer for 15 years and they have taken care of my Chevy Equanox  which is nice!  This is the second time I've been here.  They changed all 4 tires on my BMW for a super good price!  I definitely recommend these guys!"  and fixed the alignment on my car quickly while I waiting (with a scheduled appt I have been to Tucker Tire & Auto twice and am VERY pleased with their work.  They treat me with the greatest respect and the job is done in a decent time frame.  I feel like they operate as if they were a small town operation only in a very large city.  It is nice to know I'm not just a number on their list.  Both gentlemen that work in the office explain things carefully and even the owner chats with all of the customers in the waiting area.  This is a fantastic place to bring your car to.  Thank you Charlie Stevenson! Excellent care of the customer and the car.  Thank you!  we will definitely use them when we purchase tires in the next couple of months. same day service & friendly staff"  repairing his vehicle quickly so he could be on the road and back to work.  This demonstrates their COMPETENCY.  It is easy to recommend this company.  I don't plan to go anywhere else Great Service! Came in because I had a flat tire and they helped with changing it out for me! No one was rude. "Took my 2000 Ford Ranger in for a trip check and oil change. AC was also out. I learned my front brakes needed replacing. Price was fair. They did not hassle me to get other work done that was not essential. Work was done quickly. I also liked that they have a rewards program. A couple weeks later "These guys helped me as soon as I walked in.. I thought I only had a leak in 1 tire but they informed me 2 tires had nails in them. It didn't surprise me. They worked very quickly on what seemed like an otherwise busy day for them. I was out in 45 mins. They repaired both tires which was more than Discount Tire said they could do ""for safety reasons"" -- more like ""for profit reasons"". I'd recommend Tucker and I'll definitely go back."  and they get the job done quickly.  They even offer you a ride to wherever you need to go while they're working on your car."  belt and tension - around $1000 parts & labor. I took it to another local shop for a second opinion and quote and I am so glad I did. Turns out it was a wheel bearing issue. I feel like a shop specializing in tires should have caught that  I didn't have to wait a very long time. Their prices were very reasonable and the service was professional and fast. They were able to fix my brake pads "You need an appointment to get your oil changed. I walked in and there was nobody in the lobby and two gentlemen working. I stood in front of the first gentleman inside the door for a solid 30 seconds before he acknowledged me and then gruffly told me to see the other guy. I walk down to the other guy two steps away who just heard me tell the other guy needed an oil change and then asked me what I wanted. Then I told him I would like to get an oil change. He asked me if I had an appointment I said no he said he could not get me in that day was rather rude about it. Understand if you need appointment that's a thing  and expediently getting my tire repaired and sending me on my way."  you feel positive you got the best deal around!  Top that with their warranties and why go anywhere but here? Take the guess work out of taking care of your vehicle by taking it to Terry and Rob! Thanks guys for all you do!" I took my car in because it was leaking some oil...that was actually spilled oil from an oil change done elsewhere. They cleaned it up without charge and without the awful upsell you get at most other repair shops.  I'll be going there exclusively." Will return for the quick and honest auto service.  They didn't dry to upsell me on any unnecessary services that my car didn't need." gCaccP5CxQn-j2KCNbD4gg  given the problem. Just kind of goes to show that smaller shops with a long history in the area are usually the way to go." "Ive been having my car serviced here for 6 years.  The last time they failed to tighten any of the lug nuts on one of the wheels after a tire rotation.  i drove away and nearly crashed.  I had to call them to tell them to come out and tighten the wheel as it was barely on the car.  I never received an apology  which will be very soon as my car brakes are squealing at an ungodly range higher than Mariah Carey's  be buying my replacement tire from them - they earned a lot of customer loyalty today!" Here's the kicker: we had to take it to another shop to have the alignment fixed because they didn't do the initial work properly."  describe the noise and no one can look me in the face or offer a smile or ask if I have the time to have this looked at or resolved at t he moment . The woman behind the counter asked for my keys and what car of mine it is for and they can take it for a drive. I let her know I need to be in the car (i have over $40k of lab equipment  from work inside the car since I'm on my lunch break ) before I know it my car is gone and they inform me he took it out for a test drive.  When the mechanic returns he can't hear a noise (he drove it on a busy street with the windows up and unable to reach the speed I told him I heard the noise at)  Love this location! I have taken my vehicles here for years. They fit me in even without an appointment (most of the time) and are always courteous and even drop me off at work 3 blocks away! Love supporting local businesses and will always go here! Fast quick service.... not too expensive but. Will use them again in the future when I need another tire. (I'm 55.  Is that old?   Okay And I also had my wife's tires changed and they gave me a lower price since the tire I wanted was out and the next tire up from that would have cost $15/per tire extra!  Talk about 5 star customer service!"  and for a tire retailer I have to say some if the best service I have had.  i would recommend Discount tire to anyone"  and complimentary water bottles. High five guys! Thanks for always taking care of me!" xdaRYQvc8W4QXk4TZklJfw "These guys totally made my day! I had a flat tire that they fixed for free. I waited less than 30 minutes (I thought it would be longer since there were 7 other people there) and I didn't need to make a reservation. Sure "Discount Tire is the ONLY place I will EVER get tires!!  I only wish I could give more stars.   Fast and friendly service.  Very knowledgeable staff that goes above and beyond to ensure customer satisfaction.  No pressure to buy more than you can afford.  They helped me stay within budget and when I got a flat  the guys let me in to warm up (it was cold!) and took down my information.  Then they told me where I could get coffee and let me chill in their waiting area to stay warm (cause the Sonic doesn't have indoor seating) until my car was ready.  I didn't have to ask for any of that "I have gone to this location a couple of times for tires and also stopped by when I thought I had a nail in my tire and have always received excellent service.  When I stopped because of the nail in my tire "I came into Discount Tire to have them fix a leak in one of my tires.  I was having a license plate issue and they fixed that too! The staff was friendly and the work was done in a timely matter Awesome ! I did not expect to have such a pleasant experience at a tire place. They were helpful anf quick. Every one was smiling and said hello. Great service. And they match any price. They lent me a tire when I was in a pinch." "These guys are rock stars! They have the perfect balance of personality and professionalism. Adam met me on my way in and made the experience flow smoothly. Larry finished it off great  and some of the most professional and quality service in the valley. Came highly recommended from a friend I was very impressed with the level of service at this location.  I was in a hurry and had a very low tire.  They fixed my tire in record time and I was on my way.  I definately recommend them. Fast service and complimentary water bottles. I brought my car in to have the tires rotated. Discount Tire rotates and balances my tires every 6K miles free since I purchased my tires with from.  All done.  I feel loved.  I am a lifelong customer!" "" I favor this particular location.  I've written about my experiences at others  come here for your tire needs. These guys are the best I drove away feeling safe and satisfied with the service I received. I'll be going back there to replace both tires. Thanks so much guys!"    Wish I could give 10 stars!"  a gesture i will never forget.  He also gave me a tool to assist in getting my hubcaps off in case anything happened and i would need to change my tire in the future.  I have never had such outstanding service anywhere in my life.  I am a small business owner in Scottsdale and im happy to find employees with half the fortitude and assertion that Gabriel displays.  because of my experience with Gabriel and discount tire I am now a loyal dedicated customer.  i will never shop anywhere else for tire services.  Thats how its done I immediately called discount tire where Jim is always waiting to save the day apparently. :) He said to drive right over. It'd take an hour but he had the tire for $88. I drove up  I brought it in and saw that their business was booming. A nice line for free tire pressure checks while you wait in your car they check and fill...and with a smile (so I observed). They guys filling the tires greeted me outside and we're super courteous. Then I went inside and Jason was awesome. Gave me stats about my tires and facts about their health. I waited like 45 min in a cool room with cold water bottles and I even saw a wifi router. This place is the paramount of tire repair and sales shops for customer service...seriously."  and will continue to praise them and refer to others. Thank you again discount  this stuck and now whenever anyone talks about tires from here on out I know exactly where the honest business in town is to refer them to." This location is awesome ! They went out of their to help me mount and balance my new wheels into my car 5 minutes before closing! They also were fast and efficient pricing was very fair and quality work! Not one scratch on my new wheels and TPMS sensors were installed and programmed properly. Way cheaper than the dealership and same quality and faster service. It's 430AM and I have a nail in my tire.  Not the way to start my day.  Luckily the gents at this discount tire fixed my tire in all of 15 minutes.  Store is clean and they have water.  Everyone was courteous and shook my hand. Yes still bitter on this one!!!!!" I'll definitely be back  but you'd think their tire techs would've done enough of these types of cars to know better. 45 minutes later I get my car back and get halfway home and the tire pressure light comes on. Now I have to go back a third time and get that fixed. This is not the way I wanted to spend my entire Saturday morning. I'll be going elsewhere next time."  and first out! That just didn't happen! Because the guy that helped me was unprepared with having cash in his drawer.. 5 cars got in front of me! Manager overheard everything... nobody said sorry or try to fix the problem! Got refund and left!. 20+ years customer gone for good!"  and as such are going to keep me as a customer for a long time to come. Thank you for the great experience."  I had a tire replaced a month ago and told him I wanted the exact tire to replace another that was going bad on my vehicle. He quoted me a price $50 higher than I paid a month ago! I asked him why there is such a price difference and he told me their prices fluctuate Second thoughts about this place"  great rebates. Always buy my ties here for last 25 years  it was just ""come back when you need new ones.""  Way to see the value in developing a relationship with a customer rather than nickel-and-diming."  but sometimes you will need to wait for a long time because their store is so small with limited parking spaces.  Better make an appointment before you go!"  waited:15 in line to mention my appt. Been here :42 min and cars not done:-(" Excellent service! Was in there last week and the manager Ryan Castro knows how to run the store well. Friendly and inviting atmosphere. I will recommend this location to everyoneI know.  he also looked at the other tires measured the wear and told me when I would need to start thinking about a rotation and how far down the road for new tires in addition to what the cost would be Good for Sam and his customer service and exercising the integrity that companies should have." Never going back to this location."  and they were getting run down anyway.  I left with a brand new set of four tires and made it home safely with no problems.  If I am every in the Phoenix area again "I've been going to various Discount Tire's for 20+ years. I've always been happy with their service and prices. Went to this location because one of my tire's was losing air. I understand having to wait when going to any repair place/tire shop and I'm fine with it. What bothered me was watching people come in after me  Tommy and Rex are awesome and do a great job taking care of me and my vehicle!"  I noticed they have one of those arcade basketball games to play for FREE while you're killing time. I TOTALLY suck  love the high level of customer service that paul and his staff provide at central car care.  i recommend them to all my friends.  good service Great service! Checked and filled all tires from a warning indicator when on way to work early in am.  I took my vehicle to Paul @ CCC and am an extremely happy customer.  I was able to drop my car off early.  I was given a phone call once diagnostics were finished an quoted a very fair price for my repairs. Everyone at the counter was absolutely a pleasure to work with.  This is my go-to person for regular maintenance and unexpected repairs." I would recommend CCC to anyone with any car-related issue." They always do a great job and charge me a fair price. They are nice and talk my language My repairs were completed as promised & the experience was exactly what I was looking for.  I can guarantee you 1000% that I'll be going back for all of my auto needs because of Paul  and reliable auto repair shop I've come across in a long  time.  I found them on Yelp and I'm really glad I decided to take my car there."  they lied and told me I needed a new alternator ($260 + labor) when I did not." I don't think I've ever been to a mechanic before that said I didn't need suggested work done.  Thank you so much." I orginally found this through a Groupon ad they were offering for an oil change special and I have been going back for a few years now for all my services and new tires. The people who own this are honest An excellent local garage. They are friendly and efficient while treating customers with respect. Their prices are excellent.  and they did bring them up with a price quote and explanation of what the problem and how they fix it. There was absolutely no pressure to get it fixed right that second... So needless to say "I had read all the Yelp reviews and purchased a Groupon for an oil change from Central Car Care. I am very disappointed. The actual experience was great during the service. One of the workers made coffee for me and the lounge area was nice for a car shop. I was advised that my truck needed a water pump  great family owners that have been so easy to deal with. I always feel they treat me fair."  where I found out that the so called things that needed to be fixed were inaccurate. One item specifically   Paul and his staff are courteous & knowledgeable. Repair prices are reasonable with quick turnarounds!" "I have come to Central Car Care for years with my truck. I would trust no one else with my truck. Paul and Rex are ethical "As a young man I was treated with little to no respect when I came in. I stated what the problem with my car was (I would have fixed it if only I had the equipment) then I was told that I was wrong and had no idea what I was talking about. I was told to then wait. They did not tell me how long   my experience was amazing.  Rex Dunn met me at the counter with a giant smile and was extremely helpful.  He even walked me through all the mechanics to what they were doing to my car.  He took the time to talk to me and was extremely kind. The work on my car was cheap "Wow!!! Talk about great customer service. I came here to get my oil changed and I plan on continuing all my car needs here. The staff is extremely friendly We found this place via grpupon when we needed an oil change. We called and made an appointment for 12 and even got there a half hour early.  While waiting for the car to be finished we ran a few errands and returned at 2pm thinking it has to be done but nope still up on the lift. The gentleman tells us it wont be much longer and to take a seat so we do and the car isnt done until 3pm! I really have no idea how an oil change can take this long or why they clearly overbooked their day. I will never return here. I have been going to Central Car Care for years and have always been happy with the quality of service and the fair prices.  I have referred several of my friends to Paul and Rex and everyone has expressed the same feelings of fairness. Tim  going on a road trip on Sunday. Central Car Care (Mike) diagnosed it quickly (power steering hose leak) and repaired it within a couple of hours Central car care is one of the only places I trust to bring my vehicle. They are honest and reliable. They work with you to fix your vehicle and to help you find the best options available. 4 vehicles and 10 years later I still bring my car here. I couldn't recommend this place enough! I love that they'll tell me what needs to be done and what I can hold off on until later.  Very reliable work.  Never had a problem with any work they've done."  and competitively priced...what more can you ask for??  I'm certainly not going anywhere else.  Thank you  and they get the job done fast. They have extremely fair pricing they fix things right the first time. I highly recommend them!!"  but only gave me lower-quality semi-metallic brakes. After I went to another mechanic to discover the problem "I had to run here on lunch to get my oil changed and 2 tires replaced before i left on a trip the next day to Flagstaff and i couldnt be happier.  The people i spoke with over the phone were very accomodating gave me a great price and most importantly got me in and out on time to work.  I really must say i will go back here again when i get my brakes done  and they didn't have the wheel for it so they told me to go ahead and buy it (I bought it online) and they would install it for me.  What I didn't realize until I took it there for the installation was that they were going to do it free of charge.  I think these guys are great.  I will continue to go to them in the future!" Don't fall for the old quarter super glued to the floor trick!  They got me and had a good laugh.  Good service though.  I'd recommend.  it takes 2 months. Finally they get it and I drop the car off at 11am on a Wednesday. They do not finish with my car until 3:30pm. I'm pretty sure it doesn't take four and a half hours to change a tire. Will never do business with them again and will warn everyone I know about them."  ""Are you sure? We are about to pull your car in now."" The break pads woman left after 3.5 hours. At 11:15 am the clerk comes to tell me that they did not have the correct oil filter for my car so they have ordered one but he doesn't feel comfortable letting me leave with the current one installed and asks if I can wait another 15 minutes. I reply by stating that I don't feel that I have a choice. At 12:54 he comes to tell me my car is ready. (What happened to 15 minutes?) He offers me six free oil change coupons for the inconvenience and states that ""it doesn't normally take this long."" Yet everyone else in the waiting room had been waiting nearly as long for their minor services as well. Four hours for an oil change? No offer to take me home Next time I went to get an oil change I was told to make an appointment.  So I called and was told call back another day because they didn't know when they could do it and they don't make appointments.  I asked for a manger Got here at 645 to be first for an oil change took 40 min to get car on rack. 15 minutes in the air to get the oil drained. Watched 3 employees talk about nothing before that even started. No one in lobby to great you and the customer waiting area has garbage in it from Thursday when I dropped in to try and get the oil changed then 12Hx_yFzAIdNSHU5tzbbQQ  it's insulting) these people are CROOKS. I used to live near one of these places and took my car in for an oil change and to have a squeaky belt replaced. I was told my car needed over $600 of service (too long a list to type here) and that ""All my belts"" needed changing. I said  what we could wait on and what we could do ourselves. They also completed all the work in 2 days. He also found some specials for us and saved us about $100." When I went in same arrogant guy behind the counter never apologized and said ""when"" I bring it back in he'll waive the $90 diagnostic fee. Give me a break Do not buy tires from Fletcher.  They do not warrant the tires they sell.  I bought a set of tires with a hazard warranty and the tires began to split.  The tires were manufactured by Firestone.  I researched Firestone tires and they have had major lawsuits and Ford actually dropped them as a supplier just last year.  Firestone had been with Ford for 94 years.  Fletcher would not cover my tires which I purchased less than 2 1/2 years ago because of the splitting of the tire.  I will NEVER buy another tire from Fletcher and neither should you. DO NOT buy tires here.  They do not stand by their product.   Go to Big O or Discount Tire.  I know they warrant their tires."  why I should leave my car or why it's not good to come on Saturday. I kept saying to him ""I need an oil change"" like regardless of what ur saying I still need an oil change. When I was in Ahwatukee I purchased this ""Family Plan"" that gives you so many free oil changes and discounts etc.  That was great when I lived in Ahwatukee because the Fletcher's out there was AWESOME. However here. I hate it. If I it wasn't for the ""Family Plan"" I wouldn't ever come here for service. Ever. As soon as this runs out I will never return. Horrible horrible place and horrible staff." "I am very happy in particular with Steve @ Fletchers In Cave Creek on Carefree Hwy. I bought some new tires and they are like driving on silk and oh so quiet.  When it came time to leave "I m so frustrated. Should've checked reviews. Been here since 10a (it's now 4) for a rear brake job- rotors and new brakes-- and an oil change. If this isn't 100% perfect when I leave here and everything doesn't feel right "I have only had positive experiences here. I'm grateful for the Groupons.. I could afford to get both front & rear brakes done and they'll always fit me in anytime to check my tire pressure 2prJHFb5KaEqCM-mUiNJ2Q  I walked to the bakery and had a snack and hung out for a bit and it was done in a decent time."  waste of time.  I'd rather pay more and go somewhere else.  Worst service ever." "Darren helped me out big time today. I used the groupon for an already ridiculously reduced price for an oil change and accessory service and he continued to drop a couple prices on some of the accessory services to help me out. He even showed me some other issues with my truck and explained to me (without making me feel stupid) what the problems were I don't know why I return. Every time I come in for an ' appointment' it takes hours to get a simple oil change. I have a baby and I'm pretty sure they know it because she gets crazy waiting for so long.  Such poor organization and scheduling and never a sense of urgency or care for the customers needs. I've been coming here for over 2 years and never been disappointed. Just had major brake work done and Darren was there to help me out every step of the way. Darren was great to work with and was very professional. I recommend Fletchers! So Sam tells me that they left wires switched. Too bad they didn't also tell me they switched coils. One week later and finding a diagram showing the correct way I get it running myself. Too bad they prefer to have an unhappy customer. Oh and I was told that I didn't hear home correctly. Wow. The customer is wrong here apparently. Zero stars.  #failureincustomerservice "Took my car there for an oil change on Saturday and had to take it back in today because they didn't put the freaking gasket back on right and my car is leaking oil.  They took care of it HORRIBLE SERVICE. Don't care about customer one bit. Just spent 2 hours on appointment that was supposed to be 45 min. Left vehicle mats dirty and grease on doors. Don't go. Would give zero stars.  2016 at 8 am to 9:20 am. The shop wanted to rip me off by further $1629 which i respectively declined. My car dashboard still showed maintenance required ameber light which i need to get it turned off again(wait time of around 15 minutes). They are very slow and good in terms of taking you on ride. Don't trust this groupon coupons at all. On top of the groupon - i end up paying $11.25 from my pocket for non existing shop supplies Nothing like dropping your car off at 2PM for brakes and tires and picking it up at 5PM! ......the next day. I originally took my vehicle to fletchers on 35th ave and union hills.  They would not release my vehicle they had done so many extra things to my vehicle without my consent that I could not pay for.  So I actually had a mechanic look at my vehicle and they said that all i needed was alignment.  This was a friend of mine.  So I took it to fletchers for the alignment.  They told me it would take a few hours so no problem.  Then they called me and said all this stuff was wrong with my vehicle and that they are not going to do the alignment that I already paid for unless i do all this other stuff.  KEep in mind my mechanic friend said that the only thing I needed was the alignment.  I called to talk to a manager.  He cussed at me and hung up on me.  I also found a few reviews that state they have done the exact same thing to them.   THis is absolutely horrible.  DO not go to these locations. Especially Bell road.  they said nothing about the progress of my car. I called the next morning at 10 am to verify that I should come pick my car up around noon when the mechanic said he hasn't done anything on my car and there's no way it would have been done by noon. He said he can try to get it done by 5:30 pm. I decided I would just take it elsewhere. They called me back around 10:20 and confirmed I didn't want the work done but I'd have to pay a ""docking fee"" for the mechanic putting my car up to work on it. I told them there's no way I was paying. I told them I didn't want them to work on it and then they started?! When I went to pick up my car at 11  and a gasket cover (??). He said the other guy was lying about half the work he said needed to be done. Fletcher's on 12th and Bell wanted to charge me $600 for the work but the other mechanic got me in and out for $200."  I have a vibration in my front end that was not there previously.  I am afraid to go back though.  I'm worried they may do more damage." No one bothered helping us : ( OMG! Avoid this place at all cost! Been here over and over an have had nothing but great service.   Helped me with my helmet and Scala with no hassle at all.  the prices are competitive and the staff has been friendly and helpful. What more could you ask?" Horrible customer service.. I pulled into the parking lot at 7:55 when they close at 8pm. The man inside ran over and locked the door right in front of me when all I needed was an oil filter for my bike and would have taken 5 mins or less. I know they lost at least one customer as ill be going back to north valley Honda and I hope many more do as well after reading this review.  tee shirt at the helmet store on 35th ave. I can walk to cycle gear from my house and drove out of my way and spent good $$$ at a place way more deserving than cycle gear. I'm not sure because I'm a female or because I didn't come in on my bike. Either way it's inexcusable."  decided that he could warranty them and found a replacement set of boots in my size. All within about 20 minutes.   Since I started riding motorcycles "I've read the reviews and agree with some.  I went to the phoenix location on Cave creek road.  Drove there from 90 miles away on a Sunday when they were scheduled to open at 10.  The worker was waiting outside due to the manager needing to come in and open and being about 1 hour away.  Needless to say I was pretty miffed.  When the store did open around 11 ish Jenn went the extra mile and a true asset to this company with added humor along the way. Thank you and I will continue to use Cycle Gear for my future purchases." I took my son to the store to buy his first helmet. Like me he has a hard to fit head. We did measurement of his head before so at least we had a place to start. My 11 year old son was finicky and tried on many helmets before finding the one he wanted. The staff that helped me was patient and answered all my questions as I needed. He was not pushy but followed our lead and was there whenever we needed him. They were pleasant to deal with. We will defiantly go back. This is the second helmet we've  bought from this store.  takes forever. Am I really going to shove something into a backpack that's fastened to my back? No other stores have ever asked me to remove my backpack ever I knew for under $200 I wasn't getting the greatest modular Bluetooth helmet It will be interesting to see what happens to this store now that they have a new owner who also owns Revzilla."  at least pick a more honest organization to throw your hard earned money at. Now if you excuse me My wait time was estimated at about 30 min These people offer stellar customer service. They went above and beyond with my oil change and tire rotation. The manager/owner is definitely doing something right with their training practices. "I went here after leaving discount tire cause they told me I needed a new tire and would not fix my flat.  Discount tire never even checked to see if it was fixable.  I decided to go to Big O tires cause I heard good things about them.  It was true!!  They looked at my tire and were able to fix it on the spot!  No charge!  They saved me $250.00 cause that's what Discount Tire wanted for a new tire.  My hats off to Big O and I will use them again I've come here for years. These guys are Honest and good people.  I'm sure every tire shop has its unsatisfactory reviews but in all the time I've been here its been nothing but good service.  terrible tire place. Not recommended. Went next door and they checked and filled all tires  but they made it possible for me to be able to get my vehicle back during a typical stressful work day! They went above and beyond! I will use them for any tire issues! I have typically gone to the one on Bell  and went out of their way to help me.  I told them I would be back Saturday for them to put new tires on and fix my spare. I am a single working mother of 5 children and don't have money or time to waste. I have never had such superb customer service. Big O has me as a customer for life! I won't go any other place. Thank you Big O!! You saved my day." I would definitely do business here again and recommended it!" "Staff are pleasant and happy to help.  The answer is always ""yes"" when I've needed a quick turn around." "I have been using this location for tire service needs for years. I recently visited for a routine rotation and was very pleased with the entire experience. First Everyone here was extremely nice and helpful starting from just the phone call! The shop was also very clean and inviting. I would recommend this location to everyone. They definitely care amount their customers car care and personal care. Also LOVE the fact that they have a complementary cell phone charging station! Whoever brought that in deserves a raise lol  and that's huge for me! I will definitely be coming back to this place! Overall a fantastic experience and a good deal for the money." If I could put no stars I would. Took my mothers car in here for a free oil change a few weeks ago because I had a coupon for being a new home owner near by. First off they told me I had to drop the car off for a few hours just to do an oil change! Ok.. So I had to have my wife pick me up. I come back to pick up the car several hours later and they tell me I need all the brake pads changed on the car and it's going to be $600! Ok are these brake pads made of gold?! I said no way I can do it myself because I know my way around cars pretty dang well! So I go home and jack up the car and take the wheels off check all four calipers and the pads are about 3/4 new still on all four calipers! These guys are crooks and they are taking advantage of good hard working people. Whoever wrote a good review about this place probably got taken advantage of and they no nothing about cars and just nod their head yes to whatever these thieves say their car needs.  and the other two were unsafe as a result of the 2 failed tires. To our surprise they wanted over $450 to replace the tires.  I went down to speak with the manager as I was confused as to how this could be.  I let the manager know it was clear the tires were failing from defects. Needless to say Big O was still unwilling to change their stance.   We were so appalled that we went down the street to purchase 4 new Pirelli tires with 90k mile warranty for only $480.00 out the door.  While having the tires replaced we found that the tires sold to us by Big O were the wrong tires as they were under the load size specified by the manufacture.  No wonder they failed miserably.  I promptly called Big O to report our findings We've been coming to this Big O since 2005. Kyle and his crew have great customer service and can help with almost anything car related. They are so accommodating and easy to work with we never consider going anywhere else. Highly recommend these guys.  I will come back and update my review. All I've laid out here are the facts of what has gone on with my car over the last two weeks. You can deduce from it what you want. I personally won't be going back to Big O again."  he said if the shocks look new and you bring them back in the original box The Boys at Desert Rat are awesome.  I hate car stuff and am always afraid of being taken because I am  a women.   When I went is they asked what the problem was and took care of me without  trying to tell me I needed more than just the shocks.  I felt comfortable with them.  I will send everyone I know.  Thanks guys!!!  and rotations were also included with the purchase. Extremely painless and professional process. We would highly recommend Desert Rat and we will continue to use them for future off-road needs." The dealership quoted me $3800 to fix my 2013 F150 The guys at Desert Rat took a look at it and found the right problem and it was only $500 to fix and ready the same day  I appreciate how you can bring your car to Discount and have them check your tires without an appointment to make sure everything is OK. Also when I have had to bring it in they have always been very fast and the guys working there do great customer service. Although they work as fast as they can  I should've checked that the tire floating around my trunk held air - I might've noticed the large gaping hole in the tire at some point).  I hereby resolve never to return to Discount Tire.  Apparently  they are hard to beat."  discount has provided a great warranty and a decent price.  i regret buying tires for my civic somewhere else ... with them i got a bad warranty and bad service. discount really is a-ok by me."  drove off with 2 new tires mounted & balanced at 9:15am. And they had the best price I found. Seriously So I get no-brand tires at the same price as brand-name. They wear out in 3 months and in addition they can't patch up a tire without getting a new one."  buy the lifetime tire  balance and rotation for $ 50.00."  & don't talk to me like I'm an idiot. I appreciate that. Tires are expensive and you get what you pay for with quality and longevity but these guys give great service regardless of how much you're spending. Glad this location is my neighborhood Discount Tire." 12/7/11: back again and glad I got the tire protection."  it was also cheap and quick.  I'm definitely taking my car here when its tires go." "These guys are great! The store Manager Ty Craig is truly an asset that Discount tire could never afford the lose! They will bend over backward to take care of you here  EXCELLENT customer service and the waits aren't too bad. I will only come here for my automobile needs from now on. Definitely recommend."  it had a nail in it. After waiting almost an hour they told me it was unrepairable and tried to get me to buy a new tire. They were originally purchased at Fletcher's so I brought it there instead Mark ... your car is ready. Awesome!" "I'm always impressed at how efficiently the staff at Discount Tire works...no one is ever loafing around or at 1/2 speed.  I've not ever seen another business that is so consistent. They work quickly and constantly.  I don't feel like I have ever been misled I will for sure be back here. Good job Discount Tire. Great job."  the young man asks if I want a bottle of water while I wait. Amazing service."  the assistant manager at the Tatum and bell location is absolutely amazing! He took such great care of me and I was extremely impressed with his customer service. The other guys at the store were also very helpful and courteous. This is definitely the place to go to when you get a flat!"  and fair price.  I'll be back the next time I need tire service."  professional yet funny crew of employees they have here.  Their prices reflect that they understand what people need due to the economy.  I only wish they had more plugs for when one needs to work on their electronic device while waiting.  Mine started to die and I had to charge my laptop in an odd spot that left me in the way of employees and customers.  HOWEVER  so feel free to ask as many questions as you possibly have.  I recently bought 4 tires for 2 of my vehicles for the President's Day special.  It's good deal when you know what you are doing.  Give them a try if you haven't done it before.  I know I'll go back again for more of their great services." "Stopped by Discount Tire to get a nail taken out of my rear tire and filled. As soon as I walked in a gentlemen came out from behind the counter and welcomed me into the store. He assessed my tire and entered all of my info into the computer and said it would be about 30minutes. He was extremely friendly. I waited outside for about 25min and another gentleman pulled my car up front and said everything had been completed and they checked the pressure on my other tires as well. When I asked how much he smiled and said ""Free QGOztEZthxVG0R_Ns5__xw The guys here are great. An extra big thanks to Chris for the fantastic customer service.  easy and knowledgable!! Turned my boiling blood into an ear to ear smile!! I will NEVER go anywhere else again!!" To be in and out within an hour without an appointment and when the tires I wanted weren't even in stock... absolutely amazing!"  and I really appreciate honesty and straight  business instead of this. It's too bad that this happens right in front of the store manager (Ty). I guess that tells you something." Great place! I went in for a tire pressure check. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes and was given a bottle of water. FREE! Great service nice employees I come here for all tire stuff. :)  thanks Discount Tire Guys.  they make sure you fully understand every aspect of any product you purchase from them and ensure you that you're making a good purchase that you can be confident about! Hopefully I won't have to be back anytime soon but for a FREE tire rotation but if I had to Came out of an appointment with a tire that was flatter than a pancake!  We got the car over to these guys an they had me in and out with new tires in less that 30 minutes!  Unbelievable! 000 miles. I knew the tires had decent tread left but half expected them to try and sell me new ones. But they didn't and that's why I'll keep coming back again and again. They just fixed the tire (nail) free and fast. Thanks and great job!" Love disc tire !!! I always get the best service from these guys !!! Highly recommended !!always free tire Check. They repaired my tire at no cost !!! Will be returning!!! :)  friendly faces and a cold bottle of water was offered to me! This hot Arizona day Customer service still exists and 5 stars of customer service goes out to this discount tire location on tatum and bell ...store mgr Ty you have a 5 star classy associate in Daniel .....my business my families business and everyone i know will be seeing you .... Thank you for doing things right and blowing my mind !! Another very impressive visit to this discount tire location ..... Its been 110 plus degrees outside with no end in sight .... got my free air pressure check and was once again provided with exceptional customer service .... Justin M.  was thorough as can be even offered me a free bottle of water ... thank you sir !!   Why would anyone get tires anywhere else ??  friendly and efficient. Integrity is a lost art in business. If they say your car will be ready in an hour "I went to this location and was going to pay asap. I did not care about cost because safety first is my opinion but the problem was that i was a woman. I did not get any type of hi or anything that i thought they were going to help me. I waited around for i dont know how long and i was going to meet my dad there because this was my first experience getting tires. So then my dad shows up and as soon as he gets there he gets a hi sir how can i help you? He was not paying for my tires that were going to cost me $300. My dad asked a few questions and then it was time for me to pay  the guy didn't even bend over to measure tread. Me ""ok well maybe I will pull around to get air check"" I was guided into the bay by another guy an he just walks away.....sat there for a few minutes and no one acknowledged They did fix my tire for free and inspected and fill proper air in all four tires" These guys will go out of their way to take care of you. No hidden costs and they tell you everything you need and don't take advantage of you like some other sleazy shops do.  but certainly not great. The service at Discount? well below average. This last time we were in to drop off the car  make an appointment ahead of time so you don't have to wait.  This is something this discount tire location can't seem to manage.  Three times now I have waited over an hour and when I complain they apologize and say it was checked in wrong and didn't show I had an appointment.  How hard is it to check someone in and match their name with the name of the person who has the appointment?! Every other business in America can handle it Everyone was friendly and customer focused. As I sat waiting for my tires I watched quite a few customers come in and be greeted and taken care of in a fast and friendly manner. My experience was definitely a positive one." "What a great experience! I was greeted with big smiles from a super friendly staff. The gentleman that helped me gave me detailed information and kindly answered all of my questions. My account was pulled up quickly and warranty verified in a few seconds. I was in and out of this place with a brand new tire and my whole trunk put back together! Thanks for everything I will not buy tires from anywhere else than Discount Tires" My experience has been so great with these guys. My last trip here was surely a miracle. I needed to drive pretty far and be away from home for a few months and got them checked. Based on their assessment of my tires I decided to replace all four. My brother needed a tire and was driving on his donut. They made it so easy for us to make a deal on getting my four tires and putting my best old tire on my brothers car! Seriously so pleased with these guys. Can't thank them enough!!!" I think I will try another location next time." 