"Ya Gotta Regatta! It's Pittsburgh's mid summer July 4th celebration. Once it was the largest inland regatta in the nation with an average 1 Million people visiting for the four day event. Scaled back these days for reasons I won't get into  I had fun here. They just need more portapottys. It's something to do and somewhere to people watch. And the fireworks were pretty."  but it was more focused on the various areas of the city. It was a great tour overall and it was very fun to see the different My husband and I enjoyed this tour - very informative.  The ease of being picked up at the hotel and the friendliness of the tour guide made for an enjoyable couple of hours.  but having experienced how unprofessional they conduct business business I'm elated that it wasn't functioning. I refuse to patronize a company who never answers the phone let alone respond to emails. In addition  probably even if you don't think so at first! Can't recommend it highly enough - I would go again  I'd definitely recommend Stellar Adventures if you're looking for a little half-day trip or want to treat some out-of-town guests. It's a little pricey though  and really customized our ride for us based on all our driving skills. I would do this again in a heartbeat. Totally worth it. Thanks Chad. (and JJ)"  this is a great way to try them out. We will definitely be bringing out of town guests on this tour in the future  having three teenage boys in tow.  My youngest son has autism and rode with Chad on his ATV.  Chad was caring and patient with him and my son was thrilled!!! Highly recommend." pLIEBQRP9hDG9T2OWDX04w This was definitely the highlight of our vacation!!!" "I wanted to write a whole long elaborate review on how awesome our ATV experience was but it would be way too long and I'm lazy. I HIGHLY recommend this company. The guys are great The desert tour was beautiful.  We had covered the same ground the previous year on a Tomcar  tour and that was actually more fun than the Hummer.      Our guide was a proficient driver but not as personable as I would expect for a tour guide and from my perspective Awesome place! Great views & the tour guide Dustin was very patient with one of the riders in our group that wasn't very experienced. Defiantly recommend this place I highly recommend booking your adventure with Stellar Adventures!"  while my husband and I were able to have fun at our pace. The route offers both challenges for more experienced riders and a safe place for beginners. We would definitely recommend this company and guides." Took the family today for some ATV fun. Asked for a guide and we got Brett. He was a straight shooter who told it like it was. He was really patient with some of our younger kids who were old enough to ride but hadn't ridden before. Don't know if that was the best option for beginners as some of the trails are a little tough but we made it through with one minor spill that could've been a lot worse. Highly recommend it as it was one of the best things we've ever done on vacation.  we had such a blast I'd highly recommend this tour if in town and looking for something fun to do. Fun for all ages. Good spot for camping too.  Be careful out there though.  There are people camping in the area "This sure was a stellar adventure!!! Brett was awesome...he was super informative and really made us feel comfortable before we went on the trail. This was my first time on an ATV so he had me ride behind him- by the time we were done I truly enjoyed my tour!  I will definitely do it again - especially if family comes in from out of town." There are so many competitors and the economy is not great right now.  Companies cannot afford to have the worst customer service.  I did call  Detours.  They were quite helpful." If I'm lucky enough to make it to Phoenix again I would use them again!  It was very relaxing to let someone else do the driving." PARTING THOUGHT: Why take a chance with your vacation and book with an unreliable tour company when there are so many excellent options in the area?"  delivered in an informative and entertaining way. Topics range from what makes a desert happen Q1sa26u2D6nokOgW28qN6g  please continue to allow these jeep tours - they are wonderful and very sensitive to maintaining the environment." I highly recommend Southwest Tours & would definitely consider using them again the next time we go out there for a visit."  look no further!  Vaughan's Southwest Custom Tours is extremely reliable with knowledgeable guides Tim was the highlight of the trip.  He provided the visiting Australian family with tips on visiting Sedona and showed us some great things along the way.  He had a supply of water he kept encouraging us to drink. My daughter left our camera in the car and he graciously returned it that very night.  Thanks Tim and SouthWest for providing us with a great experience."  picked us up right on time and the van had individual seats and was very clean and comfortable with plenty of leg-room.  Howard was very knowledgeable about everything we passed during our trip.  His commentary made the ride go by very quickly.  We stopped and had a wonderful lunch on the Navajo Reservation and had time to browse in the very large gift shop.  Free water was provided on the van and we made enough bathroom stops to keep us happy.  On the way to the Grand Canyon Howard even took a detour for us to drive over a beautiful waterfall where people were fishing.  We made 5 different viewing stops on the south rim of the Grand Canyon including ones that were not stopped at by the large tour buses which gave us ample oppurtunity to take photos.  Our final stop at the Grand Canyon was at Yavapai Point where we visited a beautiful hotel and the Hopi House Gift Store which I highly recommend both if you want to buy a gift and also just to view the beautiful building both inside and out.  A quick dinner stop on the way back to our hotel completed our day.  I highly recommend this tour company as we believe they provided excellent service for our money." Areas for improvement:  A 15% Yelp check-in offer was posted on the website We all agreed it was a great trip and Princely was the perfect guide."  but it was nice not to drive and we had a fun time."  and a lot of random physics and environmental science. We even stopped to stargaze on the way home - awesome! I'd highly recommend it if you have only a day to visit the Canyon!"  it doesn't mean that everyone would be the same. It really hurts when something is said in a wrong way when representing a country. Preference is given to a guided tour mainly with the reason that the guide would know better than a new visitor. In such a case "Just went on one day tour of Grand Canyon with guide Howard. The three of us were picked up at Scottsdale hotel right on time. It was a stormy day but Howard changed schedule during day to take advantage of breaks and openings in passing clouds. We were rained on only once during the day  was extremely friendly and full of knowledge!  You can tell that he is passionate about his state!  I would definitely recommend Vaughn's Southwest Tours to anyone traveling to Arizona!" b8Bkm7-a1FNRjZGB-szEzg  mountains and farmlands... Princely knew the ins and outs and avoided traffic with his shortcuts...  We stopped in Sedona and had the opportunity to take in a couple of different vistas while there. Princely was great at making sure we had family photos -- always offering to snap shots at each stop we made. I felt like we were the only people at the Canyon upon arrival. We came in through the ""back door"" as it were -- avoiding huge crowds that enter through the main entrance. It was wonderful. Driving along the rim we saw elk feeding and Princely ""banged a u-ie"" and went back to the spot so we could take pictures. It was great! We made several stops at the Canyon to take in the beauty and views and snap lots of photos. I highly recommend Southwest Tours... We could have never done so much on our own -- it was nice to kick back b8Bkm7-a1FNRjZGB-szEzg  knowledgeable and personable. He went out of his way to make the day pleasant and enjoyable. I highly recommend these tours." 