My son bought a used Jeep and brought it here to get necessary repairs and inspection.  Kerry fixed everything and the price was great. It's hard to find a good mechanic that is honest and affordable. They are both!!  but he showed up with a positive attitude and was excited to be able to help me out. If the car buying experience here is anything like the service I received from Kerry  which is the day after a holiday! He called the glass place right there and gave me a great quote! I'm very happy about the quick and friendly service! Other places couldn't give me an appointment for weeks My father went to them years ago when he had a car with some serious issues and limited funds to address them.  They worked with him and gave him several options to get that car back on the road within his budget.  I concur with the other poster that these guys are straightforward and do not play games to try and add unnecessary charges to your bill.  My wife is very loyal to them because it is the only auto repair business she has ever used where the mechanics do not treat her like an idiot because she is a woman.  Would definitely recommend!" My husband and I have older cars and take them here for repairs and inspections. We have been customers for five years and I will never go anywhere else. They are completely fair. Sometimes I will ask for an oil change and they will let me know that the oil looks good and doesn't need it. I really trust them and have never felt any doubts or needed second opinions. Their prices are great and they treat customers very well. They are pleasant to deal with. I work downtown and it is easy to drop my car off and walk to the subway at McNeilly Road. They make the experience hassle free. "I recommend these guys to everyone that is looking for a loyal shop. These guys are straight-up  or my friend's vehicle back twice for the same problem. Nothing every mysteriously goes wrong after you get your car back like at some places. They don't cut corners or skimp. They work their behinds off nonstop. If you're someone who doesn't know about cars (and I am someone who does so I know when someone is trying to pull the wool over my eyes) then you can trust them! They have never told me anything that isn't true or tried to sell me anything I didn't need." So I called reynold's and within half an hour my car was safely in my apt complex's parking garage. The tow guy was also super helpful and courteous." Please avoid this company at all costs. I have had experience with much more helpful companies in the Urbana-Champaign area."  and polite. After all the reviews here and on google seems that if you call them you  the Reynolds worker smiled and asked him if he recognized her.  She was the manager on duty at Papa John's when his scooter was towed.  Shame on you Reynolds for towing poor college students from an establishment they are patronizing so you can make more money." "This place is absolutely terrible. I paid 240 dollars to get my car back and had to wait a half hour for them to even let me get to my car. On top of that these people are condescending assholes. Do not use these people  was not only hilarious but very polite and efficient as well. Great guy!" A car that had been parked for at least 3 days was still on the street despite city signs for an event. Andy's towed the car within 15 minutes of the call. Super fast service.  Andy! and thank you!" My Nissan 350Z had a flat tire in Champaign and the guys at Andy's helped me out tremendously. They towed my low-riding car with great care and gave me a lift to the local tire shop at a very reasonable price. Won't go anywhere else for my future towing needs. "My car was disabled at my home and needed a tow to the repair shop. I used the Roadside Assistance option through my auto insurance. The call was dispatched at 8:35am and the tow was expected to arrive at 9:10. By 9:30 I called and asked what's up. I was informed they were on their way and would arrive in 15 min. By 9:50 I called and asked what's up again. They said there was an accident on the freeway and the driver had to take that call first From the card Mathew gave me it looks like they have many other transportation and vehicle services as well." Doesn't anybody give good customer service anymore???????" Thanks Valley Towing for taking such good care of my sister's car."  their services were super slow. It took them more than two hours to do so. I would not recommend this company to do the towing."  they have drivers who drive for them who are very unsafe and I spoke to the ""Director of Safety"" and he didn't care about this unsafe drivers antics that I saw first hand. Be careful when you employ this company "This is the worst experience I've ever had with a tow company.  Shady business practices all around.  Towed one of our fleet vehicles back to our office and then proceeded to fleece our employee.  1st citing one cost for towing  arrived within 5 minutes of time given. Driver was very friendly and helpful. Saved the number in my phone will use again and recommend!" Took an hour and a half to arrive when they finally did had no room for passengers. Once the car finally got to my house after getting a ride from a friend the driver refused to drop the car in my driveway then charged $70 for a 1 mile tow Amazing company!  Jason was our towing expert and he saved the day!  He arrived in record time and was so pleasant.  Our one date night for the semester (we have two young boys) was salvaged and we had a great story to tell. Thank you Valley Towing!! :)  an auto repair shop that I can trust! I have been taking my car here for a while based on a recommendation I received. I always feel confident that they are being honest with me and I always receive excellent service. It doesn't  hurt that they leave a piece of candy in my car when I pick it up :-)!" Since writing this review I have received a phone call from them making sure that I was satisfied with their service and received a thank you card in the mail. They continue to impress me. When was the last time you got that level of service from anyone?"  was not a problem. Thank you so much for Honest and Good Service. I know I will be taking my car back there for all my repairs.  They have great Oil Change prices and a percentage off your service for referring a friend. All around great family feel place." I saved over $700 by having them do the work and not the first overpriced shop."  they told me I had a horrible coolant leak. I explained that's what I had gotten fixed back in January. They told me it was going to cost me more money for them to figure out where the leak was coming from. I refused to let them touch my car. I brought it to another mechanic to find out the ""leak"" was a $2.00 fix. A metal clamp that holds the hose in place was loose. If the mechanics at Dean's can't spot a loose metal hose clamp "Do not go to DEANS auto repair unless you want to waste half your day and receive a bill you pay to get your car back that is a poor opinion of  what needs to be repaired.  What a joke this place has the b**** to charge $135 to open the hood for a few minutes and sit on the car for an hour and call you back to say you need to clean out your gas lines Trustworthy. Thorough. Dependable. Tucked on the corner of 32nd Street and Oak this longtime Central Phoenix repair shop has been my go-to for about 4 years. They get to know their customers and the cars they drive and never ever upsell. If you don't really need a repair they'll tell you it can wait. They'll give you a ride to work and pick you up when your vehicle is done. These are good people who do good work for an honest rate.  grab keys off the unattended front counter and steal vehicles right out of their own parking lot in less than a minute.They did fix the problem with my coolant system I have heard about Dean's from several friends as well as people I work with and the company I work for go there to service our vehicles. I am able to drop it off and get a oil change come back and they make sure my car is in the best shape and I leave with a great running car with new oil and a new attitude! Thanks to everyone at Deans Auto for the amazing work and taking care of my car!  I will send them here without fail - and John and the guys at Cathedral have always come through by totally taking care of anyone I send to them. In a business filled with some sketchy practices "This place was recommended to me from a co-worker. Most of the company now brings their car's here. These guys are great 000  mile tune up. They only had  the car  for  the  day  and the  price was  very  fair. I have  always taken my Forrester  to  the dealer but  not  any more ! I will be taking  my  car to John and Shane from  now  on !"  both John and Shane went above and beyond their scope of work without adding to the bill; Why? Because it was important to them to make sure everything was perfect. I recently took my car in without an appointment because  due to the engine light coming on. John did the diagnosis "I would say it's been very hard to find an auto mechanic I feel I can trust. These guys I do. I took my vehicle to them thinking I needed my alternator replaced. I was convinced I needed a new one. After inspecting my SUV they told me my alternator was fine. After much trouble shooting  and have also been bringing their cars here for years.  I'm about to take my car in for some regular maintenance work knowing that the prices are fair It is hard enough when something is going wrong with a vehicle.  Whatever the news is going to be I have had great and honest service here and have been going to them for years.  They have always given me an estimate before they fix anything.  The service is fast and they will work with you on dates.  In the past they drove me home and picked me back up when I didn't have a ride.  I really like this place. How many places in Phoenix can you have a broken air conditioner ...drop your truck off to have it fixed.... and when you pick it up they not only have it fixed but there's no charge!!!! They said there was a little labor involved but no parts needed so they didn't charge us anything..... This place was referred to me by some friends who said you'll be pleasantly surprised.... Unbelievable!!!! Shane and his crew more than ten years.  We will never go anywhere else. Believe it!!"  I try to save the big repairs for when I visit family in Phoenix. That way I can take my Mazda 3 to Cathedral. I trust Shane and his crew to do the job right and give me a square deal. They just replaced my broken AC compressor "I am an old gentleman on a fixed budget and an old car that needed some freon for my car as it is very hot out.  I was never contacted so when I called a day later they said ""your car has been done since yesterday"" Well thank you so much for calling me and giving me an $800 dollar bill before you ever asked me because you said my car needed a new ""condenser"" I don't even know what that is? On top of everything else "We have used John and Shane quite a bit and they are great. Honest and hard working. My husband has quite a few old cars and they tale care of them for us when needed!  Great guys 