It's the closest thing to what our parents and grandparents used to call a dime store or ""5-and-dime"".  It's an older and more charming version of Family Dollar or something like that." "Stores like this are the best thing! I love the personal touches and the selection! A great place for toys and novelties! If you are not sure of a gift for someone "Great little toy store on the corner of a quiet neighborhood street. Besides being a foodie  but they don't have as much as other toy stores do. Lots of educational Thanks Shadyside Variety.  I couldn't be more thankful of your service." It's nice to have a store like this around.  It draws you in  those other places won't have the small little nicknacks that the Variety Store carries. It would be a kid's delight to walk in here an explore the small items  the owner seemed to be very hands-on. Not only was she helping a lot of customers find particular items  I understand you don't care about 2 dollars.  But keep in mind Mighty awesome creative store.  This is a must visit store.  I want to live here.  Love love love this store.  I didn't even know that this place was even here. I walked in and was pleasantly surprised at the abundance of items "I had no idea that this toy store existed until I lost my husband in Banana Republic a few months ago. I couldn't find him but immediately figured out where he was when I glanced out the front doors and saw a sign pointing to the shop. The store had a large selection - two jam-packed floors - ranging from toys for younger children to games for adults. This would be a great shop to wander and brainstorm for the young (or just young at heart)  was mesmerized. There is so much to look at from floor to ceiling. Some things brought back memories from my childhood and somethings brought back memories from my boys' childhood. Now that my boys are grown and not at a point in their life for children  and the correct price. I got in and out. Didn't spend over a penny more than my planed budget. I was so excited. lolol." YzK-OxLEvxF7_8O4BElhUg The parking lot is dark and scary.  There were rusty carts strewn about.  Boxes and toys were all over the floor in the store.  I went twice in the past week and they had one register open with four other people doing nothing both times.  First cashier wasn't friendly but the most recent one was.  The prices were okay.  I had a Groupon for the first visit and 15% off for the second.  The store needs a major overhaul and some employees who care.  they have toys and that's what you're there for." "Always very helpful in this location.  The employees really seem to care about helping customers.  Store is always clean and well stocked.  Today we picked out a 16"" bike for my youngest.  Time to get home and ride!" Terrible service. Wasnt even able to complete an order there. It was like the clerk was making fun of me or something. So weird. The mngr lied to me about the meaning of a coupon. It was like they didnt want to be bothered to ring things up and get people out of there. "I'm sick of this parking lot being perpetually littered with trash. I understand that's it's hard to reinvest in an old building This is why amazon is killing big box retailers... I get all of the toys I want and no boob sweat." "This Toys R Us has the worst customer service I have experienced in a big box store in years. We drove an hour to get to the nearest Toys R Us to redeem gift cards for our kids. The store would not cash out the remaining balance on the gift cards. I asked for the manager. The staff and manager treated me with contempt and refused to give me cash for the balance of the cards. I appealed to them I wish there was a more up to date and clean Toys R Us nearby to take our son too." Are they going out of business?" I would come back here again!" I'll stick to using the store to browse and for gift ideas for the time being." This location has a Starbucks in the center of the bookstore that really gets packed at times.  It is a popular place for friends to meet for a cup of coffee and a chat."  and that makes it solidly A-OK."  if you can find them. Bathroom is clean-ish."  so it's easy to give any B&N a glowing review.  This one in particular is one of my favorites in the Charlotte area (vs. the locations at Carolina Place Mall and off the corner of Sharon Colony).  The reason being is that it's one level  but hadn't gotten a chance to read one. Barnes and Noble had the Foxfire Christmas book at a reasonable price I guess the point of my review is more about professionalism on the job... Happy with the store as a whole Why would I pay $13 more for a book I could buy from the website- & get free shipping? B&N better wake up & price match.  but goodness... Won't be returning because of rude staff. Was told I wasn't allowed to move a table because they needed to push a cart through fHovFhbYJcy6y4oosMhM_A STR: 2812  REGL 001 TRN: 5460 CSHR: Justin S" "Not bad for Champaign. Helpful associates. Baby clothes always on sale. They also have a Birthday thing for your kid until they're ten years old. Prices are high but you can find anything. What really impressed me was the amount of starter instruments for kids. Anything you can think of Newly remodeled and service is friendly and available. They don't price match. I was told they will only price match their own webiste.   ordered what we needed on the spot with free shipping" Come with coupons or you'll be paying a lot for things you can find at a consignment shop." UGGGGH!!!!  Damn you Toys R Us!!! Damn you!!!!!   No matter what coupon I have Sign up for a TRU credit card to earn cash back on purchases" I have a baby registry here due to a friend's recommendation because of the money back policy. The first time we went was on a weekend and everything was okay (besides the woman spelling everything incorrectly on my registry so I had to come back to fix) but we went on a weekday to finish up and it was awful. We had our travel system picked after much research/trial. The registry sales person took it ypon themselves to try to talk us into another system for over an hour. We wasted all the time we had on that and got nothing else done. I walked away feeling really bothered by the dude and upset he'd wasted my time. I haven't stepped for back in the store and don't really want to. Get control of your registry people champaign toys r us! Help only if asked and get stuff right the first time!  want some toys for your kids (the dollar bins are always ravaged by happy kids)  this place will likely bring up some position memories of yesterday."  Marvel and super hero toys etc. I being a huge star wars toy collector was quite impressed with the selection of vintage figures and accessories the store had. It was also nice to see fairly reasonably priced items on many toys that are not so common to see these days. I thought Toy Anxiety could have had a little better selection of newer Star Wars figures and been more negotiable with the prices. Overall I would def visit again next time in the Phoenix area. 90/100 Duke it!" One of the things I love most about this place; There are a few plastic chests of drawers full of $1 toys They did have some truly collectable pieces behind the counter for the big bucks but I am not into that at all.  Most of their items were very reasonably priced.  They even had used toys in bargain bins.  I got a ziplock bag full of dinosaurs for my nephews for just a dollar.  You can't beat that.  They did have gift cards available so that was a big plus  helpful and knowledgable. I have gone to many toy shops in Oklahoma ( from there was just visiting the Phoenix area) and none of them can hold a candle to what this shop offers in all of the areas of available stock This place is awesome. Just bought a loose super powers darkseid. Will def be back for more. Lots of loose figures. Great prices and friendly staff. This place is an unbelievable find. I love taking my young sons (4 and 7) just so we can all play with the Transfomers. If you are a toy collector (like hours truly) or just want to step back into the golden years of cool toys I highly recommend this place. Staff is great too.  rare and cool toys!  Staff was nice and friendly which makes a world of a difference!  I will definitely be going back for more....Thanks Toy Anxiety!" Awesome store! My best friend loves Star Wars and loved this store. Lots of Star Wars collection!! Staff was very friendly and helpful. I will be back again soon!  there was something from my childhood that brought back some fun memories. What makes this store even better is that it's so so so organized and the staff is super friendly. Definitely looking forward to checking out new inventory when I visit AZ again."  and just about every other genre action figure you want and need. great staff I've come in several times to buy and trade and I am immensely satisfied with the service and definitely the ample variety of outstanding toys available." This store has a large selection. They however try to sell broken toys. I tried to talk to the manager about a mark down and he was very rude and said one thing then walked away. I will not be coming back! This is such a fun place!!  They take trade in's and pay for old collectibles. Such a cool store. All sorts of toys and collectibles. I traded some toys in for store credit and thought I got what they are worth. They had some really cool horror collectibles that I got some new some used. The owner is really nice and helpful. I would recommend this store to any collector. Be prepared to nerd out hardcore."  even as I was checking out I noticed more stuff. The two main things I noticed that struck my interest was sideshow and funko. I even found sideshow statues from around 2010. The people working their were also very nice and willing to cut you a deal if you buy multiple things. I recently moved here and I look forward to coming back again!"  so you kinda have to trust my opinion."  feel a little goth or emo now and then or just want to find a cool band concert shirt so they'll be hip with the ladies - this isn't an all bad place to go."  and then I think I don't want a shirt with some 80's character on it! Most of all I just find emo/goth types who are always running ramped in there to be overwhelming. I feel more fake shopping in there  everyone deserves to have a place to shop. This serve the purpose for those people. Gotta give them props. They have excellent customer service and are willing to go out of their way to help you find something even at other stores."  as I only go her with my teenage daughters as that is the clientele they are geared towards.  My daughters however enjoy shopping here "The Paradise Valley location has extremely disappointing service ! My daughter was very excited to shop at Hot Topic with her Christmas gift card. When she walked up to pay the evening cashier on 12/26/13 didn't run the gift card appropriately and told my daughter she didn't have any money on the card. I asked him to call the number on the back to help us out and he said he couldn't because there we too many customers  Black veil Brides to Iron Maiden - this is just a fun place.  Not for everyone I understand - the employees are usually very nice and helpful and darkly colorful.  You can be sure they will have a box of bacon & cheese Crickets on hand and some older favorites like Razzles."  they have even more movie/show related merchandise. My Little Pony - check. Adventure Time - check. DC/Marvel - check. Miscellaneous anime - check. Supernatural - check! (There are tons more I work here and I'm awesome so come see me!  this is possibly my favorite Toys R Us.  They always have more than one register open and they actually had freakin ZhuZhu pets.  Can't hate that.  This one doesn't seem to be populated by the same unrestricted breeders that the suburbia ones do so it is slightly more quiet and causes fewer headaches for me."  but maybe they'll get their act together."  sometimes it is not easy since I am in the area a lot and sometimes I need to check out something for the twins.  Last time I was there they only had two cashiers and the lines were really long.  Patience is not one of my virtues.  There have been plenty of times where I have just left empty handed because I couldn't wait that long for a kids purchase.  Good thing I rarely shop with the twins in tow." I'll go back to shop at this ""Necessary Evil"" again soon because they are A-OK "-Meh- that's about as much as I have to say for this store. I don't frequent toy stores all that much and when I do its usually with my 5 year old niece (why would I do that to my self? Seriously  i was informed they did and they would put it on hold for me till 5pm i drove an hour from my home to the store and when i got there no item none on the shelf and I stood behind a guy at the counter for over 45min while the guy tried to figure out how to help the customer. manager and another employee finally came and asked me how they could help. it took another 30 min to order what i wanted on line I've never had an issue with any department here at Toy R US! They do need to pay their employees more as you just know that is needed!  I would avoid entering this Toys R Us at all cost.  Actually I showed him what I ordered and he went to the back. He returned about 5 minutes later and asked me again what I had ordered. This time I handed him the receipt I had brought with me. He returned a few minutes later and said the order was canceled cuz I had not picked it up quick enough. I told him that I had already paid for the items and it had not even been 10 days since the order. He said the order was canceled several days back and that I had not been charged for the items. I went home disappointed and checked my statement to find I had indeed been charged for the transaction. The employee did not seem to care one bit about the situation. When I asked if I could pick out the same products from the store "i loved the great selection of infant toys they offered here. We needed a mobile and  a rattle but didn't want to go to babies-r-us because it was too far. The guy who helped was real good at finding what we needed. Mike took us to the aisle we wanted to see I went to pick up a swing set my mother ordered and had to stand around for 53 minutes waiting for them to bring it out. While I waited I watched two employees complain and make excuses for being unorganized and crabby people. When they finally brought the swing set out the box was open and pieces were falling out everywhere. When I refused the box employee number three started in with her excuses and bad attitude. I understand having a job you hate but please don't make customers miserable too. They worse customer service ever..I'm in the store writing this review as we speak. Trying to get help in the video game section is worse then going to the dentist.  4 employees at the front register for 2 customers. Ask another employee for help he said it's not his area. Mean while 2 manager types behind the closed doors finally appear. Holy cow just wanted a video game. Never again here!!!!  it's not really dirty but it's not really organized. The place is kinda expensive and there are not many deals."  they'll also want to be  Toys R Us kids... just like I was and admittedly still am!"  the whole deal.  I thought we would take a trip and get a lego set for him since he stayed home today.  I saw that they had a free captain america figure with all lego purchases over $30.  Went down 