 lots more equipment (they have bball court and pool!). But I would recommend checking it out if you like a small gym." If you live in Shadyside (or nearby)... GO TO URBAN ACTIVE INSTEAD. It's cheaper and the facilities are unbelievably better than XShadyside... although I apparently have a membership at XShadyside for another month now My only real complaint is the utter lack of parking. There were times when I would drive over to work out I am looking forward to Planet Smoothie opening next door." The rumor is that Katie Holmes tried this class out too!  The girl has got some good taste.  Still love TOM!" Until (or if?) the LA Fitness opens at the corner of Baum and Liberty (with proposed parking garage) I love this gym everybody there is soooooo nice and helpful  I am moving back home (cancellation process was no hassle at all like I've read on here!) "Terribly overrated. Deceptive contracts abound. The staff are all snotty and think they are the gurus of all exercising. The actual equipment is ok  the choice is quick ... The reason you would stick to this gym is the classes. If you want a spin class or a yoga class I can't wait for my contract to end; I regret signing one now. There has to be better gyms in the area."  gets very busy after 5pm on weekdays and sometimes difficult to find open free weight benches but cardio machines always available"  consider the location.  The staff is helpful and friendly.  Being open over nights Monday through Thursday is nice if you want to avoid peak times.  I wish they were 24-7" Moral of the story: This is a solid gym and absolutely worth the money if you take advantage of the classes.  Oh This gym is great. If you live in Shadyside Bloomfield the location couldn't be better. I got my membership without the sign on fee which was a huge bonus. I mostly used the cardio equipment which there is a lot of. I chose this gym because of the proximity to my apartment but stayed with them for the employees and atmosphere. I can not remember ever having to wait more than a couple of minutes for a machine or bench and usually just did something else until it came free. The staff always helpful and makes sure to greet you every time.  For people who are serious lifters like myself it was a great place but also not intimidating for new or sporadic gym goers. The hours are convenient for any work schedule. I recommend to any friends in the area.  and I have always found the equiptment to be up to date and working well. I chose X because of its location in relation to my apartment and I could not have made a better choice. There is something to be said for not ""selling out"" and going to one of the top name This is an amazing gym with all the amenities. The weight room is very impressive and has all the machines you could ask for. The staff is very friendly and the facility is extremely clean.  I was pleased with the gym and the only major selling point for me is the convenience. I could've gone to my school's gym Best Gym for the price in the area. Very convenient. Equipment and classes are great.  especially after discontinuing the membership. You might be the victim too!"  and difficulty parking (not a big issue for me because I always walk jog bike here)." Very nice gym in the heart of Shadyside. I never had a problem with non-functioning equipment. Parking can be an issue if you don't live near by. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because of the limited weekend hours. Closing at 6pm on Sat Sun is too early.  the gym is falsely advertised as open 24 7.  As a morning person it is extremely irritating to need to wait to get my Saturday started until 8:00am "This is a nice fun gym to come to there open 24 7 so you can go to the gym at any time of the day or night .. The classes are super fun like body pump   you will likely find yourself with extra charges when trying to freeze   terminate your account." Word to the wise: monitor your hygiene and really consider if the convenience is worth it."  quite the opposite in fact the management was very accommodating.  I did give a months advance warning though so maybe that was an issue other people had."  definitely take advantage of the complimentary training session you get. They spend lots of time with you and actually listen to what it is you want to focus on  which is always nice. I would have stayed a member longer if I hadn't decided to put my fitness funds toward Yoga One. If you're looking for a gym The only downside to this Y compared to others is that you have to pay for the yoga and pilates classes and they require advanced registration.  I like to drop-in on such classes." Yeah good place to work out We come here for the kids activities. I am not a member if this gym. Why? They're not open 24 hours and they're expensive for what I use the gym for. The kids activities would be a lot cheaper if we were members but we don't do activities all year long so it's just cheaper to pay the high non member price of the activities.  & a great place to work out! Zumba is a fun way to break a sweat!"  young urban professionals and some retirees who are just trying to stay healthy. No creepy people ogling you (which you may be looking for) and no rude gym bunnies laughing at you in your leotard on the treadmill....but really....you shouldn't have the leotard and hot pink leg warmers on anyway...it is 2010.  But hey  tangible) and the one thing I hated at all of them were the fact that they were always busy with people who seemed to have an intimidating aura.  This place isnt like that.  It is quite big and has pretty decent equipment.  I usually go workout with my trainer (Jesse) around 530 and we always are able to workout with no waiting for having to share machines.  They have a lane pool  especially if you're tired of the ""mainstream"" gyms or just want a better overall gym experience.  Plus they have a Cold Plunge which is getting harder and harder to find in a gym nowadays.  These people actually KNOW what they are doing and what muscle building and muscle building recovery is all about.  For my money  and classes.  Wish there were a few more yoga classes or classes geared to those of us that are out of shape/beginners I signed up with this gym about a week ago and I'm very happy with it. They have all the equipment you need and I have never had to wait to find a machine to get started on my workout. They have validated parking and the people here are always very friendly and ready to help. I plan to be a regular here. "I came into Phoenix on business and needed a gym and I'm glad I stopped into CPSAC.  This is  honestly one of the cleanest gyms I have ever been in  and the equipment is current and in good working order.  This place is fully stocked for just about any kind of workout you could ever need.  It even has a lap pool  I'm guessing because its pretty hidden so not too many people know of this place.The only negatives was that you have to park in a garage and walk over to the building which can be a hassle looking for an empty spot but they do validate parking at the gym! Also there was only one bench press station which can be an issue for some people. The biggest reason I didn't join was because its pretty pricey Buyer beware. The contract which seems like it's not one is worded in such a way that if you want to quit this pricey and dated spot you must do so in an exact manner. If you don't quit the right way they are very aggressive and unprofessional in collecting and aren't willing to work with you on a resolution. "Vitality rocks.  I've been working with Melissa for a few months and have already seen results.  I had a great nutrition session with Jen.  My wife also does personal training there Vitality also offers nutrition and massage -- which we both plan on checking out!  The owner is delightful and easy to work with. If you have any questions or concerns about your costs or the way you are being treated Go check Vitality out.  You'll be happy you did." David has the best personal and group training sessions I have ever been in.  He customizes the training to address your bodies individual problem area and enhance your body's best feature to sculpt the perfect body.  Check him out at Vitality Fitness Melissa is an exceptional trainer.  10 pounds down in a little more than 4 weeks and I couldn't be more motivated to keep going.  It's not just about working out but working on nutrition and my overall well-being.  I absolutely love it. Vitality is an awesome small gym in Central Phx that offers personal and group training.  I have been training here for many years with Melissa and never get bored with the work outs.  I never realized how challenging a 30 minute session could be until I started coming here!   Ask for Melissa- she's a great trainer who will encourage and support you while achieving your personal health goals.  I have been training with Melissa for 6 years and particularly appreciate her willingness to customize my workout to my level and goals (strength and balance). She is always prepared and engaged. She also has a great sense of humor. In fact all the staff at Vitality are both focused and fun. Try it I am 76 years old and have been at Vitality for the past 2 years.  Before I started I had trouble with balance and was told by my physician to do core body exercises.  I first tried a local gym and then decided to get a personal trainer.  A fellow I know looked so great for his age and told me about Vitality and that's when I started to exercise vigorously three times a week.  Much of what I did was to strengthen my core.  After about 8 months my balance problem started to disappear and I have had no problems for well over a year.  I sleep better and am much stronger than any of my friends.  It has made a great difference and I plan to continue.  You can't go wrong with having a personal trainer and the folks at Vitality are all excellent.  Staying health takes a commitment and that is mutual between you and your trainer.  You can't go wrong with this small and personal gym. This is a great gym.  I have been working out with Jeff Song for the past 3 years and he has done a great job for me.  He got me prepared for a hike across Northern England which covered over 200 miles over 15 days .If  it  wasn't for him and my biweekly workouts I'd probably still be hiking 6 months later.  I'm 72 years old and feel great in large part because of my workouts at  Vitality. "David at Vitality Health and Fitness truly rocks! Every time I am on business trip in Phoenix  I make a point to train with him. If your looking for a heart pumping  and easy to get to.  I wish there was a basketball gym.    They need to update a lot of their equipment." nice Gym... you can always get on some sort of cardio machine no matter what time of day that you go.  there is a pool and the monthly rate is not too terrible... i find the staff helpful and the place clean.  they could change some of their weight stuff but all and all not a bad place... and they even have a pool!  over the course of a few days I did see new equipment being brought in  they suffer from the after work crowd.  And sometimes in the crazy days of January and February parking (even with the large lot) can be impossible - I've turned around and gone home on a few ocassions.  But if you avoid those times  and the first thing I noticed was that the foot pads had major dirt and grime buildup... yuck. Made me wonder the last time someone went through there with a little 409. The shower and locker room facilities were ridiculously dated  let's be honest here. I never really was a gym person. I guess as you get older and stop playing sports  but I can't resist because of the cardio classes I love so much. ARRRRGH. It just sucks squirrel nuts that I have to show up AT LEAST an hour before class just to get a spot!" Bottom line:  If you're looking for a decent place to work out The only reason I keep coming back is because its open when I need it to be."  everything you need and usually no wait for machines. The staff is super nice and there are magazines to read while your there. If they could just turn up the AC a little bit and put ESPN on more than two of the TVs." although the skinny hispanic guy that looks like he thinks hip hop is super cool thats there in pre-6am hours is fabulous. he remembers your name  I don't see what all the horrible reviews are about. I switched here from LA Fitness and am so much happier. I never received the high pressure sales tactics for memberships or trainers that I did at LA Fitness. I like the layout and it's not overcrowded. Seriously  this one could use some updates and a bit more friendliness." so many to choose from. The pool is very nice and i have even taken the water aerobics class. It is fun even with the older folks.  The instructors never push you more than you should do. There are locations everywhere  but things are only getting worse at this juncture." I feel like I've entered an 80s gym!  Once you've been to a brand new 24 Hour location its had to visit one of their old locations.  This location is somewhat close to my house but I only go if I really want to work out.  Most of the treadmills don't work and a couple of the ellipticals make squeaking noises.  I wish and hope there's some upgrades planned for this location soon. The only positive is the classes. They are always enjoyable and the instructors are great!" Ummm...really? When some gym members have bolt cutters instead of fitness gloves "Too bad there's not an option for no stars. The only thing more atrocious than the fungal smell and lack of working equipment at this gym is the customer service. Today I cancelled my entire family's membership because I've had enough. After touring three other local gyms - I'm willing to pay the extra money to switch to one that gives a crap about its customers. Having had my membership for 11 years it's a sad move Thank you 24 hour fitness for helping me get fit! I could not be happier with the wonderful teachers and friendly staff. Taking my yoga skills to the next level thanks to instructors Brijet and Dave. Namaste!  it was a Saturday afternoon.. The second time I was given a phone number to call after 3 tries and 20plus minutes of holding I tried going back in again. The third time I tried the front desk guy said ""Just go work out and afterwards you can cancel"" An 45 minutes later... ""Oh sorry the manager stepped out you can come back later today if you want to cancel."" This place could not be more poorly run. Other then the convenient location and hours there is not much else positive to say about this gym. I would never recommend this gym to anyone." I absolutelyyyyyyyyyyyy love this place :) friendly staff and amazing trainers. I am considering driving the 15 min extra and going to the Dobson Rd location until my membership runs out." Can I give it no stars? Worst gym. Cardio equipment is old and usually broken. Everything usually broken. Staff sucks. Center caps from my wheels were stolen from the crappy parking lot.  it is gross and broken down.  There is always broken equipment.  You may have to hop machines a few times just to find one that functions.  They stopped giving you a towel so no one wipes down the equipment...ewww!  They never have paper towels or sanitizer in a place that is full of bodily fluids...ewwww again!  I remember the good old days back when it was ""the Q"" club...clean and fresh.  Can't someone please buy these exercise slumlords out and bring back the good old days!!!"  usually cardio. The place is very dirty and smelly. The AC never seems to be working. The front desk staff are usually to busy being on their cell phones or talking to other staff to acknowledge you.  I'm considering driving to 43 ave and bell. That is a nice one!"  you can tell the bottom line is the only thing he cares about.  I lost everything plus a $100 bill which was my b-day money and I've spent over a few grand for membership.  I did receive a refund for 3 months but still REALLY!  'Well you shouldn't leave stuff in the locker.  These people go to gym to gym.  We have signs that tell you not to leave items in the lockers""...ummm it was locked and I've been going here for over four years and have never had an issue until now. If you are having robberies  its not too bright as all the other 24 Hr Fitness I've been to. The locker room is big and spacious. They even have a cross-fit-ish area at the entrance with huge truck tires. Good location too on Camelback and 32nd."  if it wasn't for Mickey's Thursday night yoga class I'm not sure I'd make the effort to come to this location."  the staff is very nice and I get the workout I need so I'll be sticking with it for a while."  Brandon & RyRy are the fantastic!  I recently moved back to Phoenix from San Diego and even though I have been doing Zumba for a few years  and doesn't have a strange odor. It definitely does the job for what I need. Though its a little far for my taste  I've lost 10 pounds and am so much more toned.  My workouts are never the same.  I feel better than I have in a long time and I actually enjoy working out now!" "First time at this 24. This place is falling apart. The steam room smells like piss. The sauna is dark and creepy with the boards in the ceiling falling out. Doesn't seem like it's been cleaned or anyone's given a sh*t about  this gym in a while. For shame 24 hour fitness. Also. In California this would be considered a super sport  from those at the front desk to trainers and managers. I had an interesting experience that illustrates the caliber of those at the facility -- those who work there and those who work out. I accidentally left my tablet on one of the machines when I finished my workout.  I immediately called when I got home and the tablet was where I had left it. I doubt if this would have been the situation at any other sports club!"  and I am excited to shop for a wedding dress now! Thanks Andrew F. and 24 Hr fitness :)"  I just let the front desk know and they are very helpful.  I used to see so many ""out of order"" signs on the cardio equipment and I'm seeing less and less nowadays.  The bathrooms leave something to be desired.  There have been long-standing issues with backed up sinks and broken toilets in the women's restroom.  I've had my locker broken in to twice (once in Oct 2011 and once in May 2013) so now I just change at work and keep my bag with me rather than leaving it in a locker.  Management is aware of the theft problems  & everything else it could be cleaner.  Its in a very nice area of Phoenix so I'd expect the expectations to be a bit higher. The place for the most part seemed clean but they could've done better. The day I went was stuffy and warm  locker rooms are in a sever need of a remodel from 1986. Equipment is old and there are always 5-7 machines broke. Seriously What a cluster and a fiasco to get I to a class...people have old passes and different passes which mess up the number of people for the class. 3 of is tried to go to cycle class and didn't get a bike even with a pass and our name on the list. This is the worst location in the valley. I drove 10 mikes to get here...thanks for nothing you guys! I'm sticking to scottsdale. Just wish they had more options for cycle...  but unfortunately the facility ins constantly deteriorating at a faster rate than its being fixed.  With the constant new members  and the trainer Ryan is really helpful. I like that there's kids care for me and my husband. I like the classes for I sure would not wish to do any type of floor training on it" 2 fitness rooms for various courses. Not something I see much in California. This is a 2 story fitness center. Lower levels house the care center This review is for one of the trainers Ian S. I have been working with him once a week for a few months. I was nervous about having a trainer since I was still recovering from ACL surgery last year but Ian is very knowledgeable about sports injuries and has really accelerated my recovery process. His workouts are challenging and effective and he has really helped me tone up and increase my overall fitness level. Highly recommend!  encouragement and the appropriate amount of pushing me to the next level. Every session is different. One of the most important parts of training is to constantly improve and have fun doing it. That is certainly the case with Brian. I highly recommend this gym and Brian." 24 hr on camelback...equipment in very poor condition...rarely repaired...not worth it if u have a choice!  and of course no towel service.  The cardio equipment is old and most of the machines stick since the belts need replacing.  But I did sign up through Costco and it was cheap I love the 32nd street 24 hour fitness better than any other one I've been to because they have Rick Renzi as a personal trainer. This guy is hands down the best personal trainer out there!!! I've had a ton of personal trainers and fitness plans in my life but he's the guy that gives me the best results!  If you are here or in the area talk to him! He will take care of your fitness needs! I got passion in my pants and I ain't afraid to show it  but I'm happy at 24-Hour Fitness. Why mess with success?  I get my memberships renewed at Costco for $349.99 for two years.  I see my cousins as often as I want by planning a meeting Hated losing that four hundred dollars.   This life I guess  Probably the oldest 24 I've seen.  Still had the teal lining from years ago.  Walking into the men's locker room the sign is in neon red like in the 80s. The equipment is outdated but do have a few machines that I really like that never have used before.  The benches have a short support so it's kinda of weird reracking hoping it doesn't fall back down on you Very poorly maintained. In no way is this equipment state of the art...as claimed.  It's clear the BBB should reconsider!  Employees are late opening...really...it's a mess.  especially the membership advisers. Tell your friends to avoid them too. Just work out and then walk right by them." The most ratchet gym I have ever been too. Old and rusty machines. Dated interior. Not sure why people even come here  minimal variety of group exercise instructors. Bring ear plugs for the cycle class ( and I like loud music)!! No towels provided in the gym." The gym itself is pretty busy when I go and everyone is friendly. I always have a great workout."  showed us all of the personal trainer bios and made us feel great about our decision. It's because of him that we committed immediately. Unlimited child care  ask the question why you pay so much and on top of that have billing process regarding freezing at  24 Hour Fitness.  So they have my billing info so they start it back up with out even giving me the option  we checked out Planet Fitness and it is less than half the price with no contract and an awesome facility. That is where I am going!"  organized very well and generally friendly atmosphere. Les the general manager and the rest of the  staff at this location should be commended."  and it's clear it isn't cleaned very often. Kinda disgusting. And what's with the employee up front who is 100 pounds overweight? This is a health club to please corporate.   This location could care less about the health of their members."  etc. Pleasant surprise! It's a shame they'll be exiting the AZ market and that I'll be transitioned to LA Fitness." Spinning.  Hardcore.  That about sums it up.  Give it a try if you want a workout that will totally kick your ass and leave you crying. This place might well be cited for disturbing the peace. On week-end mornings one can often hear the throbbing bass beat inside of other nearby businesses and even out in the parking lot.  The ambience reminds me of a low-rider with one of those souped-up stereos that you can feel coming down the road long before you can hear it. Seems like I've been front and center at punk rock shows that had less prominent bass lines than this place has on Sunday mornings.  but you really are missing out! If you like working out in a group without feeling like everyone is staring at you this is perfect because it's dark (with the exception of the occasional black light). Spinning at 360 is group exercise but like yoga it is individual with a sense of group support. It is drop saddle style This is active meditation; a totally elating Wow!!! I just took a spinning class from Ty and it was great! I had a knee replacement 10 years ago and have not been able to run since. I have done other cardio workouts but nothing compared to running. This class gave me that 'runner's high' I so enjoy. Ty is a sweetheart and very motivating. She uses a terrific mix of music too. As I tell my friends about Spin -- it's the one workout where you simply can't let yourself 'give up'....because once you clip your shoes in I'll finish out my month of Yoga classes next week and instead of signing up for another month... I'll find a different studio." I dont see how anyone can say a bad thing about this place I really appreciated the fact that Studio took my comments to heart.  This instructor was also slightly more fast paced  your legs moving and your heart beat way up. The yoga is in a separate part of the building and is very small space."  this is more PHYSICAL than I realized I could do.  The classes in the A.M. have the same poses and flows daily but it does NOT make it easier.  It increases my heart rate and has me pouring in sweat and sore the next day but it's not too much that it should scare off any other newbies like myself.  I'm absolutely addicted and really dig the instructors.  I will say I liked the studio the first week I went prior to the new decorating. Although the mural in the studio is lovely it just had a very modern and clean feeling before. I also liked it without the curtains.  Either way 6. It is fun and you'll be glad you came." I've been coming here for more than a year and would recommend it to anyone!"  I did my first class with at beginner and she was fine.  Just make sure you tell the front desk person that you are new and they will take great care of you!"  both types of classes are really reasonably priced compared to other local studios - not easy to find."  but most of them are if you are ready to work hard and have fun.  The instructors take song requests which I think is great because it motivates you to go to class if you know your request will be played and it makes the class even more enjoyable when you're jamming out.  I've been to other spin classes and have found nothing like Studio 360.  They ride drop saddle so there are is no sitting down on your seat except between songs for water breaks.  I've looked around at other fitness studios and this place offers the lowest rates for a great class.  Highly recommend." Thank you Studio 360." Best spin class I've ever taken. Been going here 3 years now and it just gets better!  but that's to be expected so it's really not a downside after all. I am a cheerleader for Spin 360. I back it."  it was the most fun I've had doing a workout. =)  Good job!"  but it is!  The music was really good and I had a lot of fun. The only thing I like better at corebalance was that you can wear your own tennis shoes and don't need to pay for special shoes."  that segment of the business ended a few months ago."  especially for a newbie but the instructor was good and it was a dark ride so I did not feel as awkward being new.  Every so often black lights turn on as the instructor amps the class up which is a fun touch.  The music is pretty decent as well.  I definitely got a workout in that is for sure.  The only thing I wasn't as much of a fan of was the fact that you have to clip in to the bikes.  They have shoes there for you to wear which is fine Spin cycling to great music with cool instructors in total darkness is awesome."  reliable (I've been to health clubs where the instructors don't always show up..not the case here!) Such a fun spinning class! I love how they keep the room dark and have the fans going during class. Also for someone who is 5 11 it's nice taking a class where the handle bars raise up high to protect your back during the workout! Will for sure be back next time I am in town!  instructor did not help the new students which is important when the spin class is NOT typical (I.e. standing the whole time She insulted me more than once and was mad when I didn't want to buy a $80 package instead of the $5 first ride. I don't care if there is a great deal Everyone is super encouraging and I will for sure be back - There was no instructor-led stretching at the end (vital!)"  they'd found my name. This time was just a few months later. This woman treated me like a grifter.  Said she'd 'do me a favor' and let me take the class this time but my fiance' would have to pay.  She continued to challenge me and I was ready to walk out.  I only stayed because again the instructor intervened but I will not be going back." Update: the owner contacted me to personally remedy my situation. She was beyond apologetic and eager to make things right which is exactly the kind of customer service a business should have. Changing my star rating.  and it would seem to me that pushing the hardest gear possible contradicts that philosophy.  There are plenty of other classes to take if that is what you prefer." Love the gym.. BUT heres the dealio.. dont just sell me a membership.. I still dont know where everything is.. heres why.. The staff NEVER .. nope.. NOT EVAH.. gave me a tour.. I had to ask another fitness girl where the ladies locker room was!.. Some of the ellipticals need replacing.. But the gym is cool.. So.. theres at least a 3.. staff.. hmmmm.. (no comment!) Nice gym the workout area is clean. Although not sure if I would use the sauna or the pool. For the money and the casual workout you can't beat this value. The Saturday yoga class with Patricia is the bomb though!!!!!" "I visited this location for the first time last week. It's cramped because its ""under construction"". Go to the PV Mall location its much better." "This location is being completely remodeled and should be amazing when finished in late July.  If they added WiFi and filters on the water fountains Awesome gym..best la fitness i have been to...they really remodeled it nice with all new cardio machines in the old la fitness & added onto it with free weights and more by adding additional sq ft..it you came here before..u really need to check it out now..much much nicer.  Only wish they were open past 8 on saturdays and sundays..they close at 10 on fridays which isnt so bad..and 12 on the other days. "Nice new equipment. Not a bunch of arrogant Scottsdale punks like at the Hayden/Indian Bend location. And better music at this location than there. Plenty of equipment even when crowded. Members are cordial. Love it. Glad I don't need a trainer though Major Upgrade to this gym! Why can't the other locations be like this?"  pretty packed might have some wait times for your equipment of choice." Parking can be a little rough during the crowded hours Facility (excluding the ""teen dreams"") - 4-5 stars"  I'd be happy to take it to court and get my money back for the months of them billing me after I initially tried closing the account. Found out later  avoid it like the plague and do not waste your money here.  If you have no other alternatives just please avoid their child care services..."  pretty much most everyone else you are putting your own safety at risk  The GM prides himself on telling people if they don't like something they just have the option to go somewhere else.  Not to bag on everyone there  I purposely worked with the manager when purchasing my membership to avoid such instances."  but this location suffers from the same problem that all LA Fitnesses tend to suffer from; way too many people.  I workout in the afternoon.  Around 3:00.  The weight training area is always slammed.  I don't even want to image what this place looks like from 5:00 to 7:00."  lots of equipment and good choice of classes."  or find an elliptical machine. The prices are super reasonable and the equipment is in good working order. They also offer tons of classes from Zumba to yoga. If you're looking to join a gym "Sometimes I feel like I'm here more than I'm at home so it surprised me that I hadn't actually reviewed this place yet.  It's one of the bigger LA Fitness gyms I've been to so even when it's busiest I don't typically have to wait too long (if at all) for anything.  There's a huge cardio room when you first walk in and then the weight training is a separate area down a hallway.  Everything is kept pretty clean and if something is broken the staff is good about fixing it pretty quickly.  The staff at the front desk varies  only 3 lanes and hot water. After only a few lengths and I'm sweating.  This morning the chemicals were so strong that it burned to breathe and so I had to get out.  Then on to the locker room where  then this is your place.  As for me I really hope to find a gym that is not like this." But now I'm done and free of that headache of a gym." Customer service could be better.  I don't expect everyone to remember my name but a simple head nod acknowledging my existence would be nice." I tried to do zero Stars but it wouldn't let me." It is now July 14th and I still have not seen a penny back of the past three months I have been overcharged. My whole family and many of my friends attend this gym and I will be sure to tell them about this experience because clearly the staff here cares only about if they are getting their money and nothing else. As soon as my contract is up I will look into personal training somewhere else and so will everyone in my family."  and the trainers don't care much because LA Fitness doesn't pay the trainers what they are worth.  The parking lot can get really crowded The sales reps they call personal trainers are pushy and rude. I was told by corporate they are able to sell individual training courses but according to the folks here they can only do the one year training membership...stop lying to your customers!!" Apparently this location goes by it's own rules which is it's downfall. I'm more than happy to drive to a further location than to go to this pos gym." Staff could be nicer and a tad bit just a tad bit more welcoming and helpful! It's not as packed as it I'm the evening if you come early am. Just get your workout done. Ladies locker room I like! "What a great gym! I was with 24 hour for the longest time. Thank goodness I made the switch. It is so clean in here. It's also the biggest one around since it's so new. The staff is very friendly and not overly pushy about sales. Of course they're gonna try. That's their job. They offer great classes This is a pretty good fitness center. The hours are good and the facility is clean. Much of the exercise/weight equipment machines are older generation with some not very modern at all. This club is however one of the better than average fitness outfits in Phoneix. I do enjoy going here.  he smiles and says he's the manager. My husband says he needs to give us the number for whoever is in charge of him and he resists giving us any info to contact his boss. Finally he handed us a phone number and we filed an official complaint. Unfortunately we live near Anthem and there aren't any other locations close to us or we would have relocated." This location is fine. It has what I need for lifting  just to name a few) are outdated compared to the previous LA Fitness that I came from. There's a lot of classes from yoga to cycling that this gym offers so finding a class shouldn't be difficult. Most people playing on the basketball court seem to think that they're play for the NBA championship and most patrons don't wipe down the equipment/machines after they're done. There's the many typical gym stereotypes to you find at any gym  therefore it is always crowded but never had any issues with getting on the machines I needed to use. I have not had issues with the gym at all. No issues with getting onto the machines Back to the gym the spin class is the best. Try Nick class 5:30am mon-tue"  plus there needs to be more air flow in the weight area.  All the elliptical machines need to be updated. The tv's do not work all the time and the volume needs to be checked out."  until I can go to greener pastures."  who I assume was his boss pulled him over and yelled at him about his sales quota...in front of me! I was horrified that someone would direct their employees in such a manner especially I'm front of potential customers and on the floor!!! That broad needs a reality check!"  this location seems to be the best they have to offer aside from the foolish hours of operation!" Avoid this place like the plague... and also know that YELP does in fact work with companies you review if the company has some clout and complains about a specific review.  Yelp will modify I understand contracts. I understand cancellation  policies. Long story short they didn't receive my mailed cancelation notice ( they wouldn't let me cancel in office for some reason that day). That's my fault I should not rely on someone else to do their job. So I canceled at the moon valley location in person. Plus I cancelled my credit card but they have some agreement with capital one that allowed them to access my new account ??!!  so I continued to pay for kids club/daycare  while I was not a member. The club is overpriced unless you need a pool or want  to pay too much for one on one training. Try fitness1 at 7th street and union hills. I pay yearly and including daycare/group fitness it is around $15 a month.  The more you pay for the gym isn't going to get you more in shape. As always LA fitness guys won't let you cancel it with the usual manager not there story. The girl in the front desk(jan 2nd 8:10 pm duty girl) is so rude. "After they refunded my over charges I feel like I should update my review to reflect their follow through. My main problem was with the billing so as far as a gym it's good points are multiple locations "Tell everyone you know.......do not EVER join LA Fitness because they will not let you quit. We have been trying to quit for 3 weeks and it is not possible. They are a bunch of liars. First And if you have the chance to take Patricia's yoga class Avoid this Gym if you take your kids there. They are not Safe!!!" It is incredibly disheartening to learn that they care so little for their members after  a $2000 financial investment  of personal training."  it's a mile further from me than this one but the staff are more attentive to their customers." I'll NEVER come back."  cheat and steal to get you to sign a contract. They then lie about being able to end the contract and even lie about the fact that there actually is no contract! They did this to a disabled combat veteran and now refuse to even speak to us. We came in and said that we didn't want to sign a contract due to the individual's injuries involved but wanted to attempt a fitness regimen until unable to continue. We were told that we HAD to sign a contract and the only way to cancel it would be to contact corporate. We called multiple times to cancel the supposed contract and were told it was too difficult but after a year the contract would expire. The membership was used only a handful of times before the individual's injuries left them unable to continue. A year passed and the individual was still charged continuously. After communication with this location It is helpful for them to care your child." Yoga class at 5:45PM on Friday evenings is great!  Donatella is an awesome instructor.  You will leave feeling like you just had a great workout! So many other options for gyms or places to just do drop in classes for $5. Thinking of saying bye to this place. Get good class teachers and keep them and get your class equipment working." I explained to him that my wife and I are shopping for gyms and he suggested I get a membership or pay $15 to workout there for ONE day. My friend showed up and told them he had been a member for 2 years and that my wife and I were considering getting memberships. The trainer came to tell me that ""this is a business."" Awesome ""business"" move turning down someone that can potentially bring in two new memberships. I will NEVER be a member after I see how your treat potential customers...so petty. AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE. Thanks for making my gym selection easier."  and super-sets are out of the question. Unless you're a cardio bunny you'll be fine; treadmills and ellipticals are always open."  it's closest location to my work so that is why I go here. There are better cleaner LAs out there." "" I had a free pass at the front desk."" The General Manager asked to hear the message and to see texts they were sending me to buy a potential membership. The General Manager has no professionalism and is clearly not qualified in being a good manager. Stay away from here they use underhanded techniques to get people to become members." "My step/sculpt instructor told us this morning that we were making her sad because we didn't count down the reps loud enough. I thought it was her job to get us psyched up Idk about the other reviews but I like this club compared to the other fitness clubs. My son who is less than 3 years old looks forward to the child care center they offer for only $15 a month. Everyone there pretty much minds they're own business and that's what people should expect going into a gym. All-in-all I like club. I was for the not happy with that experience."  not all the treadmills work and they don't have built in fans I've been a member of this gym for years and no  matter how many times I asked they will not bring in enough 45 pound plates.  it's like going on an Easter egg hunt just to find a few plates to do a workout  for whatever reason it's not the easiest thing to get out of. Once I got passed that part Wasn't a problem the day before. I'm a new member and forgot my key fob. Girls up front are a joke."  just don't go Monday morning. The clubs usually open until midnight so that's awesome." It's not fancy and there's no pizza here but it's a great value if you just like to workout!"  but I have enjoyed my experience at this particular LA fitness. Staff are friendly and helpful with signing up. I did a personal training session with R.D. Who was excellent. He is highly motivating and encouraging  that does not help when the place becomes over run with peeps. Then none of the equipment is available and being there is completely unproductive. Underhanded sales techniques are also quite obnoxious. My membership is now expiring. I will be going elsewhere. There are multiple other options in this area."  overpriced and can definitely be packed to the point where parking is a hassle and waiting to use certain equipment when needed." Only downfall is that I wish there were better ways for us to clean the machines. I  sweat like a waterfall and I try to do my best to clean b4 and after but It never feels clean because the paper towel drys so quick." "I have been a member at this particular location for almost 10 years but I'm getting very irritated by their staff and I'm about to leave. The front desk girls are beyond rude. I hate dealing with them. Sales people and managers.....oh god  definitely will never recommend that Gym to family or friends 