 you can actually check your trains' on-time record using the website.  You can see which trains have good on-time records and which don't (and believe my husband when he says it varies from route to route).  You should also ALWAYS call Amtrak's number 1-800-USA-RAIL before you head out to the train station to check whether or not it will be on time."  there's just a dumpy little room with some rows of seating and an Amtrak desk.  Given that only two Amtrak lines serve the station One thing I was grateful for:  the full diner car on the train.  A breakfast of real French Toast and coffee  I'd definitely suggest taking the train instead of flying." Not the friendliest customer service.  Prices okay.  Look for deals on their website.  because I spent most of the time looking out the window at the scenery.  It's a series of wonderful views between Greensburg and Harrisburg." "When times are tough and you really don't want to be spending $50 on a tank of gas.  This is one of your better options.  I've taken the train several times and I have to say it was a nice experience.  For half of what I would have paid to fill my tank up with gas I was able to get a round trip ticket to the Johnstown station and back.  The regular seats are good enough for me.  It's comfortable  the schedule worked in our favor this time.  Supervisor Susan and three of her team members had to take a one-day business trip to Altoona.  Our company car was already spoken for p.s. The free wifi and coffee from the cafe car make the trip even more enjoyable!"  and our train came on time which is really the most important thing!"  the majority of my experiences with Amtrak have been good ones  and a TV (usually tuned to CNN).  I recommend getting there 15-20 min. prior to departure time--just enough time to comfortably catch your train without becoming bored. However The only reason why i give this station 1 star is because the train itself was quite comfortable and clean." Small simple train station. No Red Caps to help customers is a big downer.  Traffic getting out is horrendous also. Train was delayed by 4 hours but did not update until 30 minutes before arrival. This continued for the total of 4 hours. There is no Wifi and only two outlets. I decided to take the train because of the speed and comfort of walking around during my journey. The cons outweighed the pros. It would have probably been better to take the Mega Bus. The Washington DC train is on a performance standard which means it is constantly being checked for efficiency in time. Right now it is at 30% :(. Not good at all.  in no way compares to the DC-Union Station connection.  Thus station needs more amenities and a makeover to compete with the DC one!"  ticketing booths and assisting passengers on an off the Amtrak trains. I give these very pleasant and hard-working people a 5+ rating. They help you with getting your luggage on and off the train. They re there to put your luggage on a baggage cart so you do not have to haul it up or down an escalator or try to muscle it onto the single On its own merit (especially if your stay is brief) PGH is a fine-enough Amtrak-specific station with a decent train shed. While there isn't much to particularly like  no indigent peoples tried to talk to me or make friends on either train.  I think I will use the amtrak again!  Way less stressful than driving in the city  it seems to get delayed. Once it was delayed FOUR hours. I was not happy."  well..except wish I had invested in a good pair of noise-canceling headphones. More fun was had when we had to stop at ghost towns despite the fact we had no passengers for those stops simply because Amtrak told the bus driver to. The bus took over four hours. Amtrak needs to get its act together and I need to get a car."  but when it ends up taking more than 30 hours and involves a 4 hour white knuckle bus ride through a blizzard in the mountains in the middle of the trip... yeah... not cool." Moral of the story:  Don't waste your time looking at Amtrak as an alternative to driving.  Even if you have a vehicle large enough comfortably sleep 6  and hassle-free railway. I don't have to sit on a cramped bus next to a McDonalds eating elementary school kid or endure six hour delays on a crappy train to get to places like Oslo and Copenhagen. I'm bragging now  whereas Amtrak is $13 each way if you book far enough in advance. As long as the football game is at 2 PM or later  arriving downtown Chicago at 10:45pm. Departs from Chicago on Saturday/Sunday morning at 8:15am. A night to never remember." No WiFi? No me gusta. I was definitely disappointed there. The dining car was too overpriced to even consider  so there's no concern about getting lost. And if you start to get frustrated because your train is delayed last time i took Amtrak anywhere it was to Chicago from Champaign.  The train broke down about half way there and we were stranded out in the middle of nowhere for about 3 hours.  btw we didnt get any kind of refund or compensation for time lost or inconvenience.  then to Champaign via Chicago. The crew on the trains were always very pleasant and eager to please.  The food in the diner car was outstanding.  The trains were usually early into the stations except for a half hour delay leaving Chicago due to a weather delayed connecting train Recommendation: bring some odor eliminating plug ins or something" The train itself is really nice and clean. Pick a nice smelling passenger to sit with and you'll be fine. My only bad experience was this creepy old guy who kept talking on the phone then fell asleep on me. Ughhh. They have a cafe with tables in the back of the train that sells lots of food like donuts Train arrived over an hour late :(. There was a freight train in front of us for more than half the trip..... "This station is one of the better ones I've been to. I frequently make the journey from Carbondale to Chicago "One job and they have never been on time....ever. How can that be? I'm certain that positions are filled by advertising ""need not apply if competent."" Time to reevaluate your business model."  they call out the bus information. Very helpful for passengers. My Peoria Charter was running a tad bit late so I went inside to investigate. There are multiple counters "Expect your train to be 20 minutes late. The staff is super friendly and helpful. Also since it's attached to the bus terminal 