 he even gave me a free tour of a few neighborhoods in the city."  easygoing careless customer service at many PGH businesses. These guys are different: professional "Great customer service.  I was in Pittsburgh for business and needed a car to get back to the airport.  I found these guys on Yelp "Ditto everyone else. I had out of towners needing to get to the airport but I had a last minute work conflict and couldn't drive them. I was nervous about using one of the standard cab companies because their track record of actually showing up isn't great. I called these guys the night before an 8am pick-up and everything went smoothly. Dave even checked on their flight for us to make sure it was on time given bad weather. If you're planning on getting a cab to the airport  I decided to try this service to pick up my 83 year old mother and take her to the airport. Service was great. Driver was very courteous and on time. We used them to pick her up at the airport and are equally happy. The driver even carried her suitcases upstairs to her apartment." We always use First Class Limo for flights too early to take the 28X to the airport.  They even have a multi-pickup service for early flights if you are not in time for a regular reservation. My husband initially went to the wrong meeting place (on account of his sleep deprivation :) so the company called me asap when he didn't show up right away--I reminded hubby about the correct meeting spot and all went well after that. He was very happy with the service and the price. I'd definitely use this company again for rides to and from the airport! Thanks everyone!"  a near death experience and just an overall sense of frustration mixed with panic then go with these guys. Otherwise  professional and kind. Great reservation service and very fair price. Do yourself a favor-skip the cab and call this car service. Reliable  and I hope that people will consider this company when hiring a vehicle."  or none.  And I found that it's safer to take a bus in the snow  it's a transit system.  It's job is to get you from point A to point B and PAT does reasonably well at it.  I ride the 61A or the 61B (whichever comes first) to work.  My husband and I also use it when going to the Pirates or Penguins games or to the theater.  It's cheaper than gas and parking."  the unions need to stop strangling the cash out of the Port Authority. I mean seriously......bus drivers making 90k a year? Something is wrong with that."  which are pretty cool if not old."  $75 for a Zone 1 pass is a LOT of money when you're paid minimum wage--which I'm sure is the case for many passengers."  and MTS 992 bus in San Diego.  what i like about it is that its got its own busway...which makes a lot of sense when there's so much traffic.  and it links you up to all the major areas in the city."  a pretty good system."  I've found the buses to be dependable and convenient. Pittsburgh has punishingly complex topography- it's full of craggy valleys  and the state and county's perennial budget problems have caused several funding crises in recent years." Learn from the CTA. I have a new appreciation for Chicago Transit Authority."  etc... its not going to run as efficiently as areas that are built on a grid system that makes logical sense - its more difficult to get around everything. Gotta give them some slack!! and The bus drivers have always been great too!" Fares keep going up. Another service cut this month. I think I'd rather walk to work in the middle of the night! 2.  Bus drivers could adjust their driving speeds to avoid bunching." But my absolutely best memory of the Port Authority has to be my first day back in Pittsburgh in 2006. I had decided to skip staying in the dorms and opted to go even cheaper by renting an apartment nearby. I had just arrived and was getting to know my roommates. We went for a walk around campus and ended up somewhere just NW of the school. It started to downpour and as we were scurrying for cover  for saving me from driving."  we live in Pittsburgh.  It's cold or raining or miserable most of the year.  I would gladly take fewer stops in exchange for heated bus shelters.  It would also be nice if these imaginary shelters could have bus arrival information.  Pitt's on the right track with their bus shelters at the Cathedral--take note."  it would take me the exact amount of time to drive in out to work.  So honestly ... I treat PAT like I treat Airplane travel.  I get there when I get there ... as lone as I get there safely the on-time part is something I have learned to stop prioritizing as long as I'm riding a PAT bus.  ((Seriously tho  I'll be hoofing it across the East End instead of buying a bus pass.  It will be cold I don't own a car so it's really my only mode of transportation since we can catch cabs here like in a normal city. I'd be lost without it  my main complaint is that they do not have a designated area for luggage on the 28X bus.  I understand that these buses weren't made to go to the airport P.S. I didnt even want to give it ONE star."  the 28X doesn't pick up passengers coming from downtown into Oakland (or drop them off in the reverse direction.) Very frustrating i visited pittsburg for 3 days and rode the metro      problem is im 74 yrs old the sign say seniors with medicaid card or state id ride free    they would not accept my new york state drivers license this has my birth date on it    person in booth was very rude and also i think he could not read    this left a bad taste for pittsburg    you need fo revise your signs The bus drivers are a miserable bunch I bought a home over 3 and half years ago because it was on a bus line. One  year after they cut that  route after being there over 50 years. I think the way they operate is beyond poor and every year there is a far increase now i have to drive to a park in ride. You never know what you going to intale every day on teh bus. Ive been taking for about 10 years now and i think ive seen everything to the pee smell to no air to no heat to arguements between drivers and riders. If they continue on this path there will be no service to downtown just people who live in the city. They crossed out the suburbs. It should be the port authority of pittsburgh not allegheny county. The only thing is can say is the port authority drivers do a great job putting up with what they got. Oh and did i mention i cant tell you how many times they have broken down. Now they have a federal grant for the connectcard about time. Its only been in new york and dc for years!!! I am sure there will be lots of bugs in this system to  the fare doubled in a decade and the service was cut in half.  The county refuses to fund it.  Getting on and off is confusing.  When to pay is confusing.  The schedules are hard to read.  The service isn't frequent enough.  The subway system only goes to one neighborhood from downtown.  This is horrible and it's one of the main things keeping Pittsburgh from being as great a city as it can be.  Call center people are sometimes rude and mostly unresponsive.  What else?  The buses smell like urine.  Sucks TIP: Download the Tiramisu app for real-time bus tracking. Worked great while I was there I stood outside for waiting for the 71c outbound scheduled to come by around 4:50. At 5:05 I decided to walk into a coffee shop to keep warm since the bus didn't show up until 5:10. I can go on forever..."  reasonable fares and friendly service you will need to go somewhere else.  And no place for children as the language on the buses would make a sailor blush.  And in 14 years of riding Port Authority I have never seen a uniformed Port Authority officer riding a bus."  you have to wait like a whole hour for the next bus to come! They also cut back bus services and lay off all these bus drivers. Pathetic!!!! ALSO MOST OF THE BUS DRIVERS ARE PLAIN RUDE AND COMPLAINING TO PORT AUTHORITY DOES NO GOOD! WHY DO THESE IDIOTS STILL HAVE JOBS IF THEY DON'T KNOW HOW TO TREAT CUSTOMERS? VERY INCONVENIENT! IF I HAD A CAR  I hope this complaint will help injured parties make a case for negligent retention or negligent supervision against the Port Authority." 000 people would be in downtown for the 4th of July.  I wish someone had informed the Port Authority of this.  Maybe then they would have had more than one bus running every 20 minutes after the fireworks.  Every single bus stop in downtown had about 300 people waiting for the already overcrowded buses.  If a bus actually did stop (some were so full  the T (light rail) should be expanded to run east-west along the busways  but can't update their online system for smart phones to be able to determine where a bus is located at? I waited two hours today in the freeZing cold to get to work. Had to call off it was just to cold out!" I wish there was a better transit option in the Pittsburgh area or the infrastrucure of the city (roads  I'm disappointed as a new resident without a car to have discovered Pittsburgh to be such a car-centric city when there are so many ways the Port Authority could be improved and expanded. As I write this I'm half an hour late to work due to a late 28x - if you need to be somewhere  I'm disappointed as a new resident without a car to have discovered Pittsburgh to be such a car-centric city when there are so many ways the Port Authority could be improved and expanded. As I write this I'm fifteen minutes late to work due to a late 28x - if you need to be somewhere "The Pittsburgh bus system finally has real time tracking.  Be sure to download one of the apps (PAT Realtime Tracker or Transit)  thanks to it being free.  I wouldn't pay to use the bus.  And speaking of paying It's good if you want to wait 10 hours for a bus or trolley which I had to do all day long it gets worse you can't get wifi connection ether also the bus drivers are sometimes jerks  and we didn't have to hire a bunch of taxi's or Ubers to get around." Big league cities need big league transportation.  Get in the game  then reception and then back to hotel.  The service was outstanding.  Bus was clean and driver was very accomodating.  we left something on bus and he personally delivered it to our hotel!" They get two start because they managed to get us from Point A to Point B without making us fear for our lives." Greyhound is a nightmare!  This is the first time I've ever had to deal with them.  I have always traveled via airline or amtrak so perhaps I was naive going into it.  They charged $21 because I was buying the ticket for someone else.  They also claimed to have all of these wonderful discounts and deals but when it came down to it they were very specific.  If I had the opiton to use another mode of transportation I would have.  Avoid the Dirty Dog if you can!  always pick the black muslim guy with the kufi reading the Koran. They generally are the most courteous and least likely to try to feel you up if you fall asleep However I gave you 2 stars because the new buses are pretty swish. I do love the plug in charger options for phones and the free wifi. If only the free wifi worked more than it didn't." Hope this helped. Good luck in your traveling."  plenty of vending machines and only about six gates. There is a restaurant here but I guess since it's 11pm right now But it was affordable but the schedule was somewhat inconvenient. He made it here and back safely so i guess that is what ultimately matters."  it's okay.  Maybe a little more clearness on where passengers are to exit and where people should come to pick you up is in order but otherwise "I arrived this morning and went straight to the check in desk to inform them that I am disabled and need priority boarding.  I was told to speak to the manager.  She was rude and very cold hearted.  She told me that there was nothing that could be done to help me Don't go greyhound especially Charlotte North Carolina and Atlanta location's they're terrible!!!! The staff at both locations where the hell did they find them. In Atlanta the facility was dirty as hell as well as Charlotte North Carolina. Then upon arrival they knew that they didn't have a driver but the fuckers refused to say anything. I should have been at my destination by 3:05am but I'm still sitting in Charlotte. They gave us a sorry meal voucher for 7.50 and they two bad attitude having women in the caf Tanya and the one with the terrible blond wig had attitudes and wanted to serve us old food. That's not how you treat people. If you can help it find another option because greyhound is such a let down. Waited on Rob to come in the office that didn't happen and he's the manager so maybe that's why. I'm telling you run run run. "Greyhound is ripping it's customers off with their ""gift ticket fee"". Why should anyone have to pay extra when paying for a relatives ticket"  all rude and incompetent. You're job is not at the least bit difficult. I waited 20 mins to get rung up for a water bottle. All workers I interacted with were disrespectful and looked annoyed" It's unfortunate that this is one of the venues that is available for affordable transit in Charlotte. I hope they get a facelift soon." Small station.  Outdated for the volume of traffic handled.     But a nice gentleman volunteer opens the door for you. The Station here in Charlotte is one of the most charming Amtrak stations I have had the pleasure of traveling through. History is what you find awaiting you as soon as you enter. Step back and absorb the true rustic details of character as you transition on to your destination.  the low hassle and freedom on board totally outweighs any of the seediness that comes with this form of low income travel."  but it certainly is functional. I'm sure I will be seeing it again in the future!" Not my favorite Amtrak location.  It's kinda dingy and in a not so nice location.  I will continue to use this station as it's the only one in Charlotte.... but it's nothing to write home about.  I give 3 stars.  Parking is atrocious and the taxi cabs keep you from picking up your passenger in front of the station.  This is a big problem for our seniors!  The station is always clean but when it is crowded I love riding Amtrak and the Charlotte station does their best to make it a good experience."  he was in business class so they gave drinks and they had some food options for him. He liked being able to get up and walk around and having all that freedom...he said he will definitely recommend it! So since it's dad approved...see ya soon  Amtrak!" "Took Amtrak from Durham to Charlotte to see the Panther Saints game. On the return trip we were stopped by a broken down N&S freight train on the single track around High Point. We didn't move for an hour and a half. Several weeks later I took the train to see the Panthers 49ers play.  The return trip was delayed because earlier in the day the train had run over two people in Durham and Greensboro. We were supposed to leave Charlotte at 5:15. By 6:30 they couldn't tell us any status about when the train would arrive. ""Could be 8. Could be 9. It might never show up."" I had to spend the night in Charlotte and catch the next morning's train. On the return we were 15 mins outside of Durham when the train came to a halt. There was a sensor issue that had to be investigated. Never Accessibility notes: Doors open in. Ramps are plentiful. Well-lit. Braille signage. Ticket counters are high." Terrible train. Take a flight if going from Charlotte to raleigh. Drive. Megabus. Whatever.  Staff are totally rude.  No southern hospitality whatsoever.  #government  Amtrak is managing with what they're forced to work with at the moment." "Nice people doing a good job in a really dilapidated facility. The Charlotte station is badly in need of a major renovation. For those of us using Amtrak frequently  and they definitely made the experience better. I just wish that the visuals and the feeling I got from being there were more positive."  but be prepared to mortgage your house to buy one. Pretty positive experience. I honestly don't know enough about trains to tell you if they are more or less prone to delays than airplanes. Thinking about taking the train next time I travel!"  I would not want to leave my car here.  One great thing about this station though is the view of Uptown Charlotte from the platform  there doesn't seem to be a ton of people which is nice. It's a little rundown as people note. Parking is also a frustration. However it does serve its purpose which is to intuitively bring passengers to their destinations." You'll find all the accommodations for the actual train that you would at any Amtrak location Generally substantially slower and noticeably more expensive than badger cab. Not always reliable.  Long wait times.  Friendly cab drivers.  and safety in the hands of someone else for the convenience of getting to or from somewhere without needing to rely on your own car."  he advised me on how to get reimbursed for my cab ride by the car rental company and a good place in town to purchase tires for my car without breaking my budget.  Really nice guy.  Clean car.  Altogether  this time it was a regular ""on demand"" call.  The phone answerer said I may be waiting 5-10 minutes 8vwnU1FlmR88S2NHgR7Neg "This cab company is the best in the city in consistency.  Consistently polite "Environmentally friendly and just plain friendly. The prices are a bit steep  the rudeness and refusal of a short fare for a larger or is completely unacceptable. It will be a long time before I choose to use them again."  they were plenty fine for a casual booze-bender and the amenities (no puke stains or pee smells) made the ride a pretty enjoyable one." Not the cheapest but nice clean cab very clear with costs. "Regularly use union cab to go to the airport (and back). Really reliable  our taxi (#69) left without us because we took over one minute to leave the restaurant. I learned my lesson I got to the Chazen in plenty of time to catch my bus and the service was great. The lady who took me into town was helpful and friendly and knew answers to questions I asked about the local area and the bus stop."  efficient service. Would use again the next time I visit Madison" Union is the cab for me whenever I am in Madison (which on the next trip will be warmer by choice)....."  and it was a blast testing our knowledge. The ride back we had a young cute gentleman take us home. Had a great conversation and experience! The expense maybe more but well worth it. We waited 30 minutes to get to our destination and under 10  efficient service and a nice dispatcher. Low fares also! I was pleased with both cab rides tonight and would recommend use them again. Thanks Union Cab!"   and they were reluctant to give me an  estimated arrival time. I almost missed my flight and will not be taking Union cab again."  you are in for a treat. The driver is a real sweetheart and a great conversationalist. Ask him for advice on which airlines to take and you'll get a lot of good tips and tricks. :)" "I use Union Cab multiple times a month for work. They are timely Had a girls weekend night out and they got us everywhere we needed to go in a timely fashion! The only issue we had was I told them 45 minutes they showed up with 10 minutes. Dispatch was a bit slow  rude. I would still recommend them  which is less than 2 miles away. i called twice to confirm the price and also book the cab. the guy told me it would be less than $15 considering it is only 2 miles away. we get there and the driver tells us it is $10 plus $12 for staying in Verona (pretty much getting an extra fee for not going too far). we told him we weren't informed about the fee so he calls the dispatcher who asks ""are they unable to pay?"" so pretty much We called to confirm price AND went online for estimates. The dispatcher told us it would be less than $15. We got to our destination the clock said 10.50 but they said they had to charge us an additional $12! He blamed it on a new dispatcher. Sorry that is not our problem. We will choose another company next time. I was impressed with the efficiency of their reservation and receipt process and I appreciate the fact that they are a workers cooperative but what matters most to me is that they performed as promised.  I will plan on using them for any future cab needs in Madison" He also gave me a follow-up call to let me know that everything is processed and my package should be delivered on time.  I appreciate all the trouble he went through to help me take care of this problem.  He also let me know that he'd be working with his IT resources to make sure the web site works correctly in the future."  and have never been disappointed. They are super flexible  probably why I prefer them. Your milage may vary (ha). No Andy Kaufman sighting yet  I've learned that cabs in madison much prefer the group rides especially when there is a shortage of cabs.  I was one of 3 passengers and the first to be dropped off "I booked a cab today and we had 1 too many people for the size of the cab. My group offered to split up  because most of taxi companies don't offer that."  and makes some kinda of relateable small talk. And their rates aren't too terrible. It'll be about five to six dollars plus tips  we like the company. There are a few bad apples but not enough for the tree to be chopped down." I won't make the mistake of using Union Cab again. Even if someone else is paying for it  you could probably get a more affordable ride. In the case of Union Cab  corrected me it was 9 minutes. Added that probably will take AT LEAST another 15 minutes to be picked up (total at least 25 minutes wait time). Even added that their cabs are now picking up people who ordered from last night  the operator defended his cabbie and basically accused me of just being angry that I had been passed.  I am not impressed by their lack of concern for safety."  Union's higher rates are definitely worth paying if you need timeliness and efficiency. They're definitely the only cab company I would probably call for a ride to the airport to make a flight. Plus Next time you have an early AM flight in Madison and your hotel shuttle is not available I advise you to use Union Cab."  and we'll definitely use Union Cab again."  many times and that I can't ever recall having a bad experience. That's pretty impressive." It was chaotic as people jostled each other to get on the bus. This reminds me of the movie Titanic where people jostle to get on lifeboats!"  but I'm taking one star off because the Chicago terminal is dirty and haphazard. It also smelled a lot like weed when I got off one night. While there are security guards So observation and working here ya once upon of time they had a hard time with being over book...because of the Internet tickets not cutting off and still saleing even if the bus was canceled..but now since that has changed we just have problems with people not printing their own tickets or being late them selves or messing up making the ticket...then they have a bad experience... Lol I think lot of the drivers are cool and do the best they can and we just go by what's has been given to us A car that had been parked for at least 3 days was still on the street despite city signs for an event. Andy's towed the car within 15 minutes of the call. Super fast service.  Andy! and thank you!" My Nissan 350Z had a flat tire in Champaign and the guys at Andy's helped me out tremendously. They towed my low-riding car with great care and gave me a lift to the local tire shop at a very reasonable price. Won't go anywhere else for my future towing needs.  whether we would get a discount (""we do not give discounts""). Waited for the supposed cab for another 10 minutes and ended up taking our own car (the agent on the phone even said ""if you want guarantees you need to use your own car'!). Have not seen the cab anywhere in the area when was leaving Absolutely one of the worst cab companies imaginable. I cannot believe any business can successfully run like this. I will go out of my way to never use them again."  every person I speak to makes me repeat the entire situation and then tells me to call another person. I finally got the number to who I was told was the General Manager but is actually the Fleet Manager only to get a full voicemail box. Probably filled with similar complaints..." I called another cab company immediately afterwards and had absolutely no problem with them. The dispatcher didn't ask for the library's address (in fact  the cab was clean and the driver was personable. I even lost my phone inside the cab and later that day the nice driver dropped it off.  Hats off to you Yellow Cab" Called a cab about an hour ago and was told 10-20 minutes.  20 minutes ago was told 17 minutes.  Using my cell phone's last remaining battery life to leave this 1 star review. "Another dismal review for this company. I called for a 6 AM pickup to the airport like I had several times previously. Dispatch informed someone would arrive. I waited until 6:10 AM and called again-dispatch then told me another 15 minutes until pickup! I stated that was not acceptable as I had a flight to catch. I ended up driving myself to the airport. Oh yeah  grabbed my bag out of the trunk and was on his way. Pleasant "This is the worst cab service I ever experienced. I called the yellow cab today to make a reservation. After waiting for a few minutes  so we spoke with a human who said that the online submission had not specified a regular or special cab.  I was pretty sure I had specified ""regular cab""--but if there was some uncertainty  and don't feel sorry when you call over an hour early and maybe one shows up. I would not recommend this company. The problem seems to be from the Supervisor down." Yellow Cab is the MOST untrustworthy and unprofessional cab company I have EVER dealt with.  They double charged me for an expensive cab ride.  They will not take care of you if you call them with a complaint.  You do not get to speak to a manager.  They refuse to come to the phone.  I am going to small claims court.  I will never EVER give you guys one more dime of my money.  I will use a shuttle - any shuttle -- to ANYWHERE and then contact an honest taxi company to take me to my destination.  It sure won't be Yellow Cab.  Those guys are crooks!" The worst customer service I have experienced in my life. How is it possible you are even in business? This is the worst cab company in whole world." yR3U7jOgoD0V0sGovuyt0Q yR3U7jOgoD0V0sGovuyt0Q I would give them a negative star if possible. I scheduled a 2pm pick up to the airport and No Show No Call!! Discount cab to the rescue! Yellow can suck it. Unreliable!!! We took a ride from PHX airport into town and right before arrival the taxi driver switched off the meter and told us there is no connection and made us pay cash asking for more then the meter actually calculated! We planned to pay by card! Yellow Cab taxi is rip off! I do not recommend using their service! We will call Yellow Cab again before we ever call Discount."  the man and woman in Lost and Found were so rude to me. They made me feel like an idiot and that is terrible customer service. I called again today just to make sure that what I lost wasn't found after a few days and the woman I asked to transfer me the Lost and Found was again very very rude. If it had Just been that one time I would have chalked it up to them having a bad day. But i spoke to different people on different days and all of them were rude. I'm very disappointed with the customer service at Yellow Cab."  my driver tonight tried to get in a verbal fight with me over my address.. WHERE I LIVE. He slammed on the breaks in the middle of the intersection  I would use Yellow Cab again and I recommend them based on that experience." "The driver named Nur Ahmed was not courteous at all. He didnt even help us unload our bags. He was insulted and annoyed that we were giving him directions to get to our destination. His taxi was dirty and smelled as if someone smelled curry on the back seat. He refused for us to pay with a credit card. He insisted that cash only. When I asked for a receipt Needless to say we had to call and wake up someone we met in the area and have him drive us because we were out of options.  BEYOND FRUSTRATING!!!!"  after all that he tried to charge me almost double what I was originally quoted. Rates to the airport are a different rate than ""street rates"". The driver tried to charge me street rates when there is a sign on his dash that clearly states the airport rates. I tell him I'm not paying double the quoted rate. He refuses to switch it. I have to call dispatch again to get the rate lowered. Then (even though I said I would be paying with a card on my reservation) he tells me I have to pay cash. I don't have the cash to cover the ride as I was planning to pay with a card. We have to call dispatch again to have them run the card. Now I'm about 45 minutes later than I wanted to be getting to the airport. Save yourself the trouble and use a different cab service. What a train wreck."  had a Prius show up! Called to ask for an additional van "Avoid Yellow cab like the plague.  I'm required to take them around town because of insurance issues.  At times I've waited 90 minutes for a cab; other times no cab shows.  I've given up and Cab driver started off unfriendly and did not want to take a credit card once I arrived at my destination.  Every card I own was somehow declined until he extorted cash from me so I could leave the car.  Funny I had no problems with the cards anywhere else before or after. You guys wonder why everyone is switching to Uber???   Beware of Car #476!  quoted a price of $26 to drop me off at home from the airport...got home and was actually charged $43...for a ride in a raggedy ass cab. Save your money and do like I considered doing but didn't - call an uber" I truly enjoyed my tour!  I will definitely do it again - especially if family comes in from out of town." There are so many competitors and the economy is not great right now.  Companies cannot afford to have the worst customer service.  I did call  Detours.  They were quite helpful." If I'm lucky enough to make it to Phoenix again I would use them again!  It was very relaxing to let someone else do the driving." PARTING THOUGHT: Why take a chance with your vacation and book with an unreliable tour company when there are so many excellent options in the area?" 