So the whole reason why I chose this Aamco was because it was a short walk from my apartment in Shadyside and I could easily leave my car there and walk home without having to bum a ride from my roommate.  All I needed was an oil change and my PA state inspection and it turned out to be a pretty painless experience.  I just dropped off my car in the morning and picked it up in the afternoon.  It's hard to find a decent mechanic and Larry and his team seem like people who will take good care of you.  I'll be back there for sure. Can't recommend this place enough!" I can't recommend these guys enough.  The best mechanic I have had experiences with in my adult life!"  so I'm taking my car in to actually get it worked on with confidence." "I went here to get my serpentine belt replaced and a transmission flushed and these guys were friendly and efficient.  They took the time to explain things to me and I felt comfortable that they were making the appropriate recommendations without trying to charge me for things I didn't need.  It was ready in just a few hours as promised so I was able to pick it up same day.  Only complaint is that they left my transmission fluid dipstick out of place under the hood so it was just laying on top I'll most likely come back for my future inspection needs  it died! I went back in and told him that the tow truck operator hooked it up to a jumper box and pumped the gas to start it. That's what he did. Then told me it probably didn't start because it was sitting so long. Then he told me ""I don't know anything about your car""! I left and sure enough had trouble getting it started at my next destination "So I had to take my car to get inspected in order to register my car here in PA and ended up taking it to this place.  I called in advance  he offered to schedule me for a Saturday morning appointment as he was going to be in that weekend anyway. I was happy to accept his offer and the actual appointment went very well. The man I spoke with and who worked on my car is very personable and accommodating  I take my SUV here on Sunday in an effort to know why it was running so roughly. I spoke with Brian at the desk who was very polite and professional. Sunday went by then Monday went by. Tuesday morning I get a call from Brian who stated that they couldn't fix my car due to not being able to remove a bolt without possibly getting in over their heads. What!? Are you freaking kidding me!? A NATIONALLY KNOWN GARAGE IS AFRAID TO REMOVE A BOLT!!?? Then I had to pay them $102.67 to get my SUV back. I HAD TO PAY THEM TO WASTE MY TIME AND DO NOTHING!! I know that they say never say never Cons: Even for basic service it often takes +3 days to do." "I took my Jeep to Brian and Jim's shop a month ago because I heard a grinding noise at about 20 mph and above in the general area of the rear wheels.  I talked with Brian a several times and he seems to be a knowledgable and good guy.  They found a used ""rear end"" and installed it at what seems like a reasonable price.  Jeep sounded great when I got it back.  It's now two weeks later and the same (or similar) sound is back.  When I called Brian said essentially P.S. If you're the type that doesn't really like just hanging out in the garage while you wait for them to finish with your car  ""well we strongly believe that if you're good to your customers they'll be good right back to you."" So this is my first yelp review "I own an hvac company. My truck is my life-line!!!!! lost forward drive. Called Brian and talked about repairing the truck asap. He told me to get it into the shop as soon as I could. I had it towed over and he got right on it. Had the transmission out and replaced within a couple days. He could have charged me anything  but this Aamco is the exception.  I brought my car in for the state inspection after a bad experience at another shop.  The new owner was extremely accommodating  these guys are also very friendly and professional.  I only wish all car mechanics would have this type of work ethics."  and friendly service made this a go-to place for my future car troubles. I'm glad to have found some trustworthy mechanics in my area--I think we would all agree they are worth their weight in gold." Very nice staff. I go here to purchase tires or if I need a nail removed. The prices are very reasonable and the service is fast. "I have used this business for years. Very helpful honest and polite. I take my parents car here  reasonable prices. This is a place with people you can trust These guys are great! They've fixed a few flat tires for me for about $20. Fixes have always held up well. They never make me wait long and you never have to call ahead (for flat fixes). Super friendly.  professional and didn't try to add on additional repairs. He kept us updated throughout the day on the status(which I really appreciate!)  and by 430p she was ready to be picked up!  They did a great job!  Thank you Steve for making this experience a good one!"  spoke with me and made me comfortable with leaving my car at the competitor's shop because the other shop also does very good work at a very reasonable rate. Cory in no way tried to steal my business. He vouched for the other business and spoke very highly of them. Class act."  I was happy to see that the shop closest to my house had three positive reviews.  I spoke directly with the store manager The price is fair and there very Honest most of all...If your a single women you can trust what they tell you..."  and did the work in one day.  Their prices are fair with no upselling!!  Thanks to Robin & Brian--you are the best!!" They are just ripping you off if you ask them to fix anything but your transmission in my opinion."  and several other repairs. Very friendly and helpful staff. I recommend this place to everybody!"  paid my bill and have spent the past two weeks adjusting and repairing the little things myself or having another shop do it. Case in point was a simple bolt/screw that held a kick down cable in place. After putting car on rack and wondering why fluid was pouring from trans "Awful experience today. Took my car to get a repair and left with more damage than I had when I got there. Owner is very unprofessional and doesn't care about his customers. Office manager was at least willing to listen Instant response and inspection. Found my transmission performing normally. We will need to get some scheduled maintenance done but nothing unexpected. Great news for 107000 miles. 400.00.  To RE-build my transmission.  Used scare tactic "" oh you CAN NOT drive out of here it is un-safe"".  This is a common practice of AAMCO to separate you from your car as quickly as possible.   After leaving my car for 5 days with this location they did several other repairs on my car.   I went to pick it up and was dealing with the owner Scott.   He was shocked to learn I was paying with my debit card.   He wanted me to pay with cash !!    I said no I don't have cash.   After 3 weeks I brought my car back due to a bad vibration.   I dropped it off on a Monday at noon.  By Tuesday at noon no call from them so I had to call and ask what was going on.  I was informed by John my car had not been looked at yet it was in line with all the rest of the cars to be looked at!   I asked for the owners number.  I call Scott Lefkowitz the owner at his other location on Vanburen.  He promised to call me back and never did.  I got a call from John saying my engine mounts were broken. And that has nothing to do with the repairs we already did.   I told them not to do anything to my car.   I took my car to 2 separate mechanics both told me I had NO broken motor mounts.  That it was my torque converter.  Which was suppose to have been rebuilt and replaced when I had the initial work done.   The shop on Cave Creek is a scam shop.  Very rude poor service and they will lie to you just to get more $$ out of you.  Do not use this location !!!" The man has been driving cars for 35 years and the transmission is still an issue. You dont have to have a certified mechanic to know when a job is not done correctly. What is the point of a warranty if they refuse to look at the job they did incorrectly? Thousands of dollars down the drain and the transmission struggles to shift. Don't go here. The only reason why I am writing this review is because my dad doesn't have yelp and nobody will help him. He wants everyone to be aware of the issues you may encounter by going here." u4JL5Vw4_XI-4Zu6ZKcfNw 000 miles it would connect with computer to run right..really? After many more miles put in we called them dropped it off on Monday. 4 days later no call from them then we called and they said its the engine and that they would charge another 196 to check the engine. Then John said that we could take to other mechanic and if we didn't trust them to go somewhere else. Then he said he couldn't do anything and this call was going no where. Horrible customer service!" "I have been taking my vehicles to Moon Valley Motor Care for the past decade! They have worked on my Volkswagen Jetta Traveling across the country from the east coast and needed to get my car checked. i was referred to Moon Valley Motor Care by a friend who I was staying with. They were super nice and super clear with all the problems with the car. They even offered to drive me back to the place I was staying  and pick me up when the car was ready! There were a lot of issues and cost (and the mechanics were able to explain and show me directly the whats and the whys) but Dawn was nice enough to check the tire pressure sensors for free as one thing less to stress about. If I am ever in the area again and have car issues I would definitely go here again. Thank you Dawn for your help! Dawn and the crew did a great job on my Fianc's vehicle when we needed a new water pump. They were quick and thorough and did it all for the price quoted. We'll be returning for any repairs or maintenance we need in the future! I would highly recommend Moon Valley and when I return to Phoenix I will definitely have them do any needed repairs." I was glad they were able to help prevent something bad from happening in the future  my outcome has not been so nice to put it presentationally. We are still in dispute from the services received from August of 2014 to what I feel was un-authorized and to what Dawn DiMarco felt was authorized work. Although she has offered for a $100.00 off for the future installation of an alternator it is hard for my husband and I to return to MVMC. We hope the owner will see things from our perspective as a business owner that has dealt with customer satisfaction for over twenty years."  even if he had to stay late. Top shelf all the way. They offered to drive me to my house and call me when it was done. Their service is next to none and they are very fair on their prices. They could have very easily stuck it to me  "Dawn was extremely friendly and explained everything that needed to be completed on my truck prior - and offered options on the work - what was needed asap and what could wait.  Family business with great professionalism "The staff was really nice I called when I was on the road and they told me to come right in for an oil change. My husband was at work so therefore I couldn't go anywhere  but stay in the shop while the work was being done. The shop really doesn't have a ""waiting area"" and kind of left me in an awkward position walking around with my one year old. There were two women in the office I chatted with one of them because she was expecting she was very nice "I've found my trusted auto mechanic! Dawn and her team are amazing- professional The level of disrespect and ""take it or leave it"" attitude that my wife received is causing us to sever our relationship with this repair shop." 