 but it was more focused on the various areas of the city. It was a great tour overall and it was very fun to see the different My husband and I enjoyed this tour - very informative.  The ease of being picked up at the hotel and the friendliness of the tour guide made for an enjoyable couple of hours.  but having experienced how unprofessional they conduct business business I'm elated that it wasn't functioning. I refuse to patronize a company who never answers the phone let alone respond to emails. In addition They were friendly and helpful.  We had just moved to town and were able to set up our AAA accounts and do our title & registration for the car.  We even walked out with a license plate!  a new driver would be covered- just in case. And boy have we gotten our money out of our membership! Plus I love getting the movie tickest cheaper there!"  I arrived at 2:00 but no one was there.  I needed to wait until 2:30 before seeing someone because the person who handles car registrations was late to return from lunch and someone else called in sick.  If someone calls in sick  but I found my way to the Greenway location and had a very nice experience! The girl at the front happily helped me renew my membership and update my information. She also gave me a free North America Atlas (score) and a list of all the discounts and benefits for a Triple A membership. It was a very friendly and seamless experience and I will definitely return until a location opens up closer to me!"  anytime I've used roadside assistance it's always been a great customer service experience and prompt arrival of the technician."  no fuss. So much nicer than the Arizona  MVD Zoo.  Don't mind paying a little for the extra service." I have been a member of AAA since I first left home after college. That's too many decades to list! I'm a Premier member and the extra perks and benefits are well worth it. From the discounts at the AAA travel shop to fees being waived for vehicle services  and in a matter of minutes everything was handled smoothly. All of my dealings with AAA have been excellent from battery service to obtaining an international drivers license!"  get a license plate and buy car insurance.  The employees were extremely helpful and friendly.  Latanya in VTR suggested I title the vehicle differently since I was putting it in my trust.  Very helpful.  Rita in insurance saved me more on the premium than I was anticipating.  Very nice waiting area also.  Membership does have it's rewards!!"  they informed me I was qualified for a 3 month temp. license.  No service charge.  The 90 day permit gave me breathing room to get my out of state vehicle title copy in.  Great service." "Great service for car titles. They even printed a replacement title for my car so I could sell it. All title etc places charge a fee that's not as cheap as you'd think. But it's close and fast. Don't have to be a member either (not sure if it's cheaper for members). Very nice people I stopped by the Paradise Valley AAA office yesterday and had a great time with Kathy getting airline tickets to Cayman Brac for a SCUBA diving vaction that is coming up. Great service friendly people. As good as it gets. We don't look forward to car problems again "Annette Prewitt is great.  She's organized vBRJWnMaAqUyZ1CbwnJXLQ "We are traveling out of country some time soon and needed international drivers' licenses.  AAA AZ was great - we were able to download the applications on line so that we could walk in with them ready. The agent took our photos We were surprised at the services offered.  Plus everyone was very pleasant.  We picked up a trip tix and they gave us the maps and books. We waited a little while but not unreasonable.  we were greeted promptly by friendly front desk staff and they asked quick non-intrusive questions to make sure they got us to the right place.  After a brief 5 minute wait Just a great AAA offering that I was very happy to have."  is that on my way out I told the receptionist that I had someone who must have had a bad day I visited here for the first time to get my car title transfered into my Trust. They were very helped and made the process so easy. The woman who helped me even took the paper work out to the car so that my handicapped wife would not have to get out. Thank you for being s considerate. I will be back for other services.  have had AAA for 12 years and have never had to use them. Today I called. Our 2005 Ford F150 truck has a dead battery. Husband had chemotherapy this afternoon and is in no shape to change a battery. Battery is DEAD and needs to be replaced. Guess what I would like to update this review in all fairness. I received a phone call from AAA a few days later as I also wrote to them describing the above incident. Krista left 2 messages and apologized for what happened and went above and beyond in compensation. I can only assume the rep we spoke with initially was not familiar with what batteries fit which commonly USA made trucks!  Nevertheless  along with an ATV (toy for my husband). We had family coming to stay at the cabin over the weekend and were in a hurry to get the ATV licensed so that we could use it. My husband suggested I take the title to AAA "Been a member of AAA Arizona and was planning a trip of the four corners region and afraid to depend on my GPS in that remote area...then I thought old school maps! Sure enough  Annette Prewitt. She has been everywhere and she knows all the best spots to see and the places to avoid. It's always a pleasure spending time with her." vBRJWnMaAqUyZ1CbwnJXLQ  the office is great. The two young ladies that handle the DMV stuff are awesome and make long dreary tasks easy. Friendly "We went to AAA on Greenway yesterday to take care of some MVD biz...we were helped by LaTanya who was amazing. She not only took care of what we needed but also suggested a couple of items we overlooked Shelly did an  amazing job helping plan a two day trip in AZ.  She had great suggestions and offered to help in ways I did not think of. This is not the first time AAA has been valuable.  We also have been helped by Annette who does an incredible job planning and working on details.  he already had two cars for me to see and test drive. Great service! I wanted to look at a luxury car so he went to the dealership with me. WOW.....what a difference to have him with me rather than going in alone. We test drove a car there too.  Back at the office  homeowners and recieved some more coverage at the same time. Thank you "The entire transaction of providing title took 5 minutes. Very friendly I received a call from Amanda to day and Triple A is going to see what they can reimburse me.  They are also going to cover the difference in the Plus and Classic when the renewal comes up.  Pretty fair compromise if I get reimbursed.  The sticking point and Amanda has a point is that they only promise to bring the car back.  While that is technically correct  professional and efficient at her job. Have been a faithful AAA member for decades  arrived at my house within 15 minutes. Keith was very friendly and handled the situation quickly and professionally. I ended up being able to get my spare key reprogrammed to my car "The staff was helpful in finding items for our upcoming trip to Europe.  I only wish I would have been offered some maps  but only used my membership for the car service calls up until a few years ago when I discovered many more reasons to use the membership perks.  I have used the DMV services regularly and haven't had to go to the DMV since.  LOVE it.  The people are helpful and really take the time to explain what needs to be done.  Then about 2 years ago I made the decision to take my first international trip.  I had the pleasure of getting set up with Annette as my travel planner and I can't begin to express how knowledgeable and helpful she has been.  Her tips * I accidently posted this on the auto repair shop location." The lady at AAA was very helpful. In fact I have never had an issue with anyone there. Chaun and Howard Hill" She pointed out to me the ""must see"" places  in my travels  delivered in an informative and entertaining way. Topics range from what makes a desert happen Q1sa26u2D6nokOgW28qN6g  please continue to allow these jeep tours - they are wonderful and very sensitive to maintaining the environment." 