 so I decided to stop by. I was immediately greeted by an extremely friendly woman who started on our paperwork. I told her that a few of our plans had changed since I made the reservation. She was happy to work with us and help us out. Without this XaTlnT5aKXmLAx75wHppCA If I could give 0 stars I would."  so I had to make a place to park.  Ended up getting cursed out by a maintenance guy.   Nice job U-haul!!!!  Will never be going back to this place again."  twice and ended up demanding a refund and taking business elsewhere.  NEVER AGAIN."  I was told that they didn't have any and my only option was to get a more expensive one. This is absolutely OBSURD customer service. You cannot guarantee a customer something and then force them to upgrade out of their own pocket. I will never rent from Uhaul again and I will not recommend this to anyone." OasJ_Jq4cUEHvWLa7UoQzQ My advice to future customers:  always check the back of the truck before leaving the parking lot to avoid pointless fees."  6 weeks in advance! The employees are either dumb or just don't give a shit. They're unorganized and totally clueless. I have never used a business so poorly run. How this store stays in business is a mystery to me and any corporation that tolerates such bad performance from a franchise will not get another $ from me. Or maybe they're all this bad. Regardless ifUkPfiuirIqLvJKXj4QQA  writing this review is making me relive this horrible experience but I think you should have gotten the point by now. This place scores awful out of 10."  the boxes that I bought there fell apart.  Buy your boxes from Two Men and a Truck - they're more expensive The only thing I would suggest is for management to make sure that at least two people can work the desk at any given time  they were also great about helping me get set up to tow again.  I really didn't know the first thing about what I needed to buy.  They make it easy and explained everything."  he has no clue how to deal with people. The truck I had was in a bad shape I had to replace it with a truck from a different location."  at least give us a call to let us know if we're S.O.L. If there was another nearby location that had better service and fleet availability Let's make a change and show them the consequences of treating students like crap." The only reason I gave them 2 starts is because there really isn't a better trailer option that I've aware of." ---- I contacted UHAUL Customer Service with no response or resolution" Terribly slow. We arrive here at 12:00pm just to return the car. The stuff asks us to wait and didn't appear again until an hour later. Terrible service.  knowledgeable and helpful. Knew a lot about the special needs for the Nissan Murano. Dropped off for the installation and they called when it was completed. Mark even made sure he meet with me to explain everything before I left. I would definitely recommend. Only reason I would not give 5 stars was because when I was in the store it took them awhile to acknowledged that I was standing there waiting. But Mark was awesome."  and got home to find that they had charged my Visa card an extra separate charge of $50. When I called the manager (Hector)  we found two bottles of water waiting for us. It was a refreshing treat on the triple digit day. The units are very clean and secure. I will probably write another update after we have rented here for awhile  UHAUL. Don't use this location." I can't say enough how impressed I was with this manager. I had rented a motorcycle trailer for the week to come visit my brother in Phoenix and ride Arizona on days he worked. I showed up and asked if I could keep the trailer at this store/location for the week due to parking and theft issues. The manager was more than happy to help me and allowed me to keep my trailer on his site for 4 days free of charge. It's the little things that make a company great! I called manager Terry at the 39th street and McDowell location and he fixed it all up for me. I was given a 20' U-haul with less than 11 "Very friendly customer service and decent pricing.  I bought an apartment movers box set.  They only had two in stock and had offered to hold one in the back for me.  I knew the weekend was approaching and was worried they might sell out.  Also  but wasn't pushy and didn't pressure me to buy things I didn't want. He didn't treat me like an idiot for not knowing what the heck I was doing and was extremely informative. He walked me through everything I needed to know and the whole transaction was speedy and simple. Excellent customer service! It was really refreshing to receive such great service and I would highly recommend." "The owner and staff here were great. They went beyond customer service to offer fantastic and informative assistance. If any problems came up  it shouldn't take 12 days to get from AZ to CA. Now I'm told that I have to wait 10 business days from the day the check was issued to have it resubmitted AGAIN!! I've been dealing with this refund issue since the end of Dec 2015. I think 3 friggin months is long enough to wait for my money. Your company It was expensive a lot of hidden fees.  I rented a van for 19.95 a day for three days plus .59 cents a mile. I drove 166 miles which comes to 97.94. this adds up to 157.79.  I paid 210 so the extra fees were 52.21. which seems high.  other than that the van i rented was in great condition!  Austin the general manager was very helpful with getting me exactly what I needed with no unneeded extras. It was fast I've rented from this Uhaul 3 times. It is fast and affordable and they don't try and upsel you a bunch of crap you don't need. Mike has been here a long time and he is very helpful and friendly.  explained everything and were extremely pleasant to deal with.  In addition great place been renting trucks for years and they always have propane and its not super expensive  then he tried to tell me that the truck does not come with a ""ball hitch"" and I would have to buy one at 30-40 dollars including tax additional to all rental costs of both.  I said that this is unreasonable and a ""rip off"" this infuriated the owner (wears Glasses) and shouted i am not in the business of ripping people off and said to go elsewhere........ gladly i did.  Do not do business with this guy....you have been warned......" DO NOT GET PROPANE REFILLS AT THIS LOCATION! New manager does not know how to tell the difference between a certified and uncertified propane tank. Been going to this location for past 5 years w old manager Mike. Never had a problem w him refilling my Rhino Propane exchange tanks.....didn't know Rhino Propane used old uncertified tanks! Will NEVER go back. "This place is a ripoff. I had a storage unit for 2 years here. When I deceided to give it up they would not prorate my fees when I was told by the staff and manager that they prorate fees. They had no concern for my situation I have moved in and out of this location several times for my customer's and they have always been happy with their experience.  My crew has been in contact with the management and they have always been helpful and professional.   I would not hesitate to recommend them or use their facilities for my own storage of household goods.  If you need a place to store your stuff this is the place in the north valley. "I just rented an air conditioned 10 x 15 unit after researching my neighborhood for a few months. It is in a newly renovated building.  I found the service to be exceptional and the unit to be inviting  it's all very clear and easy to understand. Uncle Bob's storage is a nice place (so far) I had a unit for fours years. The staff is great. They went through a renovation and moved me to a different unit using professional movers. I never had any problems with the facility or the representatives. It is a clean well run storage facility. I would definately use them again and would not hesitate to recommend to any of my friends. thank you Doug and staff at Uncle Bobs."  the units and property were always clean and neat and the price was great. The use of their truck to move our stuff saved us a ton of money by not renting from UHaul. We would definitely recommend Uncle Bobs to anyone looking for a storage unit. My only one complaint (and it is very minor) is I wish they would allow access a little later than 9pm. There were a couple of times where I was stuck working late and then needed to grab something out of my unit and could not because I got there too late. But that is just a minor thing Was looking for a unit cause I will be moving soon and I need to store some stuff I have. I came to Uncle Bobs and I am glad I did. The girl that helped me with the prices and sizes of the units was very helpful and friendly. The property looked very clean and professional which makes me feel that my stuff will be safe there. When I first came in There was a guy too and he greeted me with a smile and made me feel very welcome. I am looking at my options at the moment but I have a positive feeling I will be renting my unit here. Thank you Uncle Bobs for your awesome customer service!!! "I walked into uncle bobs expecting it to be one of ""those storage places"" I was pleasantly surprised to see everything spotless. The staff especially Miss Janeen (I think  that was her name) were extremely knowledgeable about the prices. I WAS looking for a large unit and I think I found the perfect place. One extra thing I love the hours of operation it makes me feel safe with my things inside! Thanks uncle bobs and Janeen for your wonderful costumer service." 