One of the better urgent care's in charlotte. Always friendly staff as well.  look elsewhere. I will be avoiding carolina health care until they find a way to fix the wait." So I got there at around 8:30 and left at 9:45 but that included an X-ray. They were amazing. The nurse and the doctors were so incredibly nice and knowledgeable. I had mr. Griggs and I couldn't imagine having anyone better in that situation. He is the best doctor I have ever visited with. The process was quick since after I checked in it took about a minute to get taken back. "Went in to get drug tested and they said it was a 15 min wait and it took them 1 hour and 15 minutes.. I got up and asked what was going on and they said ""they were getting the test ready."" If you can don't waste your time with these people I'm a fan of you Concentra." "No insurance... UTI... a small cash investment netted me a script with refills for pain relieving  Your slogan is ""Treated Right."" Put some power behind that because right now those are meaningless words." Oh... and I didn't get a ticket or was towed. Happy  the staff's dedication and commitment to the healthcare and advocacy of those people and communities served is inspiring...keep up the good works!" "A great hospital all around. The educational team has strong affiliations with the Mayo Clinic and the University of Arizona. A great place to train wonderful doctors. Each patient is treated with respect and compassion. The doctors  this is a training hospital so it sucks to not have a regular nurse. I will say that they have the best burn clinic in the state but they also failed a JCAHO survey in 2007. Still what do you expect There is something to be said to having your care at a teaching hospital." Stay away from this medical center unless you have plenty of time and don't mind having your credit ruined.  My insurance company paid them and I paid my copay for one office visit.  So far I've wasted two hours proving the $100 office visit has been paid in full 8 months ago. They are now telling me I have 10 days to pay $206 (instead of the $100) or they will send this to collections. Anyone know of a good attorney? This hospital does more than you know for our community. Maricopa Medical Center  delivers superior care to the uninsured and insured alike.  This facility is involved in training new physicians and nurses.  and upon leaving how to care for his wound (horse play on a treadmill and a nasty road rash 3rd degree burn in his arm). Doctors were very pleasant and informative and answered every and all questions I had. At the time of this review this is my third visit here as a follow up  I just got a collection letter in Feb 2015. So I had to go back into my records from 2012 to find the proof again and submit evidence of payment to a collection company that bought the debt.  Then I'll need to check my credit to make sure they haven't reported negative information on my credit report." Very friendly staff. My sister had surgery here yesterday and the nurses and the doctor were very attentive and made sure everything went smoothly. Thank you guys for all the hard work!! The volunteers here are very friendly and helpful made my stressful day a lot better with all the positivity that was in this hospital. Thank you guys again so much for all you do!! I deeply appreciate every single one of you guys !!  and has a couple of truly amazing nurses.  Alexis and Michelle - I can never thank you enough."  doctors and administrative staff. Amanda and Katie are THE BEST nurses I could have ever imagined having. Hannah and Renee in therapy are the sweetest and most helpful and encouraging people. I still have a long road to recovery ahead of me 7_pBQ2IJKxAumHl8hMAPXA Upset and ill I remembered another clinic that I have been told is nice and I was on my way."  the experience was the worse ever. In fact all of these clinics are terrible. I only go because my insurance contracts with them. I try to avoid going to Urgent Care unless I am dying. The one on Dunlap has a tad better service if you must go. If you can go to another brand of clinics  look else where and expect to pay more.  If you've got a simple cut or strep throat and willing to wait  there are other places where I'll be seen and treated for a bit longer."  and there is another urgent care up the street about 52nd st and Thomas Rd.  please  they'll be able to see you.  They have a lot of different clinic locations through out Metro Phoenix area so anywhere you see them  answered all my questions and presented the situation very thoroughly. I appreciated it. I did have to wait about an hour when I went to the urgent care on a weekday around 10 AM. Not sure if that is typical or not."  find out there is over an hour wait just to pee in a cup. Ask if there is any way I can just go because this whole procedure is going to take less the a minute to do. Ask to speak to a manager. David. Who is extremely rude and proceeds to tells I can either wait or leave. I explain I have been trying to call the location to set up a time were he basically tells me that there is nothing wrong with the phones he has been talking on them all day. But I have been here over 30 minutes now and have not heard the phone ring once. Overall the place is dirty. The wait is ridiculous especially for a basic drug screen and the staff is extremely rude. I highly suggest never ever coming here. I know I will never be back. Ever." uuv2IsWkbW7zdyYfWbU_Mw  he muttered something under his breath about being down sold or something snotty....  VERY unprofessional!   Thankfully I won't need this place again (I found a much better place - nicer people & no pressure to sign up for anything - and it was less expensive!).  Don't.  Go.  Here!!" "I came in on a Sunday morning for something fairly straight forward.  They were totally fair and had me in and out in under an hour.  Their in house ""pharmacy"" is pretty much non-existent but they are located within two miles of several others.  I didn't present much of a medical challenge but need to give them credit for being cheap enough and faster than I expected." "I'm not sure where these negative reviews are coming from. I was first warned there was a 90 minute wait but it didn't take them that long before they were able to see me. The entire staff was friendly  I believed it to be bronchitis. When I saw the doctor she said that my lungs were fine and the irritation was coming from drainage in my nose. She prescribed me a Nasal spray and a non narcotic cough suppressant. When I was released I read over my paperwork and the symptoms they had written down were very much conflicting to what I had said. ACCORDING TO THE PAPERWORK THE REASON FOR MY VISIT WAS DISCOLORATION OF MY CHEST. When we asked the doctor about it she said that it was because THAT was the nurses description. Which I find to be a bad excuse considering I had told the nurse and the doctor the same symptoms I was feeling. Under the doctors notes I had read that she diagnosed me with an upper respritory infection. Needless to say the nasal spray and cough suppressant did nothing to help with my infection." Online system says check in to reserve your spot.  I arrive 90 min later and they say check in doesn't matter.  avoid this place at all costs." "I see Dr Clark and Dr Corcoran here as my primary physicians and have since high school. They're both very efficient and warm people - ideal doctors.  It's an older neighborhood near their office so I'm usually a LOT younger than the patients waiting Additionally the staff there act as if they are doing you a favor by taking your money. I have never witnessed such nonchalant behavior at a doctors office. Ridiculous" 5 stars for the doctors but not happy about the 1-2+ hour wait time EVERY. SINGLE. VISIT. Finding a new doctor because of this unfortunately. So disappointing! I was very disappointed and won't be sending any of my friends to this doctor." I'm surprised to see so many negative reviews.  I've never had a bad experience here-  Not that I'm here often.  But I've gone in for an annual checkup and follow up.  The office staff was friendly.  Dr Corcoran was quite personable.  The team that did blood work was friendly.  They have an app that lets you view your results and helped me register.  You can also schedule your visit from the app.  The whole process was pretty efficient. 