V4rrrgVfAVwCI2737bhLIQ "I am also reviewing the Oakmont location since I have yet to visit the Pittsburgh store. I have consigned with this store I walked out with a vintage (60's) Pucci dress($88) in perfect condition and an Adrienne Vittadini sweater ($17).  All profits go to a women's shelter which means minimal buyers remorse...hell yess!!!"  particularly sundresses and halter tops.  But I came away with a nice gently used Michael Kors brown leather bag and a sweet men's Polo button down shirt.  No  and I only offered items that I thought were in excellent condition from high end retailers; even though I have seen brands in the store from Charter Club for example (Ambiance says they do not accept them in the consigning agreement). The employee was very apologetic and she said that she stood by her assessment that the items were of good quality Good place for cheap stuff."  but the volunteer staff does a pretty good job of keeping it stocked. There is always new stuff there. The real draw of this place is that it is cheap. I mean  but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here since there are a lot of other places with a much larger selection." They do have a dressing room!"  but I play bass in a bar band and every so often I love wearing vintage clothes on stage." i'm a total fan of eons. love their selection! a little pricey though. Growing up on Eons' vintage has spoiled me for any other vintage store.  I hold every other one up to its standards.  Thus  and it's relative to Hey Betty!  Which is another pretty good vintage shop.  Eons is better though.  They have clothes for all sizes and shapes.  Beautiful shoes and jewelry as well.  And Richard (god of vintage) is just a gem to talk to!"  although sometimes it doesn't have the sizes I need (I'm a petite 0-2). Also look up when you walk around the store. Some of the sweetest hats I have ever seen (I don't know where they find the stuff in that GREAT quality) are at Eons. Main point: If you love vintage I'm an experienced vintage shopper and baby - it doesn't get better than this!  And the prices - very reasonable for the quality of the clothing "This is a vintage shoppers paradise!  The place is stocked full of original vintage finds from the 1920's and on.  It may be packed full but it's easy to navigate between the different decades as they are clearly marked in select sections.  The prices aren't outrageous if you're looking for something unique for a special dinner or event.  You can tell that the owner goes above and beyond to find the best vintage selections.  It's not just clothes too  read several reviews & decided this was the place for me. I was beyond please! The 2 salesmen were great: personable and willing to answer questions. I purchased 2 fantastic vintage silver bangles for $8 a piece and a 50's wool hat for $10 that matches my wool coat perfectly. I wish I would have had more time  separated by era and then by size.  This is one of the only vintage clothing stores I've been to in the country that has a large selection of deadstock items  but don't be surprised to find pieces from the very early 1900s!  It's organized by men's and women's clothing I stopped in the other day and even though I couldn't find anything that quite caught my eye I always make a stop here when I'm back in Pittsburgh." Meticulously organized and a great selection. Definitely worth a stop. You know you had walked into an amazing business when you see that every non-filtered review here on Yelp is above par.  I'm also glad to add another one of those reviews."  I stopped by Eons and ended up trying on a few things.  I wasn't really on a quest to find anything though  even if you don't think you want vintage clothing. You will. The selection is amazing He has different era's some pieces are a little pricey but most of the items are good quality. If they are damaged they are noted as damaged and priced lower."  they did have mesh purses from the 1920s). Lots of menswear; suits and dress shirts. The store is about half men's stuff and half women's stuff. The clothes seem to be fairly high quality (ie. not stained or ripped) but you pay for it. They did have some cute outfits "A nice place to stop in if you're out for a stroll in shadyside. Though I think this place is overpriced and a bit overrated  he is continually helping out non-profits by donating or loaning merchandise and by publicizing their events." Went in last minute for a 1975's prom theme party. Owner was very helpful and both my boyfriend and I walked out with great outfits. Didn't have to venture anywhere else! will never return to the store." "This is the place to go for all of your vintage needs. Richard has such a big selection you'd be hard pressed to walk out of the store empty handed. All items are in pristine So this is the place to be in Shadyside when you want vintage.  Prepare to empty your wallet here!"  jewelry and a couple dresses here.  Overall it's a lot better (and pricier) than the local goodwills."  since he's the only one behind the counter when I shop here) is pleasant and will help you find your size if you ask.  There are dressing rooms.  All in all To me customer service is everything. If you cannot greet your customers or educate them about your items services you're providing then that's one less store I need to go back to. I would recommend it to someone who is looking for vintage clothing but not to someone who is looking for a great customer service experience."  and definitely well-priced.  I once bought a leather bomber jacket from the '70s for $30!  I tend to like their accessories more than their clothing: they have an amazing selection of footwear Hey Betty is a little bit small and it does require a bit of poking around in.  But they've got both men's and women's stuff here and I've even found things Rick enjoyed.  I've bought vintage Levi's and Lee jeans here because  it's best to ask if you're looking for something specific. Sandra and Michael know their merchandise but they are not intrusive and do not try to push things on you. I have things from there that span decades. The last trip we scored the most amazing pair of sunglasses ever made." Cute little shop more women's clothing then mens. The owner was chatty with me or clerk whichever she was. There are two vintage stores in this area so you can check one then the other if you don't find what you're seeking on the first try..."  but I quite enjoyed the experience. The store is a little time capsule full of everything you imagine being in your grandmother's attic. I was most impressed by the huge selection of women's dresses GREAT Stuff from Great Dealers !" "It's a flea market.  Nothing more; nothing less.  It's old crap that no one should need unless you are a hoarder.  There are plenty of free flea markets and yard sales that are free.  This misadventure cost me $20 in admission fees.  What a waste.  It's $10 a head.  Finally  and a bar which was a plus in my husband's eyes when I dragged him along." A great place to spend a weekend and the staff is super friendly. Did not find many super deals as many things were priced high but we enjoyed looking around The dealers are so knowledgeable and helpful! We always find some great stuff. We just recently purchased vintage blue glass BALL jars from the 1950's for a DIY project.  so come prepared with comfortable shoes. If you're in the market for random old stuff The Manger Joy Shiver was very nice and easy to work with. She runs a tight ship! The regular vendors as well as new vendors welcome   new and improved changes. With better options and lower booth prices. The Expo is more obtainable for small and less experienced vendors. The food Trucks and many other new addition to Metrolina have been wonderful. As the new year approaches I only see good things to come. Come early and take your time to see what treasures you can find. This is definitely a Buyer Vendor friendly atmosphere!  this is a fun store to browse and you always feel welcome." GpMijrYiLAU0FdOQo9Af_w I got an awesome 60's vinyl couch for 200$!"  even factoring in the expensive nature of these ""vintage"" stores.  While I went looking for paintings and other decorations for my apartment They recently started taking credit via Square reader in their new downtown Champaign location."  somethings can be a little pricey-- but coming from the West Coast they are always cheaper than what I would pay back home."  and Amanda and Scott are the best.  From Soviet matryoshki to Herman Miller side-boards this duo has a great eye for the bygone style of the mid-century.  This shop is a true treasure for Champaign's mods." It's worth it to go in and take a look. Lots of fun things to see and buy!" "THE F N BEST. Did I really start this review like that? yep. I kinda want everything in the store when I go in. The owners are knowledgable and nice  and it is always fun just to stop in and see what's new. So far we have bought from them: two chairs and end table for the living room "Yay yay yay! This place looks as if the owners just raided the set of Mad Men. They always have rad stuff every time I come in here. So much so that I'm to the point where I don't let myself go here because I'm afraid I'll buy something. Yeah (That being said it can still be very hit or miss The part I love the most is that the store is kept up so well that I never walk out with Goodwill hands and I don't feel like I need to give the clothing a chemical shower before I wear it. No wonder they've been around so long." Drop by Dandelion. Even if the items there aren't your style  the woman working behind the counter didn't seem to have any issues with us documenting our more outrageous finds with our camera phones. While we wouldn't be able to wear most items on the street gVp2MmQ2VP8bzeObzX6Qtw  the store owner has been gracious enough to lower the price on broken or torn items I've purchased.  During previous years "I used to live basically right above this place and would wander in from time to time. It's fun to look around for sure I don't know I just wasn't that impressed. It was a neat little store and the employees were super friendly but I couldn't find much (then again when I buy used I usually go to salvation army). I walked out with a dress that was 30 bucks and I have yet to wear. Maybe it's hit or miss? I just didn't find it that great. There is a good mix of truly vintage and newer items as well. Great shoe selection. I would like to see them get more variety of jewelry d8Cr4UtqlrbZh7Rsuj1rmw I can't wait to go back to Champaign and visit this place again : )" Some of their clothes are literally falling apart and still marked at full price." The woman working the register was friendly and helpful." "I found my fringed leather jacket here and even though my sixteen year old son says  you can find forest-green Converse in just your size for just the right price  in helps that TJ Maxx is right next door. I highly recommend this place for the graduate student on the budget as a good way to look up-to-date and professional without having to cave to mall retail prices." Maybe if it were slightly bigger it could carry more..."  were we in the same Plato's Closet??  Most of the stuff looked pretty cheap and teenybopperish to me.  I can see going here if you're looking for something disposable for going out on campus  but none when it comes to buying things. I just feel like everything here is either tacky Overall though Plato's isn't a bad place. I disagree with the person that said it's only ""Abercrombie and Hollister."" That's simply not true. I've seen plenty of great brands and unique pieces. If you're willing to dig there's some great stuff here." I usually stick to buying over selling."  highchairs and excersaucers to clothes and shoes and toys. They have a 50/50 consignment plan ( cash or store credit) and will display everything for 90 days. If it doesn't sell you get all your non sold items back.  The new management that took over the business last February vamped the store up and it looks better and better and they are super friendly and always willing to help. Always had a great experience. They have a Facebook page too in which they list new item in pictures. Highly recommended."  as well as some mis.toys.  All gently used.  Very pleased with pleasant greeting and help.  Fun to trade old for old/new.  Very well organized.  Highly recommended over all other buy/sell baby shops in Phoenix." There FB page gets barely frequent attention. An occasional photo gets posted. I hope they pick it up and blow some fire in the business.  The concept is great "Consignment store. My daughter had a bunch of clothes that she never wore and outgrown. We took it to Baby Bloomers to ""sell."" They took a sufficient amount - you have to really ask what they are looking for for that season for them to take it. Got a decent amount back - they do a 50% store credit or cash back. Their items are reasonably priced too. I'm pleased with this store and will continue bringing my daughter's gently used clothes here." Always helpful & good value. Thanks! -No attitudes or stuffy crowds here.  Just real people and mamas!"  but it's very organized and I did not feel claustrophobic like you can at some other places. The ladies were very helpful and also allowed me to bring in merchandise from another store so I could see if the tops I was purchasing went with it. They also have a bathroom easily accessible  toys and books and I like the closed-in area for littler ones. Their wish list is terrific and has helped multiple times. I rarely need to shop at a regular retail store because I almost always find what I need. Have saved a fortune over the years. Mindy Not impressive at all. I went in hoping to look for baby gear and there was not much merchandise. I am not a big fan of kid to kid or hissy fits but I would chose those stores over this place. I put my son in the kids area and the rug reeked of old gym socks and as I walked around I realized the entire store had a stench. Toys were in bad condition and I didn't even take a look at clothes because it couldn't handle the smell. I am a second time mom and have been on a budget since my first child so I know quality and a bargain this place has neither. I gave two stars because a few of the toys out front were worth looking at but that's it. Lots of cloths and toys to choose from and fairly priced. Gear is constantly changing." I have not consigned yet just been a frequent shopper. I am overall very happy and have nothing but great things to say about the location." In my rush to get to the Children's Museum I managed to forget to put shoes on my 1 year old (who does that?!). I'd stopped at another shop a few minutes before they closed and they were unwilling to let me get what I needed to avoid a disaster of an outing.  As I drove past the shop I saw they still had toys out and hoped they'd allow me in (even though at this point it was past closing time on a Friday).  They were so kind and I was able to find what I needed (and a couple of other things).  I don't know how big of a deal this was to the people there but it was MAJOR for my girls and me."  doors were locked at 430 in a Wednesday when their sign says 5. I will update this if they are ever open."  dress shirts and golf shirts. You can also trade in your old clothing for store credit or cash. The credit is good at any of the different stores in the My Sister's Closet chain Just thought to say something about two different things.  Ever gotten a gift card to someplace that is going to take you forever to find something you need to use it? The money you take in trade can be used at any of the stores of this group which includes women's and furniture and accessory stores.    Even better "Still a great place to shop and Jen is still there.  Good news-they are taking both summer and winter things now.  Usually when I am ready to clean out my closets uuLYxKdJW_jfty1jMtXxQw  polo dress shirts for $12. Just found a Bugatchi Uomo Italian dress shirt for $14 the other day (I'm sure normally like $80 or so). This is my favorite place to buy clothes What used to be one of my favorite places to shop and consign clothing has turned into a place where I only stop if I'm in the area and that's too bad." uuLYxKdJW_jfty1jMtXxQw  check it out. Good prices They didn't really have anything vintage or retro. The store was clean and well organized but lacking some fun pieces. I would recommend checking it out if you're in the area. Combine with a trip to Nordstrom Rack nearby and you should find some good clothes between the two."  especially since it sits right next to one of the most amazing Nordstrom Racks around!  I think there's a regular consignment shopper/trader who has my same size and taste in shoes  after it sells.  It's like a higher end garage sale.... you can find some really great stuff.  I recommend it for anyone who wants to sell there nicer stuff and get meaningful money back."  so I imagine their stock changes constantly. You're going to be paying higher prices than you would at garage sales or thrift stores The other thing that gets me is that they have 4 locations. This sucks. If your consignment I really don't want to shop four stores in three parts of the valley in for things. This is one time a large location like UFO on 16th  got it right  not the intake counter) on the Arizona Humane Society. I don't think any percentage of their proceeds actually go to the Humane Society. Another redeeming aspect  an older employee (possibly the store manager) said that he was NOT interested in the table.  I showed him my photos and pointed out the individual who had told me to deliver the table.  He basically said ""too bad"" and good bye.  I will never again attempt to utilize the ""services"" of My Sister's Attic."  and no one has ever acknowledged my existence. It seems like a lot of super dated pieces... thrift store finds at boutique prices. I've not ever enjoyed my experience there Thank you for your existence!!" dLBqf9QayF9eSUzz6BvmSQ  if you're looking. Customer service was good Ed some of my friends and neighbors to see if I was over reacting and all of them said the same thing. It was and is not a good business practice.  I will not be shopping there again.  I would have if they had just said ""no"" because I blew it by not measuring.  But taking advantage of a customer is to me is just ""unethical""" "If you are thinking of dropping off your items at this store DON'T DO IT! I had placed the same items on craigslist for seven pieces four of which were hand carved mango wood pieces. MSA priced the pieces at fire sale prices and when I received calls from people that really wanted the furniture at my prices Quality furniture and design pieces which are mostly worth the higher consignment pricing. Friendly staff! 8) Several weeks have passed. I have not heard a word.  I sent my saga to corporate twice and they never responded either."  they are very slow at evaluating and pricing the items that I was immediately handed a pick up slip and told that I would have to come back at 4PM for my cash (It was 11AM).  For an almost new "I can't believe there aren't 100 other reviews on here! This place was THE WORST! I will not return here nor will I reccomend it! I walked it with 2 bags full. I went to the back where there were 2 employees finishing up with another lady. I should've taken it as a hint when the lady said "" No I'll just take my stuff and sell it on Craigslist. I can get more out of it that way!"" I stayed to wait it out. Big mistake! The lady left with her stuff. The 2 employees didn't even acknowledge me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Instead they proceeded to talk crap about the lady that just left! Their exact words ""What makes them think we even care? Take it or leave it. I don't care"" Hello! I was standing there! They still didn't speak to me as I got up and left! Other mothers! You suck! Hire people who CARE....who WANT to work!!!!!!!! I went to Kid To Kid on Tatum & Thunderbird.....SO MUCH BETTER!"  toys are more.  The five is because the prices are the best for the selection and more so "I hate this store and the ONE on bell !!!!!!  They rip you off  I did go ONCE to the store off of greenway and also witnessed the women in the back (consignment area) trash talking a customer that they had an earlier conversation with. I love consignment shops for kids clothes  we had to look through a lot of WalMart clothing as well to find any upscale bargains."  you can find some designer stuff here... If you go to buffalo exchange it's basically paying department store prices EDIT: Management reached out to me with an apology  but still. And guess what I was given. 5 BUCKS! Talk about a slap in the face. That's probably what I paid in gas to drive from downtown to up there to drop the bag off. I don't think I've ever had a pleasant experience here. I have never bought from them You can always get store credit and you are able to use it at any of their resale shops 