My only complaint is the the restaurant is often very quiet and the wait staff is VERY quiet and reserved.  Still  the dessert was awful. I think the ""flan"" was agar agar with some applejuice and some brown rice syrup. It was WAY TOO SWEET and looked (and felt) just like snot. Totally non appetising - icky jellowish texture. Service was a bit slow..but I think they view it as ""laid back"". The atmosphere was lacking as well - bright lights  my friend ordered the House Special Dinosaur.  When the waiter gave a confused and funny look You must try it to believe it! I take all my friends vegetarian and meat eaters."  there were so many delicious looking options on their menu..." The only thing I hate about veggie house is that they are closed on Sunday and Monday!!! =(" My friend and I went to check this place out because we had heard so much about it. She ordered the lemon grass chicken and I tried the ginger duck. Both were so tasty and we were kinda freaked out because they tasted just like the real thing. The service was excellent and kudos for the waitress who kept filling up our waters...even AFTER we paid the bill. It's reasonably priced and the food portions are perfect. We even had leftovers." Anyone else want to donate some time to help spruce this place up (yes This place is a vegetarian mecca and a lot of the soy meat is gluten free which is a huge perk for people like me. The atmosphere could use some work but the food is good and it is priced well. They have fresh juices and a very healthy vibe. The service is always good and it is never super packed. If you have veggie friends that haven't discovered this place it is a gem. I just wish they delivered and had better hours  it is inexpensive. The atmosphere is a bit lacking 5 stars for infusing my food with positive energy.  I ate here years ago when it was the Veggie House. I need to go back and try this place again. The decor needs some help but the food is why I am there." This is predominantly Asian based PSA- they're closed from 2:30-5pm between lunch and dinner." Wished management would improve the atmosphere  but the lunch specials that I tried were good (and cheap).  The faux meats suffer from what the squishy sponge like texture that plague many asian vegan places.  The sweet and sour was drowning in sauce  I completely agree with Misty T. when she says don't try the desserts. They taste like glue and spit." "This place is awesome! I love it. The wait staff is very casual about everything (don't go if you are in a rush). The hot tea that they serve you is my favorite! The ""meat"" and ""seafood"" dishes could really make you worry that you are eating meat. The stuffed tomatoes are delicious as well as the sweet and sour pork I wish this place wasn't as high priced as it is but the food is definitely cravable and worth it." The food is fantastic.. who knew you could have so many crazy vegan substitutes for weird meats..  the atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired (the last time I was there there was a tv showing some sort of religious figure speaking for about an hour) but the food totally makes up for it. Free tea is always a really nice way to start a meal Definitely one of those spots one must try at least once."  you can phone in your order and they do a good job with takeout service if you are ever in the mood for takeout." and to see david.  he's the next best thing about veg house." The tea was good and the staff were helpful and quick.  The atmosphere very relaxing.  We really wanted to like this place The food is really good though order ahead and pick it up to go."  while a bit meager  -- 13 bite-sized pieces of deep-fried yumminess on a piece of lettuce -- was really tasty.  The rice paper rolls were uninspiring.  The chow mein was okay.  The brown rice was exceptionally good." _ODHYjCmrb3W9hIGJI1uaA Maybe someone will read this and open this place espcially for me so I can stuff my face and change my review to 5 stars Anyways I've always found it peaceful not creepy and find it excellent to calm and eat good food for good prices. My omnivore friend begs and pleads to go to this place whenever we're together which speaks volumes to the tastiness."  but I can't. We won't be going back unless they get a big overhaul."  though. Kind of a PITA to drive up only to find the place locked." Cult vibes + delicious lemongrass mock chicken. I try to avoid meat substitutes in general these days but Veggie House holds a special place in my heart. One star for the massive headache I got after I ate the food... MSG?  Not sure. I used to looooooooooove the Vegetarian House's Lemongrass chicken. Salty but absolutely hard to tell it wasn't meat. Great stuff. Hopefully The food is excellent!!!! Lemongrass chicken is by far my favorite dish. The fried rice is also delicious. I'd give it 5 stars but here are the drawbacks: odd hours (sometimes they're not even open when they should be by their own hours) and long service times despite an empty restaurant. The TVs are always playing bizarre stuff but interesting. All that is well worth the quality of the food though.  and two entrees the Lemongrass chicken was the only thing worthwhile. I'd go back for the lemongrass chicken but I'll probably do take-out next time."  the food here can't be beaten for freshness or for taste.  Highly recommended."  I choose to eat my lunch without a side of animal-slaughtering videos.  The best thing on the menu: Mu Shu Vegetable appetizer (so good!).  If you're willing to spend a little more  the food is still good although the menu is a bit tired - or I may just be tired of it. I should be thrilled with another vegan restaurant in the valley "Love love love love love this place! I was so impressed with their BBQ Baguette yesterday that I had to go back and see if it was a fluke since I usually can't stand faux meats. Today I had their house fried rice and it was also delicious. The best thing about LH is the fact that they sell their veg meats in the stores (along with some of their sauces and an interesting looking seasoning). So the BBQ veg protein I love so much  although I didn't really see anything offensive. The annoyance factor just increased because of the long time we had to wait for our entrees."  but have some really fun concoctions to drink. Try the ""Pink Lady"" or the delightful ""Sunny Forest."""  my sweet and sour faux pork is now labeled ""sweet and sour divine"" and has bell peppers that it never had before. Three strip soup has been taken off the menu completely (they did make it for me though :) I'm hoping it'll be better if I dine in next time  a yam based mock meat dish that looked like breaded shrimp.  It was very good!  Also got wonton soup which was just like the real thing...I recommend this place if you want a more Asian alternative to green!  Just ignore the strange videos of the guru playing...."  sweet and sour chick'n...it was SO GOOD. I told myself I wouldn't become a vegan fast food junkie but this place makes it hard to keep that promise. I came back today to try the Hawaiian burger and it was good. I might do without the pineapple next time...I know that's what's so Hawaiian about it! I just don't like baked fruit...freaks me out...  So with that said  but I usually get water because I'm poor and water is pretty delicious  the atmosphere intriguing; WTF is the supreme master? She's this righteous chick that loves baby animals and thinks vegan lifestyle rocks The only positive i can say is that the waitress was wonderful and very friendly. I feel bad writing a bad review  and I was proud to support them. Even though there was a TV streaming vegan propaganda in six languages We're looking forward to a return visit... and perhaps take-out on April Fool's Day  I'm up for trying everything once. I think if the atmosphere and service was better I would have actually liked the dining experience and the food more. If it was better inside We will probably go back again and try some different dishes. I wasn't a total fan of what I ordered."  flavorful and healthy. the fried rice wasn't bad but nothing special. Summer rolls and pan fried dumplings were good. Sage Lemongrass was too chewy and fried tasting "First time at the hut an I'm really impressed with the food! I had the summer roll to start and it blew me away with the flavors and textures it contained. Next came the Mongolian beef (minus the beef!) but it looked and tasted alot like beef. It was scrumptious! I can't wait to come back and try more things! It isnt much to look at inside or out  you may feel bombarded with propaganda upon entrance; fair warning."  but still makes you fresh-baked cookies when you come over. Let me tell you guys I am generally a meat fan. But I'm also an omnivore It's always really clean and the bathrooms are nice too." All the menu options are very affordable and our waitress was able to answer some questions and help us decide. We arrived when it was very slow but it was picking up quite a bit by the time we were done "The food tastes good.  It cost a little too much for the amount of food.  My husband always leaves hungry after ordering 2 entrees.  The faux meats are pretty good this restaurant is not wheelchair accessible. I have no idea how the food is because there are 2 steps and no ramp. But i can't justify even a half star for the  food. I guess it qualifies as being vegan Might be hard to pass up but it is right across from Chuy's  I'd rather not subject myself to that atmosphere much more than I'd like to try the soy protein fish.. which is somewhat disappointing  four stars for service) -- server took time to explain a number of items to my wife.  Biggest disappointment was that almost every dish included (or centered around) some sort of soy protein or tofu.  Hello!  There are tons of ways to be delicious vegan dishes that don't include the abomination (to me) that tofu is from a taste and mouthfeel standpoint.  Wife did not like her faux fish entree By the way if you like their mock chicken or shrimp (its made of yam and really good) you can find it in a package at LeiLei in Chandler."  to the interesting conversations I overheard...it all just makes me laugh...but the food is good and it's cheap. I mean I don't see myself following Supreme Master Ching Hai anytime soon Two must haves: Rainbow Salad and the Stuffed Tomatoes." I am not a vegan but love vegetables and would prefer to not eat meat most of the time. This place has the best spring rolls I have ever tasted. My sister-in-law is vegan and I went with her and she liked it too!  do not expect great service. Expect alright food The food was quite yummy I should say!"  but the staff are super friendly and food is good. just make sure to check their hours before heading over. CLOSED ON MONDAYS" Lemongrass chicken. MMMMMMM  and the lady who took our order was just too cute.  Definitely a favorite." One word of warning - If you are familiar with other Loving Huts: The menu is completely different. I have been to three of these restaurants now and have seen the menu range from Asian inspired to a more Mexican Vibe. This particular restaurant rocks an Asian/American feel. Additionally Everybody is nice prompt and courteous"  and topped with plenty of cilantro. The service is friendly and the atmosphere is relaxing with a wall of windows spreading soft light throughout the interior. I noticed that a few people have complained about the religious video (possibly Buddhism? Didn't pay much attention) playing on the widescreen. I say who cares  the food all vegan (that gets a star). I go there when I'm hungry and by myself- usually see a few people having a meal alone in there... Worth checking out if your vegan or at least foood conscience;) try the eggplant!  I subtracted a star because of the huge tv  but the food was terrible. I prefer healthy green vegan food rather than soy protein product and meat substitutes. The atmosphere is WEIRD! I'll never go back here." I will be here again! Fantastic! Highly recommend."  hearty and vegan!! Definitely a restaurant for food lovers. I thought Green was happening and prior to that I was Fresh Mint addict but this place takes the cake! I haven't eaten in yet because the decor is a bit dated but takeout is fast and fantastic only ever takes 10-15 min to get your order made so perfect spot to grab dinner on the way home. Great prices and large portion sizes! Best vegetarian restaurant in Phoenix!!" _ODHYjCmrb3W9hIGJI1uaA  Loving Hut bay-bee!**"  mostly fried tofu options instead of healthy vegan options. Atmosphere: felt like being recruited for a cult. The video playing on the tv was a very strange homage to the Supreme Master Next time I will definitely start with dessert.  I could see how you'd always end up too full after dinner Incredible! I have gone several times and everything was wonderful! "Yummy food and nice people. The Hawaiian burger is divine. Great choice for vegans and vegetarians I absolutely LOVED IT! The service there is good and so is the environment. A very lovely restaurant. I had the new york charm. It was DELICIOUS :) Freaking out a little. Just got finished eating there. Hairs in the food and I saw a cockroach crawl across the kitchen floor. At least if I get sick tonight I will know why! Weird white atmosphere We are so happy to have recently discovered Loving Hut...a real treasure!   The selections -which are many- are full of flavor and so very tasty!  Our server Linda was a true sweet heart and was very hospitable and welcoming.  The light and bright atmosphere of the place added to the wonderful experience we had.  Can't wait to go back!  but this one was manageable and DELICIOUS! It goes well with brown rice or the House Fried Rice. If you have time and room for dessert I say to eat and know you can live without animal protein....!" _ODHYjCmrb3W9hIGJI1uaA I wonder why they are not closed yet."  but I could eat here everyday!  Great quality and delicious. Very friendly staff!"  totally tasty. People are super friendly there and it has a nice clean fresh atmosphere. Even my meat-eating husband complimented the faux-meat dish he got. I wish they got more business though  this Loving Hut has become one of my all time favorite dining spots. Awesome vegan food that will please & satisfy veg*ns & omnivores alike." I ordered the Heaven Rice Rolls as an appetizer and the BBQ Noodles entre.  Both dishes infused fresh "I love this place. From the complimentary appetizer soup to their pan-fried dumplings to their many entre options to their iced Mumbai Tea I would love to go back and try something else. Also  hands down the best lemonade I've ever had. I tried the rice paper appetizer rolls which were pretty good. For lunch I had the ocean sandwich which was a great pick. My boyfriend had the loving burger and also said that was pretty good. I'd definitely come back if ever back in Scottsdale." I've been a vegetarian for over six years and this is the worst place I have ever been. I literally made a yelp account to give this place a bad review. Now that I actually have an account I will review more places. Usually I amforgiving when it comes to local places but I will never eat here again." There are better choices for vegetarian food in the valley  but I was in no rush. I got vegan Pho and it was the best I've ever had. If you want to leave off on a lightly sweet note Excellent vegan food. Very accommodating waitress Linda who adjusted the meal to our allergies and other requests. Loved the fried tofu. Quiet and pleasing atmosphere. May try their Thanksgiving meal I will be returning to this place  let alone a vegan!  Amazing meat substitutions and the flavors were delicious!  We got the Heaven rice rolls as a starter  etc.  Best meal I have had on such a restricted diet in a long time.  Loved the spring rolls "Not wheelchair accessible and no handicap parking spaces. Fail! We have contacted this business twice The milkshakes are very rich and either soy milk based or coconut milk based depending on the flavor. They have cakes and pies for dessert too but my favorite is a slice of the raw vegan cheesecake!" _ODHYjCmrb3W9hIGJI1uaA Just visited and waited over 30 minutes before being acknowledged by any of the waitstaff. Left before ordering and won't return. A shame as I was excited to try the food.  salads and soups too. I always bring non vegans there and they always love the food! Everything I've ever ordered has been so tasty!" Service was also great. I was seated immediately and my server was great with helping me to decide what to get. Definitely on my list to go back to next time I'm in Phoenix!" "ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS FOOD!! And it's all vegan! My goal is try everything on the menu. I've only had 4 dishes and one dessert so far but they've all been crazy tasty! Would recommend to everyone  even brought me out a ""birthday rice cake"" made from rice. It was adorable. Waited about 45 minutes though for my food I should have walked away without paying. The airheads ruined my one Sunday off I got in over month. I work in a restaurant and I know when service is completely shitty. This place has no redeeming qualities whatsoever."  three main courses and three desserts. The cost was what you would expect from a completely vegan restaurant of this caliber. The only con was the low lighting." "My son and I come in here at least once a month for their incredible pad thai and a slice of the strawberry cheesecake. Bringing a two year old anywhere is a recipe for disaster but the ladies here always remember us and tell me how cute my son is when he is being less than an angel. Like other reviewers mentioned  it's nice to have some local spots to enjoy vegan munchies. Loving Hut has nice staff and the menu is great. It's definitely an orient-vegan style restaurant  and surprisingly Vegan.  You can easily have a great experience here if you're not vegan.  Recommend the Pad Thai  and it is my family's favorite place to eat out in Phoenix. We have a family of 5 Very delicious vegan food with wonderful customer service to go along with it. "Yum yum yum! !!! It would be pretty easy to drive past this place as it's not your typical ""trendy"" neighborhood spot but WOW the food is great! I just finished my first dinner there and I already can't wait to go back. Moo shoo vegetables. Order them." "Tasty Vegan food that didn't make me visit the ""facilities"" for extended stretches. I'd go back - only hungrier this time." Outstanding!!!  I'm not even a vegan and I can't wait to eat here again.  but the food is quite good! And are very friendly... Makes any shortcomings worth it.  Wish there was one in South East Valley." "Excellent food! Very interesting items and of course an awesome place for vegetarians. The ambience is as per the name of the restaurant "I love this place! My favorite is the Banh Mi Philly Can't wait to come back and try more of what they have to offer!" if you're feeling a little under the weather or just want something warm This is mine and my husband's favorite vegan restaurant in Phoenix. The portions are big and its affordable. I like everything from here and my favorite desert is the raw vegan cheesecake!  the spicy cha cha shrimp (you will be amazed at how similar it tastes to real shrimp) and the sweat and sour divine (my favorite orange chicken tasting dish ever!)"  and also the banh mi with fries.  They also gave me a complimentary cup of lentil soup because they do that during lunch.  The lentil soup tasted fine too and it was nice that it came out first because I was cold.  The wonton soup was good "Mmmmm. Boyfriend took me here after work. I got the pad Thai. So yummy. Highly recommend. Staff is sweet The service can be slow but the food is worth the wait!! The Spicy ChaCha should not be missed!!  they are all locally owned and the menus are different at each location. This particular location has wonderful dishes and desserts. The service is a little slow  it's DELICIOUS!!!!!! I had their pad thai it was so darn good :) I'm definitely coming back to this spot."  but the Indian School location is clearly the best!  Make sure you try the Stuffed Tomatoes if they have them on the menu."  go to Loving Hut in Tempe (near ASU). It's just a bit down the south. I love all the staff members there including the owner. They are all ""extremely"" nice. We were very very impressed with their service. They changed the orders according to our requests (replaced soy protein with tofu  but my other friends had already completely finished their meals before mine even arrived and then we paid the ridiculous prices for it all. I'm so disappointed with the service even though the food was great. I will not be returning to this location at all."  whereas an entree may arrive before an appetizer.  We were fine with that and happily ordered away.  Appetizers we chose were the Summer Rolls and Mu Shu Vegetables...for main courses we ordered the Wonton Soup and the Loving Hut burger...wanting extra veggies we also ordered the Veggie Delight entree. We were enjoying the atmosphere and the pleasant staff so much that we didn't even notice how long it took to start receiving our food  I love you. I have been enjoying this restaurant for over 15 years (formerly the Vegetarian House). Years later I see familiar faces still working there I WILL be back to try some more of their meatless creations!" "I am glad this location is just a stone throw away from me. The food and service here is great but could improve. Ordered pad thai which comes with Tofu but wasn't included Great food and service! Wait staff was great! Would highly recommend everyone give them a try. "I love this place! Not sure why there would be any negative reviews on here. I am a vegan and have tried many vegan restaurants and I have to say that Loving Hut ranks with some of the best!! Great quality  though I wish it had been a little less salty. The staff was very nice. They're part of a weird religious movement  then she refunded my boyfriends' card for the $12. We still left a good tip since it appeared to be just a mistake." Recently turned vegetarian thanks to places like this that showed me delicious healthy food.  Their yam protein Tastes and felt like shrimp.  Even had that tail which was Edible. Needless to say we won't be back." Small place and took a while for carry out but worth it!!" Very very good veggie/vegan option in phoenix. Amazing fake shrimp made from yam protein. Tried this place for the first time today! What can I say?! INCREDIBLE! You just have to try it to find out how great it is! Always take my out of town guests here!"  I was impressed with the majority of the food and their wildly extensive menu and will definitely be back!"  friendly and helpful. While waiting for our orders she checked back with us frequently. As for my son (the meat eater) he really enjoyed the food as well. Great job ""Loving Hut""!" _ODHYjCmrb3W9hIGJI1uaA Under staffed! Took them over  one hour to bring our food! Sad to see such a good place to go down :( Best meat that is made from plants in town. I took a friend of mine who had lived in Thailand for eight years and married a woman from Thailand.  He was impressed with their beef noodles.  He said that he would not have guessed. The cuisine is Oriental and pretty darn tasty at an honest price.  Their cheeseburger is a cheeseburger - except it is vegan. Try it. Your mouth will love it. I like the clay pot too. 