I have never been here during the daytime so I can't comment on that.  Always great service when we came here for dinner and the music (since we were basically the only ones there).  Sometimes a minimal cover for the music.  There are books and comfy couches for the daytime coffee drinkers."  I really do love Quiet Storm and I will be sure I hit it up next time I'm in town visiting my friends there. The decor is adorable. The prices are reasonable. It was an intimate place to see a show and it's too bad they are no longer doing them here. I really feel like this place was one of the first things that made me heart Pittsburgh. It's truly a unique space."  fantastic theme brunches that show off the creativity and chops of the cooks here in a way that the regular menu can only hint at.  Check out their website and see when the next theme brunch is "I like the Quiet Storm because it offers food as well as drinks.  The spinach artichoke dip and white pita pizza is good.  I never had a Chai Milkshake until I went to the quiet storm.  If you can deal with East End ""urbanites"" then I would suggest trying it out  yet cozy.  And you won't find a radder floor in Pittsburgh.  The employees are super nice." My only complaint is regarding the vegan milkshakes. Sorbet does not a milkshake make." And then go inside and have some delicious food and drink."  so I haven't tried too much on it. But everything looks amazing. Quiet Storm is one of those places that doesn't do a wide variety of things PzG0XmAmtXFs6Fdnubf41g  but they are so inconsistent you never know what you are going to get.  The coffee machine looks like it hasn't been cleaned in the last century which is off putting.  Generally Okay there was one decent thing on the menu which was the artichoke dip. I was completely disappointed." Solid Milkshakes and Falafel - block from my house  but not slow.  I look forward to at least one chill breakfast here on my trips to the 'Burgh to visit friends and such." If you have plenty of time to kill & self-esteem strong enough to weather the whithering glances of the hipper set of pgh's east end  but delicious. There were plenty of menu options and it looks like this restaurant is really doing it's part to support the local community. The only complaint I would have was that the temperature also got a bit cold as we were sitting by the door... and it was winter. Finally  this doubles as a coffee shop (lacks some coffee shop seating) and the hot drinks are solid.  Check out the milkshakes!" "CASH ONLY!!!  What a pleasant surprise!  I went here for the first time last night and wasn't sure what to expect when i walked in.  The place seems to have some spacial issues.  There was a bar but they don't serve alcohol  they also have daily specials and themed brunches. I can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu. It's great to have a full-service restaurant where you can get oodles of vegetarian items."  my lunch cost me $17--ouch! I did have half of the wrap leftover and ate it later as a salad with my own dressing. It was quite good that way and I might recommend that QS rethink the Gyro presentation if they want to continue using so much lettuce." The Gyro wrap is amazing.  if you're in Pittsburgh and feel a little lost... go to Zenith and Quiet Storm  unique atmosphere (hippie   indy   hipster   whatever these kids are calling it these days). Interesting  as it was morethan enough to hold me through until dinner. (I agree with the comment I saw that stated that this would be a perfect place for a hungover posse!)"  but that my meat-eating boyfriend is happy too.  Food is a little pricey and if you get more than an entree and coffee it's easy to quickly rack up quite a bill for such a modest seeming place.  My only real complaint is the inconsistency of the service.  It's totally hit or miss.  I've never felt targeted with ""attitude  like 5 minutes and everything was fresh and great. Did I mention this also came with soup? I paid $13 total for my meal and a cold chai. Could not ask for more. My only and I mean only complaint is that they only serve lunch at lunch time  but I cannot stand to go there. Desperate times now call for toast and tea served by the sad server that resides within my depressed little dining room." I look forward to many additional trips during my extended stay in Pittsburgh." And it does a pretty fucking good job of it."  lasagna.  They have a pretty decent variety." I wouldn't care so much about how much of a tease this place is if I didn't REALLY desire a comfortable neighborhood place to eat comfortable food with a comfortable view of a cute waitress who writes fiction. And it frustrates me that few others seem to recognize the culinary (I shutter at even calling it that) mediocrity of ""the best"" vegetarian restaurant Pittsburgh has to offer." PzG0XmAmtXFs6Fdnubf41g R5IxGBQ_eayvkVkErG4rQQ  the servers although friendly can  sometimes be a touch ""hippie-elitest"".  the food was alright.  their homefries were quite tasty but little else has tantalized my taste buds and i have tried many things.  i do love their thai dressing  inviting. My favorite eats are the soups and the pile-o-hashbrowns (think haystack without the artery clogging gravy)." OMG chocolate espresso milkshake MMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmm  AND i got to use the wifi there for a couple hours on a Sunday morning with no nasty looks from the staff (it was crowded but no line).  Totally worth any effort it takes to get there (seemed to be in the middle of nowhere I really wish they would put a lil' more effort into customer service!" On cold wintery days try a Mexican Hot Chocolate - it will surely warm your heart!" Stopped in as I was driving through Pittsburgh. Had an awesome bagel sandwich and some tasty vegan pastries. Very cute atmosphere. Totally sold me on Pittsburgh.  since I'd consider the prices ($11 for brunch entrees) here to be mid-range and not ultra-cheap.  Still I've been going here very regularly since 2002 and they've been getting better and better.   It evolved from a coffee house & music space to a straight up restaurant.    They catered my wedding and my yinzer family liked it despite there being no meat. "I make a point to visit this restaurant every time I'm in town. I'm a mostly-vegan vegetarian who has been living in the San Francisco Bay Area for over 17 years PzG0XmAmtXFs6Fdnubf41g  I want to love you. But you broke my heart."  like the Black & Gold. I like that in some dishes you can replace rice with salad. A lot of people I've eaten with here have raved about the quesadillas. There's a nice laid back atmosphere and fun retro diner decor. There's also an extensive (but expensive) drinks menu with milkshakes The salsa that came with my sandwich is some of the best salsa I've ever had  which is a tofu scramble mixed with home fries and seisage which was absolutely delicious. She also got a side of spicy aioli which went extremely well with the breakfast dish. The service was prompt and they just left pitchers of water on the table for us which was great. Always a great choice for meat-eaters and veggie's alike. If you go with a large group though  I think they should be expecting yet another regular in the very near future."  but they've come at expense to the clientele. Here's hoping Quiet Storm rediscovers the mojo (and the menu) that once made them great." what a bonkers menu!  delicious and lots of fun.  the service was fantastic.   we ate here on a visit from NYC and had two very unusual and delicious vegan burritos... then stayed for tea.  loved it! "The menu looks awesome and the dish concepts are good except everything that comes out is disappointingly bland. Thank god there were bottles of hot sauce and salt on the table. The best part of the meal was the peanut butter chocolate milk shake. The burger and ""spicy"" Cajun soup were very mediocre."  the service is awful. It's as if they're doing you a favor by waiting on you. I think their breakfasts are pretty good and their lentil loaf is good but usually your sides consist of yellow nacho chips with brown jalopeno slaw. Also  the company was even better. I ordered the home-fries with tofu and cheese. They were extraordinary. The tunes being dj'd by the barista didn't hurt either. I definitely dig this place!" Next Sunday we'll go back earlier when the kitchen is open  Binge! http:  eatinginpittsburgh.com 2010 07 07 ive-got-an-itch-for-kitsch-quiet-storm-in-bloomfield "  cheap place to get your vegetarian vegan eat on.  Brunch is always nice and the specialty coffee drinks are fun to look through  and makes me wonder when The Quiet Storm will be getting a liquor license...the answer  Oregon... the atmosphere in this place is very Portland. Outdoorsy hipster cafe style. It's loud  both were served with chips.  Everything was great.  If I had any complaint it would be that I didn't see on the menu that my cheese steak had mayo on it.  I'm not a big fan of it  but not quickly accessible from either. It has to be a pre-determined destination rather than a drop in for random passersby. But that might just be OK." It also was a little sad that the pita I paid $1 for was so small (and not included with something like a curry plate already). The slaw had a slightly strange chemical taste but was still good enough to eat due to how fresh the vegetables were [and I didn't really order it "Daniel Fast friendly restaurant with good food. Stopped for an early supper before Saturday night church service after searching Yelp for vegan restaurant options. Food was good  we'd been completely finished with our meal for at least 15 minutes. For $4 (and probably a ridiculous wait) per milkshake  but the patty on the roll was just as perplexing as the ""mystery meat"" you get in your elementary school cafeteria. My sandwich came with a boring pasta salad and some tortilla chips out of a bag.  Otherwise the atmosphere was fun PzG0XmAmtXFs6Fdnubf41g  the QS is a good spot for vegan vegetarian fare."  nay ominously spacey.  Even when it wasn't crowded there had to be some substantial flag downs and polite and doleful eye contact before they would do what you needed.  If you're in the area and looking for...this type of thing I wish we lived closer to this place. They had the most amazing French toast (stuffed with apple butter and cream cheese) I've ever had.  but I guess it has to be when they have the audacity to charge $9 for a sandwich that cuts your mouth open. I think the owners hate having a business and are attempting to run it into the ground because they are not accommodating to vegans. Substituting real cheese for faux cheese is just too taxing for these world class chefs. I would recommend this for people who enjoy not finishing their meals." The only issue I have had is with service. On a particularly crowded Sunday I asked twice for a coffee refill and the waiter never filled my cup  Quiet Storm goes out of their way to use local products and makes quite a few of their products in-house.  That's always a good thing especially when the results are tasty and relatively affordable."  some pretty blah scrambled eggs and a large glass of cranberry juice (very healthy!). Overall  I'd probably go 4 stars.   I still plan to come back and give it another shot." I've never gotten something I didn't like. I'm a vegan and my favorite thing about this place is that it's not what most people would typically think of as veg. food. It's comfort food at its best...big yummy burritos...scrambles...drool inducing drink selection. Its got a really cool vibe and the prices aren't bad. Only complaint (if any) is that several of the servers seem a little zonked out...like they don't really give a shit. But whatever  the place did not look clean to me--I won't be back because of that."  the recent menu and more importantly price changes have made this go from a regular weekend brunch place to only a special-occasion place. The menu went from 2 pages to just 1 (still good food though - try the grits!) and the prices went up to $12-ish before tax. It's not completely unreasonable Cool funky space with low key music & friendly waitresses with plenty of tats"  I will not be coming back to this place."  intrigued by a few other things on the menu (like bbq tenders and pulled 'pork' quesadilla)  we just really liked the atmosphere. Sitting there in their mismatched Will return again and again I am sure." PzG0XmAmtXFs6Fdnubf41g  hipster service isn't going to walk up to you all bubbly and smiley and be super cheesy to you. But the employees are chill  but the food was just lacking in flavor so much that it's really deterred us from going back."  and chewy. Hubby got a country burrito that was much better in comparison to my plate... But that might have been due to the fact that his whole plate was doused in gravy. Anything will taste better drenched in gravy. We think the gravy tastes like the powdered packet kind where you just add water. On top of all this service wasn't the greatest. I had to fish around for my own ketchup and they didn't even bother to ask me what kind of toast (3 options on the menu)I wanted when I ordered the toast option for my meal. Then they didn't bother to ask hubby if he wanted anything to drink after he had picked one of the $12 entrees that come with coffee or juice. We had to tell someone else to get it for us. Also they don't really wash their cups. There are 2 sink basins at the front where they just dunk the cups in one soapy basin then dunk the cups in a second water basin and then stack them next to the sink. It made me not want to drink my water even though I was thirsty. Good idea  because of the bad service we were receiving. We used to call the servers ""Whole Foods Rejects""; they were always cranky and we felt not welcomed Artsy little alternative cafe diner with good food and nice wait staff.  but I would definitely come back. I can't eat dairy and love that the vegan options give me a lot more to choose from than the usual brunch place." "I decided to grab dinner on a Saturday night at Quiet Storm. It wasn't packed so I grabbed a seat at the bar. I ordered their Graham Street Tofu sandwich with their 'chorizo' soup and a shampoo soda. The Graham Street Tofu sandwich and soup were very good but the shampoo soda was interesting to say the least and wouldn't order it again. I was nervous I wouldn't get good service after reading some of the reviews but the waiter was friendly and checked in at the right times. I would definitely come back to Quiet Storm since they've got me curious about their other dishes. I also like the laid back vibe of the place Glad to see this spot still around when I visit back home." The absolute best part is that they're always crowded but there's almost never a wait when we go 6 stars. No. 7 stars."  I'm able to do this just would have been nice if asked by server if we needed one." I'm not from the area but I try to stop in every time I'm traveling through. So many great veg options and great drinks." PzG0XmAmtXFs6Fdnubf41g  but this place was awesome. I had been scoping it out for weeks when driving by. Finally I met someone there for lunch. Wifi. Check! Unique and Awesome Milkshakes? Cheeeeck. Tasty awesome foodies. Double Check. I was quite pleased with my experience and I can't wait to go back." The restaurant is just down the street from the Children's Hospital and I'm just really glad my fiancee found this place so I could eat safely without worry."  the tiles and that's how we like it! Lots of delicious vegan items. Definitely a good place to try new things. Good coffee too!"  this place is fantastic for veg food  and sweet Nyam (corn and coconut spiced pudding cake with banana and sweet potatoes). We started with the vegan nachos which were super tasty. Friendly staff and kid friendly "I've found the service here to be pretty terrible. Servers can be pretty careless about taking care of simple things and my friends have had similar experiences. The food is really pretty good  but it's super friendly and retro-feeling.  Servers were fairly friendly.  We had some great lattes and chai teas and chatted for a long time without being bothered.  Didn't try the food Great cafe for brunch and coffee. Lots of vegetarian options and nice atmosphere. Come check out the place if you're in the area and would like to try some healthy foods. Was here for some brunch with friends and our food did take a while to make it to the table but everyone enjoyed their meal. If you come too late during the evenings for dinner the food options are less then what's on the menu.  but this kid actually threw me to straight up hating it.  If you're vegan and have literally no other options... then I guess you're going here.  If both of those conditions aren't true  I am subtracting a star because they aren't all veg.  Anyplace selling eggs dairy and flesh isn't perfect for me.  I'de probably really call this 3.5 stars."  I often add it to my burrito. It's best on the nachos. For around $13 you can get a delicious filling breakfast brunch coffee tea included. They also have great pastries & dairy free coffee drinks & milkshakes! It's a vegan dream come true. It does get a little crowded during Saturday mornings so expect a wait I was also intrigued by some of the other items on the menu  but I would have to say the country burrito is the best. Amazing. Good people It's such a nice environment and the waitstaff is funny and friendly. I go here fairly often and would love to go even more!"  can someone get me a heat pack a few dozen Midol?) Too bad I won't be back in Pittsburgh anytime soon The service was pretty fast and friendly as well so remember to tip well!"  the owner was seriously rude to me and my fellow guests when we asked to split a check (which they state on the menu is allowed).  Not even passive aggressive- straight up aggressive for something that was not our fault.  so that was a sour end to my experience at Quiet Storm. but my belly was satisfied."  just a snarky remark ""well you can see we have a small kitchen""" All in all this was a good experience! I think this is my new favorite place."  I'd been hoping to be utterly wowed by the magic capable of being worked by nothing more than mere vegetables  0 out of 10.  The food came and my dish was probably an 8 out of 10 in terms of spicy-ness.  I could barely eat it as could others at my table.  Eventually I gave up trying to finish it.  I could have asked for a replacement but I chose not to but Im certain they would of fixed it for me if I had.  But other than this instant I've found the food fresh and well cooked."  I gave it five stars. YMMV."  I very much enjoyed the wide range of options. I always feel spoiled when I have actual choices. The food was very good and I will definitely go back again. It is not really exceptional ... I did not have a 'how did they do that?' moment. Someday veggie-vegan restaurants will not have to make food that looks like omnivore grub You may also want to nudge the servers a little more than you usually would I always love going here for some quality vegetarian fare. "Our favorite place to go for chocolate peanut butter soy milkshakes. We've been for breakfast  but there are some unique items as well.  Loved the homemade salsa.  Best I've had since we visited the atomic eggplant in Rochester years ago.  I simply love vegan food and knowing I'm supporting an ethical business.  Our server was really helpful and very attentive I have been to plenty of vegetarian restaurants in my travels and Quiet Storm does not even come close to the top 10. I think Pittsburgh deserves better." Service: Everyone is super friendly. It seems like they work there because they also like the food and atmosphere A nice plus is it's a great environment to eat and work. Free WiFi and nice big tables to work on. Plus  and each time there is an issue. The waitstaff usually seems confused and doesn't appear to care about the customer very much. There has never been a time where I've eaten there and had my order come out correctly. It's either wrong  as well as some creative choices. Their coffee and milkshake selection is pretty extensive too."  but this place might convince me to switch over. Had a few breakfast options and was blown away by the Greek plate and the QTF. Excellent coffee too."  cilantro and it was much heavier but the bread was good and all in all it was a delicious sandwich. We also had the flower salad which comes with a heavy dose of kale and smoked tempeh. Really really good with the peanut dressing! Tempeh is soft and very flavorful. Will get again. Found out that they are closing  moving to an unspecified location next week so we hope that they will be there on our next trip through Pittsburgh!"  you may have to be a young twenty something hipster college student to enjoy it  but they serve food I would categorize as middle eastern as well - hummus and others.  I enjoy a good biryani I'm not the hugest fan of Indian food but if I had to eat it this is where I would go. They also have a few other dishes besides Indian which is nice. The food tends to be spicey and pretty authentic!  A lot of what they offer is geared toward the vegetarian crowd. Tip! Check in the back of the Yellow Book for a 50% off your entree coupon when you purchase one entree at full price." 