 I couldn't believe how friendly and caring they all were. We went into the exam room with doctor Tierney Kelley and a vet asst Sam. They were the best. So gentle and caring. They did not pressure us into any procedures that my cat did not need. They worked hard So we didn't have to leave him over night. This was by far the best veterinarian I have gone to in all my years as a pet owner. This has all become a racket for making money. Doctors don't care about the animals in 90% of the places you go  each in their own strengths.  I recently had to have my beloved dog euthanized due to a tumor growing on his hip.  Dr. Mann was very sensitive and caring to my feelings of loss.  He offered to make a clay paw print from my dog after he passed.  He went above and beyond to make sure he had a peaceful passing with me by his side.  Thank you for allowing me that experience Thankyou Greentree Animal Clinic for setting the bar where it should be for all Veterinary Care Facilities."  who was seen here since his puppyhood and who was dying. I called to make an appointment to have him put down because he was in great pain. The receptionist would not give me an appointment until one week later Three months ago I brought my 13 yr old golden retriever to this clinic for an ear problem. It was diagnosed and treated.  Shortly after returning home she started to cough and gag like.  I watched her for a couple hours do this and then called the vet to see if maybe she was having an allergic reaction to the medicine they gave her.  She was very uncomfortable.  I asked if they though she needed to come back to the office.  The dr told me that it sounded like she was overheated and to put cold towels on her.  I told him that I didn't think that was the problem because she hadn't been out.  At this point they were open and would be for another hour.   Two hours later I was at a vet hospital with them telling me she is suffering from a heart problem and that they really couldn't do anything for her.  WHAT?!?!  So I found myself having to put her down.  Fast forward to now.  I have a 14 wk puppy that has blood in its stool. They have not seen her yet. I bring in a sample.  Wait 24 hrs.  They leave a message that it's positive and to call for an appt.  I call. She has to wait 4 days to be seen.  WHAT?!?!?   Obviously my pups are out of there for good!  Thanks Greentree for caring for my animals...  Absolutely the worst care in all my experience with vets!! "I took my sick cat here and they charged me $$$$ for blood work and then never called me with results. I had to chase down the results and finally spoke to a different vet than the one who examined my cat. He said my cat ""absolutely did not have hyperthyroid"". They said my cat's problems were behavioral and were rude and dismissive of my concerns. I finally took my cat to another vet who diagnosed him with hyperthyroidism. I'm trying medication now and I hope the illness hasn't progressed too far. Otherwise I'll have to have him put to sleep. Don't take your cat here." UPDATE: Every single time we have gone to this place we have been satisfied. Seen quickly and gotten great care for our pets. Dr. Lasota is wonderful! We won't ever be going anywhere else if we can help it!" The only thing that made it didn't earn a five-star is that my appointment is at 12:15pm.  The entire office have their lunch at 1pm.  So I can tell there was alot of hustle to get me out of their asap.  I don't mind that it was a quick visit I took my dog to another vet where they told me about the slab fracture  but as dog breeders let me say - we love this place!  We've heard some bad things from several acquaintances and counldn't believe our ears...Dr. Bezak is great and the staff is really friendly and helpful." I only allow my dogs to go to Dr. Bezak. I've had a couple Chow Chow's who a lot of vets are afraid of. Doc had a Chow himself so knew what to look out for in the breed. He has taken good care of them over the years.  it's hard to find a place that won't break the bank while providing proper care for your dog.  Dr. Bigger has been great and I would certainly recommend Avalon Vet to any local pet lover." "They kept trying to staple my poor dogs infected wound. After taking her to another vet  wrapped in a blanket since his collar would have been over an open wound...But they generally enforce the cage leash policy for the safety of all animals.  There is a small parking lot next to the clinic or you can usually park pretty easily on the cross-street."  and the exam rooms are only divided by curtains (no doors).  Sometimes my cat gets pretty stressed if a dog is in the room next to him."  but my cat shudders and shakes in his cage and I am unable to hold him and comfort him. You try holding a scared cat in a room full of dogs. I won't be returning to AVH." "If I could give Dr. Bigger 10 stars I would! He makes that hospital. If this review was on Dr. Moore I would give it a minus 10....he is terribly rude. I am moving back to Sewickley and will plan to use Dr. Bigger for sure. He is the best vet I have ever experienced...so detailed  to paint a completely different picture than what they are." My puppy was admitted here 6 days ago. In very poor shape. I was scared he wasn't going to make it. And being it was my 4 yr Olds new dog made things a bit harder on us. They called 2-3 days a day with updates and did everything they could to help renegade and to also make me feel better. 6 days later my puppy came home and is still in recovery. But doing alot better.i can't thank there entire staff enough for saving my dog.!! Will continue to take my dogs there and recommend them to everyone I know! Special thanks to Dr v and Lenny ! "The only vet I will use from now on! The staff is amazing! From the receptionist to the vet. It really does take a team to provide great service. I was bringing my cat in as a new patient with concerns about his back leg. They fit me in the next day! I called them at 4:30 pm on Monday and they had me in Tuesday at 5:30! This alone was amazing on account that the vet I use to take him to never returned my calls. The vet (Kouch I maybe spelling that wrong) was so patient with my not so happy cat. She diagnosed the issue. It was his poor back. They filled a prescription  she was in good  health and didn't need to be seen. Regardless she had been seen there at least 5 times since 2008.  That was who we considered our vet.  She then insisted my dog HAD been euthanized there (SHE WAS NOT ) and asked me to change or remove my Yelp review even though I had asked her to please stop contacting me because I didn't want to have to emotionally relive this HORRIFIC experience every time she contacted me.  I am not changing my review nor am I removing it.  This review was the truth of what happened. So if that gives you a little more insight into how this business is run  because she needed a sonogram and they don't have that equipment.  It was obvious that someone needed to look inside the dog to see what was the matter!   Did the vet not know what she was doing or did she do the uneccesary tests to make money?  Either way the result was the same.  Please I want to save someone from the awful pain of what has happened to me." "Unfortunately Dr. Ann's response to my review is not an accurate account of what occurred.  It amazes me that after the fact people justify their actions.  I'm wondering why you recommended sending Abby home with an iv?  My father had to ask where to take Abby so she could get the care she needed.  Only then  despite the fact that we'd never been there before. The receptionist even explained what prices to expect  the Point Breeze Veterinary Clinic either had it in stock or was able to have it available by the next day."  with rabies vaccines for two cats  distinguished hound  for a check up and meds for worms and they were so kind and gentle. They truly love animals here and are willing to work with you if you have payment issues as well. They always seem to have an opening on the same day when I call It seems a bit expensive (although I have no other point of comparison) but the service is well worth it."  this was a negative experience. I recommend that you take your pets to another vet :(" "It seems like every other time I take my pets to Point Breeze there is an unnecessary frustration.   From being berating for using their online prescription program to being misquoted prices substantially to poor customer service I just keep hoping each time will be better.  Although I know they love animals I suspect they love money more.  Dr. Caroline. Simard is an excellent vet  for cremation cause I had not been to the clinic previously. IMHO that's ridiculous. I will not recommended anyone to ever come here."  I took her to AVETS and all they wanted to do was cut her open (I was not gonna go that route). She was very sick one night so I was frantically searching for a  2nd opinion. My husband and I showed up on their doorstep just as they opened and I was desperate to have her evaluated by a fresh pair of eyes. The first person we encountered was so sweet and I could tell she really wanted to help us and god bless her she got us right in (thank you) and I am sorry I never got your name. We saw Dr.Simard who is amazing This place is great.  I have been taking all of our dogs (five over the years) to them and have nothing but admiration for them.  The service is always prompt and caring.  I highly recommend them. We were really disappointed to leave this place behind when we moved away from Pittsburgh. They are top-notch."  and the staff never failed to get me an appointment when I called first thing in the morning after a night up with my dog having breathing problems. The staff always remembered me and my dog when I called or came in  or money to return. It is unfortunate." I highly recommend taking your pet to Point Breeze. They are honest  kindness and respect. Dr. Schroth saw my latest two cats through their final illnesses. She was incredibly empathetic. I felt very comfortable asking her questions. The front office staff is also great. I can't say enough good things about this place." I hope you replace Barb with a women with a heart. I now have to look for a new office because I am not allowed to go back because I accidentally got an appointment time mixed up. Karma is coming for you BARB! I"  very nice. Our Tech was Chris who was absolutely outstanding. When the doctor arrived in the room she was greeted buy Bella with hugs and kisses. They answered all my questions and concerns regarding our daughter. Absolutely best vet visit ever. I would definitely definitely recommend this place to all my friends and family who have fur babies like my partner and I."  they even gave me the records without hesitation.  This office is great.  I will definitely return when I am in the area."  casual environment. Exams for a rat were around $60 with medicine and so forth... I can't remember the specific prices Furry and non furry friends should feel comfortable coming here!" No matter where you live in the city I was very apprehensive about changing vets after 10+ years and only did so due to relocation from out of state. I have to say Dr Dorn and his staff provide wonderful and affordable care. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for pet care!  and its fantastic staff have never disappointed and have always done what's right for my beloved pets. I admittedly hope that I don't need to be back any time soon "They're very honest and reasonably priced here. They always treat my dog like she's family. I love how ""mom and pop"" it feels here. One time I was there for a late appointment on a winter night and one of the employees went and cleaned the snow off of everyone's cars. They truly hire caring people there!" I took my dog here today and everyone was very nice. The vet was great. Also affordable. we'll definitely be back!" Doctor Dorian is so awesome with our birds. He was also great with my cousins dog! I would suggest west Liberty animal hospital to anyone with a pet that they love dearly! Every one there is so nice and cares for your pet as if it was their own!  suddenly got ill.  The staff was very kind and caring even when the diagnosis was not positive.  They gave us as much time as we needed to stay with Levi and were sympathetic." "Have been a patron of Penn animal hospital my whole life. Can remember going with my parents to get our cat and dog shots I love Penn Animal Hospital. The vetinarians and the staff are all extremely caring of my 3 dogs. When we are waiting different staff members come to visit them in the examination rooms. I was there today because 2 of my dogs are ill... They have a cold cough kind of thing. The vet was very caring with my dogs especially because my chihuahua was nervous. He prescribed them an antibiotic and a cough suppressant. Everyone was so nice with us. I just can't say enough good things about this place. They are also very reasonably priced! I have to disagree with one of the yelpers. While they do not have electronic records (still paper and pen) they do annotate everything.  I do keep my own records as well...but there was a time that I needed to board my dog and I couldn't find my paperwork. I called Penn Animal and they faxed the documentation to me at work. So yes they do have a fax machine. I do worry about if there is a fire or flood...the records would be lost. But will this stop me from going here? Absolutely not."  I found a stray cat on my running trail.  I was finally able to trap her and needed to get her spayed.  Every other vet required you to have an appointment.  I didn't know what to do and a friend recommended Penn Animal Hospital because they allow walk-in appointments.  I took her in and they did the surgery.  It was winter time and they were worried about me releasing her so they kept her there for over a week to rest and heal without having to be out in the frigid temperatures.  I went to check on her every day and her cage was perfectly clean I would highly recommend this place for any pet issues."  I was rudely notified that they don't do walk-ins on a Saturday. The only other person at the front desk could ""not remember a thing"". Very unprofessional. This is the last time I try this unclean and rude establishment."  personally. One time I brought a cat in and he said the cat was ""tested positive for feline aids and needed euthanized."" I took the cat to another vet in Pt. Breeze and the cat was tested and was negative. The cat was treated for a respiratory infection without issue and sent home with me. This Dr. was Dr. Staub. He was a young Doctor. I was young at the time and always regretted never doing anything to turn this doctor into authorities. There was no internet at the time. But Went here for a check up with my two french bulldogs for their annuals and heartworm test. The doctor was very nice. Once of my dogs had an ear infection and he gave us the medicine and showed us how to use it. He answered all of our 238489 questions and we barely had to wait when we arrived at 10:15am on a Friday morning.  without telling me what they even were. It was her first time at a vet so clearly she was anxious and he just held her head and back down to the table and didn't even think about how he was hurting her. She was yelping and so afraid and I wanted to take his hand off of the back of her head ""Just get me home momma!"""  the experience here has always been worth every penny. The peace of mind that comes from knowing you are doing the best by your pet is priceless to me. Cats don't have voices and cats can't make their own decisions about their health."  East End or Big Easy have yielded more positive experiences.  Cat Clinic is fine  I went there. I waited 40 minutes past my appointment time and I didn't appreciate Dr. Bebko's ""doom and gloom"" comments. I won't be returning if I can help it."  they seem to be relatively polite. The prices are definitely a bit higher than other vets I've seen  and he did it with a smile.  He solved a life-long issue of inappropriate peeing and explained everything thoroughly and thoughtfully along the way.  Dr. Bebko clearly cares about each of his patients and explores options other than just medicating.  A little pricey for the Pittsburgh area "Dr. Bebko couldn't be more dedicated or gentle with every patient brought to him.  During examinations he closes his eyes totally immersed in the being of the pet thereby easing their anxiety.  Some people complain about the cost which is a bit more than the Humane Society...but you get what you pay for.  If you really love your cat and want the very best   I was told that those were the rules of the clinic and that there were no exceptions.  I asked about late hours but the latest appointment is at 6 PM.  I work until 6PM.  I asked about early morning appointments but was told that they begin see patients at 10 AM.  I start work at 9 AM.  I was then told that I should take a day off to bring the cat in for an exam.  When I expressed my frustration Great vet! (P.S. We are working on desensitizing the monsters to the crates car... I really think it is the car ride that upsets them "I brought my little kitty Molly here about a year ago and was so impressed with the Cat Clinic! I feel that most vets know a lot about dogs and just a little about cats "I brought my sick kitty here who was vomitting and had diahhrea for a few days and the Dr we saw was like ""so what do you want to do"" and I was thinking well thats why I am here to ask for your professional advise. I felt like I spent $100 for absolutely nothing. I would not recommend this clinic for any legit issues I couldn't imagine taking my boys anywhere else."  the staff is very nice and the offices are very clean." Your cat and you deserve this outstanding professional and personal treatment."  compassionate vet - he is kind and generous with his time and attention to my cats.  I fully trust him and his staff to do what's best for my cats.  I've been taking my cats to him for many years now TL;DR: Go to the Cat Clinic! You will not regret it!"  and even helped us out a few times without charging (quick consults).  We highly recommend VCA" I highly recommend Dr. Resek.  She works part-time at VCA Fox Chapel." Just moved to Pburgh and took one of my cats there for a vaccine update and check-up.  The free first check-up for new clients was nice. The vet was also very friendly and gentle with my cat.  She seemed very thorough.  The front desk was also competent and friendly. If it is your first time visiting they do give you a nice little starter kit for your animal.  But that was not of a saving grace for me to return." "I still take my dog to Dr. Resek at VCA Fox Chapel.  She is wonderful.  So thorough and knowledgeable.  She is very polite  and all of the staff are courteous and talented in handling and caring for pets. All of the vets we have met with were professional  she asked if I told the vet I had money trouble. Money trouble? Because I'm not prepared to pay $512 for a single visit? All I can do at this point is warn other people not to go to the Fox Chapel VCA..." "Dr. Uhl is the best cat doctor on the planet!  She listens to my concerns (And I would like to point out that I granted them one star because Yelp made me.)"  and one of my cats was dealing with an ongoing sickness. We went to VCA Fox Chapel  including time and cost. She is excellent -I would never take our cats to anyone else. Dr. Miggins however is the worst vet they have here. Do not take your animal to him. We almost put down our cat because of his severe misdiagnosis. He takes no time to explain things. He doesn't inform you of costs. He couldn't care less about your animal. This is an excellent vet office with excellent doctors and techs It took three phone calls and a visit to the office to determine what vaccines my puppy has had and what she needs. The employees on the phone and in person were rude and unhelpful in providing answers to my questions or helping me to resolve the situation. I have had many other similar frustrating experiences with this office and would not reccomend them to anyone looking for a vet practice.  I came in anticipating spending roughly $150 due to all of the routine shots and standards treatments she'd need. I paid $50! All they did was charge me for one vaccine. They gave her a free heart-warm treatment but worth it in an emergncy."  but I believe that is quite out of the ordinary wait time as they probably had given the holiday off to as many staffers as they could. We were grateful that the staff that was there was very kind and considerate (even gave me a nickle to get a snack out of the machine b c I was five cents short.)"  only to be told that they were admitting her into the ICU overnight and running tests (exactly as we requested before). I know the protocol was to have the doctor chat a moment in person before we left  my dog has an infection and he recommended waiting to do the surgery until the infection was gone. I agreed with him but then was shocked with a $400 vet bill when I picked him up. I felt cheated because I thought the infection should have been something discovered in the initial exam to say he was ready for his surgery. I felt like I should get refunded the money which was only $132 after I was going to spend $3500 total. There reasoning was that it was only a consultation so the doctor didn't really put his hands on him to check him out. My argument to that is that if it is the first time you have ever seen a dog wouldn't you want to check him out thoroughly to make sure there will not be any complications during the surgery. They did agree to refund $40 of the $132 that I felt that they owed me. I have total confidence in Dr Arnold but will not use their services again due to the way they conduct business. There are plenty of great vets around that due surgery. Try somebody else." "Super qualified professionals who clearly ""Get It"" when it comes to diagnosing your pet's needs without the pressure of feeling like you are being taken to the cleaners as far as your wallet is concerned.  It isn't cheap but what vet is these days? This would be the first place I would return to in a pet emergency. Straightforward & knowledgeable professionals who have a genuine concern for their patients as well as their owners.  Keep it up ladies." "Beware of this place. We had a mini-dachshund that had a bleeding ulcer. Test after test after test they were still not sure what was wrong with this young 7 year old dog. Ultimately after about $3400 worth of tests they wanted to operate to see if there was something that they were missing. How much? Another $5000. Unfortunately he had already lost too much blood "brought our kitten here after a spay operation became infected.  Original vet sent me away saying 'it's just herpes'.  she spent the night on IV antibiotics but in the end If an owner of this company would like to call me I cannot even believe that this place does not have five stars from everyone. They are absolutely amazing! Without these doctors my cat would have died months ago. They saved her life and I have had several months with her that I'd never thought I would have. They always answer the phone and are eager to help. I have emailed the oncologist I have been dealing with several times and she is always very quick to respond. They are very sensitive to my feelings and emotions during very difficult times with my cat. They gave me multiple treatment options and we discussed the pros and cons of each of those options before I made a decision. I very very highly recommend these vets to anyone with special needs for their pet.  gave us a disc with the X -rays and immediately sent the email to our vet. This was at 1:00 in the morning. I realize that there are only two emergency vets in the area and they are extremely busy Dr powers is a professional and clearly loves animals. Otherwise I would never come back." the techs and vet checked his vitals every hour and the vet was very accommodating on a super busy night.Praise God all turned out just fine and the staff was so wonderful to a very worried ""mom"" A HUGE plus is that they only charged for the initial exam." I will NOT be going back." Really patient staff & doctor! Thank you for taking such good care of my cat!  this location and the one at Mt Island as well. I use this one specifically for boarding and spa services for my Golden and they know us by name though it might have been a few months since the last visit. The vets are all super nice and if they are booked when you are trying to get in they'll work with you to get you in at the Mt Island location a few miles down the road (great people there too!). Boarding is inexpensive at $22 day-night which allows your pet play time outside. They have a large outside play area! I've been on the wellness plan for 2 years which includes 2 visits for all shots I do not recommend. Let's just say my experiences were not good. My animals have received much much much better care elsewhere. They were diagnosed with conditions at other vet and treated aggressively which was never done at paw creek. Dr CArnevale is rude to staff and total bond euthanized several healthy animals that lived there due to taking up space and using resources. Do not recommend AT ALL.  I didn't hear from them for months about bringing my cat in until recently...  Have to add it was conveniently a week after my plan expired of course.. I was NOT informed of this until AFTER the appointment.. They then proceeded to slapped me with another $120 bill.. Unbelievable and I feel I've been taken advantage of.  Look around for other options in that other vets in the area are very reasonably priced and try not to force their plans on you..... Thought I would throw an update in.. After visiting last month and paying full priced for a visit.  but believe it's worth sharing here too. Find a different vet." So disappointed- after spending money for an exam & grooming- my dog was shaved with a zero razor & he was raw. I was told he had a level 4 heart murmur. Told the test would be $350. I was concerned about an ear infection- & was told he was fine. There groomer also told me just keep his ears clean. Took him for a second opinion- dog had NO heart murmur- his right ear was really infected & dirty!  highly recommend this vet if you are in the market for one!!"  and painless; our whole visit takes no more than 15 minutes on a busy day. So I'd like to give a great big thank you to all the staff and Stoney Creek Animal Hospital for your awesome customer service and animal care. You've made our vet visits a lot more enjoyable."  I know people are always concerned with pricing at a vet. But they gave me the option to order my meds online and offered to bring me their price sheet of the flea tick and heartworm meds instead of just tacking them onto my bill at the end and letting me be surprised with total! They gave Norm treats and the nurse soothed him while the vet was doing the examination. They truly care about animals!"  they are very expensive and constantly trying to sell vaccines and checkups and all kinds of other services I don't need. They are also not very flexible. I had a Saint Bernard who got bit by a brown recluse (we think) and the skin turned black over night and began falling off of the leg and rotting. I rushed him to Stoney Creek and they originally refused to see him without an appointment (next day was the earliest). I found this  and it is handy that you can do so much online there with the pet portal.  They are great at sending you reminders of vaccinations due with plenty of time to get it taken care of.  I am just not sure that I see the value in all of that compared to the high costs of care." Our boxer was my first baby and such a beloved member of our family. I write this review over a year later. I am not angry or vengeful to this animal clinic In total I spent $160 for a 10 min exam and medicines for a simple skin infection. $65 for antibiotics that you can buy at harris teeter for $5.  I was also pressured to buy expensive vet-only food (in case there is a food allergy  but isn't there a reason that the Cheesecake Factory is more expensive than Burger King? QUALITY!"  and is not trying to rip your wallet out of your pocket the entire visit."  especially if someone ""whispers"" and ask questions about charges that will be slipped in. I have no need to do that. I changed vets."  we call at 12 and the dog was not ready.  We call at 2pm and the dog was not ready.  We went there at 4pm and the our dog was still waiting in a cage.  Did get groom or however they did not give the shot yet.   They finally gave the dog a shot.   Home by 5pm.    Way too long Really horrible and sad experience for me and my pup :(" We had a cat in terrible condition.  Pancreatitis with low blood count.  She pretty much needed to be PTS.  She let us take her home and try fluids and at home treatment even though what she needed was a blood transfusion.  But that gave us time (just a few days)  but the bill added up because of all of the tests we asked for. However they had a payment plan that worked amazingly for us! Then we got a brand new puppy and they already had a plan set up for new puppies and she has been healthy and happy at an affordable rate! The only complaint I have is that the techs do not know much about the animals when you ask them questions  the doctor felt like a car salesman. She was snotty and demeaning because I had administered my own vaccines at home in addition to wanting to wait until my dogs first heat cycle before spaying (I grew up breeding dogs this is very standard). The front desk pushed their dog care on me (which i stated several times I was not interested). I 150% agree with the other recent comments  but when it comes down to the bill and priorities... That's another story. I hope my cat is okay. I am so stressed out and very worried. I feel like I could've put that $400 towards extractions for his teeth. Now I have to wait until I can afford to take care of him.. Which I thought I was doing"  and then charged me an ungodly amount.  I was so upset with his treatment that I went to a different vet the very same day.  I wasn't allowing anyone else in that office to touch my cat Dr Chappell is our hero. He saved our sweet Clemsons life after being misdiagnosed by 2 vets. Please go to him if you ever need Vet care. He also works closely with the Humane society. How can you not love a man like that! They all rock and we thank them immensely! These vets are excellent. They have taken great care of my 2 babies. Their prices are also very reasonable. Excellent affordable vet. They have taken excellent care of both my dogs. They are great about explaining options and providing care. My PomChi was attacked by a Chow and Carolina Place Animal Hospital saved his life!!! My dog ended up staying at the hospital for 4 weeks and they treated him as their own. He wouldn't have made it if it wasn't for the expertise and skills of these Vets and their staff! Forever indebted to the people who saved my Fur Baby! If I could give this place zero stars I would. This place is terrible. Probably the rudest receptionist and office staff we have ever encountered. We were so excited to have somewhere so close but would rather drive further and pay more to be respected. I do not recommend this place to anyone. oBFTio5-c73fXeajFhyKwg The owner headvet is mean and angry Giving this practice and Dr Martin four stars instead of five only because of the week it took to get an appointment." Go see Dr Martin and Dr Privette!" The vet was so attentive and did the best for my sweet kitty. So grateful! The vet explains everything  what wrong whit my baby dog maya  and all the staff was so friendly.  although I was not picky about what vet I saw.  Both Drs. Haroldson and Erickson have patiently and carefully talked me through what I needed to do for home-care and answered all of my questions.  I've never felt rushed or talked down to." I absolutely love the staff at AllPets. They do an extraordinary job of taking care of my dog. I am impressed by their knowledge as well as their patience and clarity in explaining care options.  which I can only attribute to the genuine love and care the entire staff seems to exhibit towards all the animals that come in. to their clinic. I would recommend All Pets to any pet owner I know with no hesitation."  but thought it might be too traumatic for me to be there since I came alone to the clinic. They gave me time to say good bye and then came to take her. They were so gentle and respectful to both of us. I had to sign some papers on the way out and everyone expressed their sympathies. I asked about paying and they said ""don't worry we will bill you"". I thought that was very considerate with the shape I was in. Really can't say enough good about this clinic and their staff. They made one of the hardest days a little easier with their treatment of both of us." This has been our veterinary clinic since we brought our boxer puppy home 1.5 years ago. Dr Schweizer is the best! We have always trusted her advice and she takes very good care of our dog. Anyone looking for a vet in Madison should go here.  I highly suggest checking these guys out! You won't regret it." I bring my dog here and the staff are very helpful and kind. They are always able to get us in for emergency appointments and I've always had a great experience no matter what we're coming in for. "Brought my 10 week old Boxer here on 5 23 for his first appointment and I was extremely impressed! They instantly made him feel welcome and comfortable by giving him treats and greeting him as soon as we walked in the door. When it was time for his shot and nasal spray "Just visited and had a really good experience.  The vet technician (who came from the Chicago and whose name I forgot - sorry!) was fantastic! Very nice and listened to all my concerns (I don't take my cat to the vet much so I wait and lump it all together). The doctor was very nice and very thorough - went down the checklist and checked everything. They got 4 stars instead of 5 because they made me feel a little guilty like I should be doing more. I can't afford everything they recommended and I think they were going above and beyond with the recommendations otherwise Why not five stars? I do think that Janssen's clinic is a little pricey. Not extravagant Blue Dog Training & Behavior"  which helps the dog be calm and relaxed as well.  I have found the cost of services to be reasonable and the office staff always explains the charges if I have questions.  They have even sent prescriptions for human-equivalent medications to Walgreen's for me so that I can save money." "I've been taking the kids (cats) here for quite a few years after all of my friends raved about Sandhill. Dr. Nothnagel and everyone who works here are friendly  I will go nowhere else. He is very good with her and very knowledgable. I felt comfort knowing that she would be in Sandhill Pet Clinics care. Coming from Zoe "Dr Nothnagel and his staff are second to none.  I am very particular when it comes to my animals and honestly have been through more vets than I am proud of.  A friend referred me th Sandhill and I could not be happier.  Our first few visits he actually went outside with my dog and I and watched his behavior and movements and then made the diagnosis.  He is down to earth  who ended up performing an extensive bit of surgery on my cat to remove some tumors and make her more comfortable. It's a testament to his skill that she recovered very quickly from a major procedure with no complications. It also helped that Lyndsie  it was well worth the drive.  I urge others to go here!"  professional people who care about you and your animal. And it's very affordable! My primary care visit was $25 and my sick visit was $45. I would absolutely recommend this clinic to anyone looking for primary care services or help with a sick pet." I absolutely recommend this hospital for your pets!" We have come to this clinic in the past to have a diagnosis on more than one sweet baby. We always felt so comforted and just lucky to have access to all the caring doctors and students. We came today for a second opinion about a surgical procedure on our newly acquired rescue. We were so happy to meet Dr. Csomos and the advice she gave us put us at ease and we left feeling a great relief. We were just a wreck when we brought Lulu in and she couldn't have been more understanding or kind or caring.Thank you Dr. Csomos! I don't have enough good things to say about them. Their level of compassion and expertise is top notch. Everyone there has been very friendly. Dr. Katelyn Marlowe who is an oncology resident is fantastic. She's our dog's primary doctor and always goes above and beyond. Dave the receptionist has made difficult days easier with his great attitude and making sure you are taken care of. The surgical staff does an EXCELLENT job as well! Jean the CVT always greets us with a friendly smile and is great at what she does. My dog is in great hands at this clinic- I wish this could be our primary vet clinic! I'm such a fan of Dr. Karlburg.  The first two vets I took my half Siamese to were totally intimidated by her cattitude.  Dr. Karlburg wasn't and was very knowledgeable.  But what won me over was when my male tabby was having  recurrent urinary issues (FLUTD).  It was totally my fault because I took him off the prescription food for a pet store brand that claimed to do the same thing.  (Never doing that again!!)  Dr. Karlburg prescribed a 30 day supplement to rebuild the lining of his bladder.  This is a treatment that not all vets use but Dr. Karlburg said he's had good luck with.   My kitty has been healthy ever since. "Went here for a routine check up  and wasn't impressed with the service "We've been taking our dog to Dr. Miller at Monona Vet Clinic since we first got him 7 years ago. We've always had positive experiences. Everyone is professional Healthy and happy animals go to Caring Hands. And I've never seen a single complaint from our pets!" I can't say enough wonderful things about this clinic.  I dread graduating and moving from the area because I know I it will be impossible to find another vet that comes anywhere near the quality of Caring Hands."  everyone was very caring and sympathetic and gave me plenty of information so that I could make a good decision." You could not choose a better vet service in the Champaign-Urbana and surrounding areas.  If you are at some distance in an outlying small town (as we are)  they again turned us down.  I cannot speak to the quality of either the vets there because we were never given a chance to see them.  The staff was unprofessional."  your dog tested positive for roundworms when your brought him in"" THEY NEVER CALLED ME. I was never notified or given any treatment for it!!!!!!!!!! It may have gotten even worse because of their negligence. I will never go back here. No matter how nice everyone is."  Penny is a monster sometimes). Penny has never seemed stressed or unhappy after leaving and everyone there is extremely kind - they even remembered my childhood dog We used to take our dog Buddy there and loved it! The staff is very friendly and the doctor was great. I only wish they took Care Credit still! I now have two new cars and will NEVER take them to this joint!  The name is a joke  I can't imagine going anywhere other than A&E after the help they've given us.  Thanks guys!" My only suggestion is that they learn to treat chickens. Urbana allows chickens and it would be very nice to be able to take my girls there as well." "I've had a very positive experience with A & E Animal Hospital. We've taken our cat there for several years and were always pleased with the service we've gotten. The staff there are so friendly and helpful  she spend extra time explaining things and never make me feel like we are rushed. I travel all over the USA and EVERY time we be needed vet records faxed to a new doggie day care they are always so helpful. A and E is the best so I make it a point to make our check ups and vaccinations at the times when we come back to town. Dr Lindsay is so wonderful she's always up beat cheerful "I am updating my previous review. The previous vet here was great and reasonably priced. He did not order extra tests. The newer vet seems to be in line with every other vet in town in charging too much. They are very nice  yet cost-conscious if that matters to you. Took 2 cats there. Don't recommend the shorter chick Dr. Dust may be the most compassionate vet i've ever met.  He has taken excellent care of our very sick dog for many years and always knew when to refer to the Vet School just a few miles away.  Part psychiatrist part vet but all wonderful.  which must be so hard for a place with all kinds of animals running around through it all day.  Dr. McElroy neutered my pup and fixed his tiny hernia  and we continue to be so impressed by the quality of care they give our animals (and us) that we regret they can't provide human health care! After 2 dogs with joint problems requiring surgery  and this is the single best vet practice I have ever taken an animal to.  It's the only practice where I will see the first vet available -- all of the vets there are that good  I felt Dr. Dust did a thorough job of performing necessary tests without going overboard. He explained everything in detail and always asked for my approval before doing anything. I was pretty stressed and he really made me feel that I had and was doing the right things. I had thought  we'd also have stayed with Heritage. Two paws up. :)" This is the best clinic I have used.  All of the doctors are excellent and do a thorough job taking care of your animal.  I saw Dr. Rhodes. She was wonderful with my cat and very helpful in explaining things to me as a first time cat owner. She took very good care of him when he got all of his shots and made us both feel very comfortable in the office. I definitely can't wait to see her again when he is a big boy next year! Seems like you can't go wrong with any of the vets here."  have been more than helpful in faxing us his records adn nursing him back to health So impressed with this facility. We just moved to Champaign from Southern California and I relied on yelp reviews to find our new vet. Thank you for not steering me wrong yelpers!! Dr. Rhodes was awesome. Our cat has a medical record the size of a dictionary and she took the time to review EVERYTHING before we saw her. She also took the time to ask where we were at with things and what direction we wanted to go in as far as treatment and care. She listened to my concerns and was incredibly receptive to my thoughts and opinions. We have found our forever vet!!  and whip worm. They gave great advice and ideas to help her teeth and gums and pads heal. The staff are really nice. Even the cats likes them. I highly recommend them." "They definitely get our business with the way they care for the animals and putting them first. We were told from another Vet Clinic (Country View) that our dog needed surgery and that we needed to pay $1800 to have it done. Took them to VCA and all it was was a bladder infection! VCA also told us that ""don't ever NOT bring your dogs in just because you don't have the money. We will work with you!"" Love this clinic and what they stand for! Thank you!" "Thank you VCA Heritage for your friendly service  and we talked about putting him on a diet.  He's now eating a wet food that he loves.  He also had an infection in his ear that she prescribed an ointment for.  Bentley's back to his normal I was very happy with the staff. Everyone that worked there appeared to really enjoy their job and I received wonderful customer service." Looking forward to more (albeit hopefully infrequent and routine) visits as we settle in here." I love coming to this clinic! Everyone is always very nice and helpful. I take my cat to Dr. McElroy and she is great. My cat can be a little difficult but she uses minimal restraint during his exam and lots of distraction during his shots. He didn't even flinch as he was too happy to be eating easy cheese from the table. I will continue to bring my pet here for all his health care needs! We've been taking our new dogs there ever since." I love VCA! They are always helpful and take extremely good care of my dog. My dog likes all of the vet techs and especially loves Dr Dust!!  but she was so patient.  I was a mess to find out our cat had a dislocated hip from the groomer.  I was very emotional and the staff was very understanding.  The doctor informed me about a heart murmur my cat had that I was unaware of.  They were able to set her leg and send her home very quickly.  We had to return to the clinic several times as the attempts being made to fix her leg prior to the eventual surgery were not working out.  Each time we went back I think anyone affiliated with the AEC should be ashamed of themselves.  Overcharging and taking advantage of people in desperate situations is inexcusable.  Sick animals unquestionably end up suffering because their well meaning owners cannot afford the fleecing being done by this clinic.   I expect to pay more for emergency veterinary care than a regular visit to the vet  and the place was clean (for a vet).  It was super expensive  so are ER trips for animals.  But it is a BLESSING that they are there when you need them!!  The staff was nothing short of saintly when I brought my cat in unable to use his back legs and screaming in pain.  I called ahead and they were ready and waiting.  They diagnosed it quickly (saddle thrombus) and were VERY kind and caring when delivering the bad news to me.  I had to make the decision to put my cat to sleep and it was VERY hard  then I would have taken my dog there and would have expected to pay more than my daytime vet." "Wonderful experience here. I had a scary emergency with my dog last weekend during Christmas at a relative's house. She ended up needing surgery to remove her eye. The vet who was working was very informative as she explained my options  I asked if this could possibly be an infection and they said no the dog was just old and had about a month to live.  I took the dog to my vet first thing monday morning and the first thing she said was the dog had a good chance of having a serious kidney infection and may respond to treatment.  Isn't that what I asked!  After 5 days of antibiotic treatment the dog is brand new and back to normal.  I can't say enough about my vet So wonderful. Helped my guy with urine in his crystals a few months ago. Once again their friendly service came to the rescue! E watch everything and explained what was going to happen and then let me stay with her while she was coming out of anestesia. All around great vet." "This is such a great practice.  Dr. Ferrera has treated all of my animals with great kindness and respect.  We had a very Look forward to your new location across the parking lot. That was the only downside to SPAH."  I was not pleased about receiving a collections notice from the office after making a payment that covered the majority of the amount owed. The person in charge of billing told me I could make another payment for the remaining amount ($70) this month I will never step foot in that place again."  we asked for her help on where was best to go. It is now 2 yrs past and we now have 2 dogs and 1 kitty. All of our pets go to Squaw Peak and they all LOVE Dr. Clinton!! I was so surprised there was no reviews about her so I just had to add this on!! Any time we go to the vet  by Saturday morning the eye was almost completely grey and I took her back the doctor came in didn't even look into her eyes and said it has to be Valley Fever and needed to do blood work but started treatment on Saturday and would call when the results came in. She acted like I was wasting her time by asking questions about Valley Fever. I just moved to Arizona and had never heard of it. So we did blood work and more medicine and off we go. By Tuesday afternoon I get the call saying quit giving her the pills for Valley Fever and take her to the Eye dr for animals it must be glaucoma and they can't help. So  I ask her if she wants to go see Dr. Clinton and her eyes light up and she gets so excited! Dr. Clinton and the staff here have been so wonderful and caring! Penny is my first dog and so any little bump she had  conservative and caring.  The staff is on the ball and the Vets are well educated and kind.  I've had puppies to last good byes there and I can't imagine taking my dogs anywhere else..." "All I know is that my Baby girl is better off now with her knee surgery. They truly have saved her from never walking right again. I'm sorry that happened to your animal These guys are great. I got my dobermans ear cropped and tail docked. They help make sure it was painless as possible for her. The ears look great and the staff is very caring and helpful.  I have never had any vet give me a personal number in case of any questions while office closed. I would highly recommend anyone with a bulldog to take them here and see Dr. Ferrera for soft palate repair!"   that he was.  I was told again to sit down and wait.  I waited for a few more minutes and then walked out!  I went straight to Orangewood Pet Hospital where I was immediately taken care of and where blood work done. It was obvious that my dog needed to be put to sleep.  The experience was as good as any experience of that nature could be.  I am disgusted with the clinical in right when they opened and were so helpful.  Would love to take Dr. Agnew home to be my vet in San Diego." Dr. AGNEW IS THE BEST !!!  SHE is very knowlegble and compassionate.  Staff is accommodating .  Helpful and very friendly.  Been coming here for 7 years.. wouldnt think of going anywhere else.  told me to go to the ER or made any indication that she believed me let alone cared.  She downplayed the severity of the situation and after the 25th seizure I rushed her to Phoenix Emergency and got her competent care and treatment.  I told Dr. Clinton the following morning that my puppy was in the hospital and she made every excuse imaginable why she didn't see the patient The board won't decide their sanctions until the next meeting late January - and I understand he does have 30 days to appeal but I don't think he would be successful after the unanimous votes of the board."  send her to the ER and why she never even looked at the patient chart.  Dr. Clinton promised to follow up with me two days later and she NEVER called me to ask how her patient was doing let alone take responsibility for some of the bills that she promised to pay due to her incompetence!  I also left message for Dr. Ferarra to call me with my phone number and he NEVER called me back either! If you are looking for vets that actually care about their patients  but don't call and ask for her.  LOL!!  Seriously Back in town and my dog had blood from her ear.  They took me in first thing.  Dr. Agnew was very helpful and glad to say my dog is already acting better. Watch out!  This hospital will send you notices when vaccinations are supposedly due for your pet.  Check with other vets before going in for any vaccination here because they send out notices even when vaccinations are NOT due to make money!  They do not care about the risk or wellbeing of your pet!  Run while your pet is still alive! Horrid front office nazi Cindy - hung up on me for asking a question & lied about vet not being in the office.  I was trying to help my in-laws with their dogs who have an eye infection & these people would not help me even though they have seen the dogs as patients for years.  They only want your money they do NOT care about the animals.  HORID place - I wouldn't send anyone here. This vet has taken care of my dog for 12 of his 15 years and they are always wonderful. Dr. Agnew is amazing. The staff has always been great and they've never pushed anything unnecessary. I've been going there for nearly 15 years.  including when it's time to refer to a specialist. She diagnosed FIP in my cat and immediately got me in to see an internist. Unfortunately that disease is always fatal dkXvUa_51ZmD8Ye-0wq7ew  and Honest.  What more can you expect from an animal hospital?  Their new building is very attractive and roomy and the staff is very accommodating.  They're prices are reasonable as well.  Thanks for taking such good care of Mufassa guys!"  which is nice. I think she has a thing for my doggie and is looking for a second date." They are top-notch folks." vctk2EKW16-ZTMRX4tMJQQ  as well as their follow-up. I would highly recommend them."  this is the best vet I have ever been to and I would give them 10 stars if I could!"  not all of them. It is most certainly worth your time and money to take your pet here for both medical and grooming services. Just know your pet One of my other favorite parts was when it came to pay the bill. It was ACTUALLY fairly priced!!! What? Isn't that just crazy? A place that actually cares for the animals and doesn't overprice every little thing like 'oh your dog went the bathroom outside here's a $300 bill'. Nope  and inviting. I love all the beautiful photos on the walls with animal's info and if they were adopted Dr Serbin always finds the time to squeeze my dog family in when there is an emergency. He ALWAYS follows up the next day; its nice to know he cares.  I love the follow ups because he'll listen to your concerns if you have any and recommend coming back if need be.  Ingleside Animal Hospital is very close to my family and has seen us on our worst of days; they are very understanding and will even offer up a hug if you need one.  They were very comforting to our last dog that we put down and even sent a card to my family in our hard time.  We have been going to Dr Serbin for the past 8-10 yrs (?) and I wouldn't have it any other way!!!  make sure to call as early as possible because Saturday slots go fast." A few years later after trying many other vets and the sick kitty had passed away the other kitty I had needed a dental cleaning. I had saved adamantly to acquire the funds to get it done over 2 years. (its very expensive. In light of my experiences there I trusted their competency with doing the dental surgery so I returned back money in hand over $400. My anger from previous grievances were furthest from my mind had just about forgotten and just wanted my cats teeth cleaned. On the day of the appt because of my cats age they did pre blood work for the surgery and it came back he was diabetic. I couldn't believe it i had another cat that was diabetic and this one didn't show any of the signs i was shocked so they ran some more tests and loaded me up with insulin and never cleaned his teeth. My bill was just about all of the $400 i had desperately saved. Every time i gave the cat insulin his sugar would crash. I ended up going to a different vet (BLUE CROSS animal hospital) who eventually did the surgery and said that his mouth was causing his diabetes and he just needed it done. I suspect  Ingleside purposely ran my bill up and didn't treat my animal because of past disputes. I have no proof but I will never pass on a chance to warn other cat owners to avoid them I will never return there and am so much happier with BCAC. I live in tempe now but will gladly drive to BCAC."  it was very smooth and quick and I would definitely bring my animals back here."  and the groomer Christie who run her business there is the best around. I get my Maine Coon  one of our dogs became critically ill.  dr. levine fought to save her life from the kidney and liver failures and she did save her life. it was a long Lucy had a nice first visit today. :)"  and got him the shots he needed to bring down his hives. The whole ordeal (visit cost + 3 different allergy shots) cost $110 and the antibiotics were only $22 (which they can fill in their in-office pharmacy). Overall vctk2EKW16-ZTMRX4tMJQQ  out of concern for their health. We arrived about ten minutes early and were immediately escorted into the exam room. I was pleased with the hospital's service and cleanliness. For exams and antibiotics for both dogs  and makes the reminder calls--was kind and a good listener. I found him efficient and polite. My sister reports that although our dog liked the vet  it's all about the almighty dollar there.  I felt my pet was second over how much they could nickel and dime me for.  After $$$$ dollars spent If I take my beloved crew of two dogs and one cat to them it is because I trust them completely. I am not one who trusts easily. Also Could not recommend this vet more. They made a horrible process as ""easy"" as possible." They like to run expensive tests and we believe them to be dishonest. We had been going there for years but no more.  they were waiting for us and had a room ready for us to go into. It was a very calming experience and they gave us all the time we needed to grieve. I would definately recommend them. Dr Bart was very caring. As difficult and heartbreaking as this was vctk2EKW16-ZTMRX4tMJQQ "Every person on this staff truly cares about your pet!  I have never felt rushed and they spend as much time as you need.  Any time your animal gets a prescription for anything or has surgery or whatever We are looking forward to Ingleside being our full time vet!" I was told we charge you so you will bring the dog back. I have never heard of this before. Inflated prices along with a rude vet." My six-year-old persian got into my mum plant and had stomach poisoning. Dr. Bart gave him fluids under the skin an oral prescription antibiotic and a bland diet and after two days he was good as new and happy. A few days later she gave us a call to make sure that he was okay Dr. Bart  really goes above and beyond and has always been a fantastic vet.  I'm so pleased with IAH after just a couple of visits vctk2EKW16-ZTMRX4tMJQQ "We chose Ingleside after our dachshund Macy became ill and our regular vet seemed to pooh-pooh her illness. We saw Dr Chilles and she spent more time touching Macy in the first exam then two other previous vets on two other separate visits. She's wonderful  I was relieved! The staff was friendly and welcoming and making appointments is simple. I received emails when it was time for my guinea pig to have his annual check-up as well as newsletters with tips and information on pets. Unfortunately "We are very happy with IAH. Newer facility and very clean. Front office staff and vet techs are friendly and professional. Never had to wait for more than a few minutes. We like Dr. Serbin Great vet clinic overall!"  what can i say? We had to take our beloved Australian shepherd to be put to sleep as her healtghad deteriorated so much she had no quality of life  Everyone at Ingleside showed us so much compassion and respect from the reseptionist to the vet tech and vet. They even make a mold print of your beloved pets paw! They were a bright light  on a very sad day for us." I've decided to return to my old vet.  Even though they are equally busy I recently lost my cat Noodle to ear cancer. Ingleside  Animal Hospital has been my cat's health care facility for the past eleven years although I had lost faith at one point because one of the Vets did not seem to like cats. When Noodle became ill Dr Hewitt became Noodle's vet and was very compassionate. She stayed in contact with me and had Noodle's best interests at all times.  All the staff were great when I had to put him to sleep. They have sense sent me a personalized  sympathy card and also donated money to a cat foundation in Noodle's name. These small kindness will always be remembered and I would like to Thank all the staff at Ingleside. vctk2EKW16-ZTMRX4tMJQQ  but in a quick bind came across this place via Yelp reviews. My foster dog recently got neutered and after a bit of licking at his stitches things weren't looking great. I needed to get him in at very short notice on a Tuesday. Since I had work the staff offered to watch my dog during the morning so I could come back during my lunch break.  I called all the other vets in the area and no other vet went over and above to offer this kind of service and only offered times while I was at work. I have found that working the normal 9-5 shift makes finding vet appointments tricky. This place will now be my new vet for being able to be so accommodating! Thanks Ingleside for being so sweet and caring for my pup!" 5XsEhAUwjTvExnq3vB8bOQ  loved the staff and my total bill? $102 and a few free samples of treats. Blue cross = winning"  the tech read notes from last time and said my cat was given .75 according to the vet notes!I was also told that the vet tried to reach me several times but my vm mailbox was full-it wasn't. After telling me that my appointment would be an extra $49 to see the vet and not just a tech I was questioned about why I didn't bring my cat in sooner.  I also waited over an hour for my scheduled appointment...." Thank you Dr. Serbin for the 12 years of you serving my beloved pets and I am grateful you and your staff had the opportunity to do so.  I am very sorry that you could not even give an ""I'm sorry"" for the inappropriate and lack of professionalism and compassion your office manager served me on September 9 vctk2EKW16-ZTMRX4tMJQQ vctk2EKW16-ZTMRX4tMJQQ  and answered questions I had afterwards. I'm very impressed and will continue coming here."  my cat is fine. He is eating and drinking normally.  I now owe Ingleside $700 for testing that never gave a diagnosis." "I have had nothing but great experiences at Ingleside! Front desk is professional and friendly My son loved his dog so much and took excellent care of him. His dog died last night a horrible death that no animal should ever have. Ingelside Animal Hospital SHAME ON YOU!!!!" I read some of the negative reviews and it sounds like people not watching their animals and letting them get poisoned or roughed up by another animal and expecting a shot to cure them. Also "I am so happy we found Ingleside Animal Hospital! I was very impressed from the very beginning (and this is before we even had our appointment!). The quality of customer service here is what you wish you had everywhere else: outstanding!!! The front desk staff is great. I felt really good after scheduling Bear's appointment. I could already feel the good vibes! The hospital is very clean Absolutely incredible vet! Dr. Chiles and Dr. Barth are so sweet and always patient with our boys! Highly recommend them! It's not a bad place. It's just not great. I was a revenue source for them Great and caring staff! Glad I picked them to care for my dog. Dr. Chiles has calmed my nerves many times - always through with answers and listens to all concerns Enrique our vet here is amazing. He cut us a deal and helped our pet chickens. Good care was taken and he even liked our girls!  I will always continue to bring my pet cat here.  The vet is wonderful.  He's very honest and you can tell that he really loves animals.  The woman who runs the front desk is very polite and always on top of things.  They were also considerate of my financial situation and didn't try to sell me vaccines that my cat didn't need.  They were very up front about pricing.  I love it here and I'm so glad I found this place.  I trust my kitty in their hands :)" Clean.  No nasty smells.  Dr. Cruz friendly as well as staff.  Transparent and upfront pricing.  but when I do it is a good experience.   They are very honest and up front about costs and options.  Last minute appointments are never a problem."  and get my yearly check-up reminder for my little pupperoni."  the new local has horrible parking. The a/c isn't as effective as it should be so it can get kind of uncomfortable if you have a long visit in the room facing the sun in the summer. And the last time I was in was the first time I ever felt like they were trying to sell me stuff I wasn't sure if I needed yet. I'm wondering if they are having some financial hardships? I will continue to go there because  we've been to other vets and this is the best my pup has been cared for. The good defiantly outweighs the bad!"  I am in the market for a new vet...."  and seem pressed for time. My normally shy Shih Tzu is very comfortable with the Dr. and the staff. Dr. Cruz always explains options 4RyahhRI6erthzm-vZu0LQ  and even more appreciative that he didn't ""price gouge"" us for emergency services. He even tried to find us the cheapest route possible by bundling services and providing discounts. Dr. Cruz was just amazing  I finally found a vet that truly cares and gives his all in treating and caring for all of his ""patients"" =)" Enough is enough. We had our third appointment for our pup at 3pm on sat which was originally arranged on fri. They asked us if we can change the date. It was not a big deal until they stood us up. We were at the doorstep for 15 mins. Nobody was there. No phone call or a notice to inform us. And we were not the only client waiting outside. It was not cool outside in June. Bad business!!  I said nothing because my cat was in her care.  Dr. Cruz came was behind me and intervened so I felt more comfortable.  One male asst came back and told me that it was normal for a cat to act that way.  Then Dr. Cruz came and told me about cats meowing when they get a nail trim.  I have had my cat's nails trimmed for years and I know her normal meow but not screaming plus I saw the jar of stuff they use when they cut nails too short.  What I think happened was they cut her nails way too short and hurt her thus her screaming meows.  I am so upset that I subjected my cat in this manner.  Never again will I go there!"  he still let is bring Carli over so he could take a look at her. That is exceptional customer service. We have been so happy with them for the last few years and will always bring out pets here! Carli loves everyone there - and she's doing just fine  but the body doesn't have time to build up antibodies to the disease so they can still get sick with it. Toki is hard to handle but they but a muzzle on him and also found and removed four ticks off of his body!! He wrote out an estimate for all the things he'd like to do for my dog Even though we got in last minute the exam was regular price and priced competitively with other vets in the area. We were so impressed and plan on making the drive over to see Dr. Cruz in the future I went in on January 22 2015 to get shots for mt boy. These folks were super nice and friendly.  Even gave me the name of a loxal groomer to take my lil dog to.  The shots and office visit were reasonably priced.  The staff was great and the Dr was great. He truly cares. I ended up finding a new vet because of this visit. Which is sad. I had a good experience with this vet before but poor customer service made me find a new one."  I am going to go back. The vet did assure me that I would be able to get the chip in both of my dogs without paying visit fees since I already paid them when I went the day they told me to. Thankfully!"  I went into Banfield and told the receptionist ""I'd like to talk to someone about possibly another round of antibiotics for my cat."" Once again the doctor wouldn't talk to me. The girl at the front desk just went in then back  etc? She said I would find all that out that day of the surgery. Unacceptable! Finally I get in with the vet. What a piece of work!!! She would not even touch my dog. Said her skin is disgusting and she smells. What vet in the world speaks about a pet as if it were an object? And to not even touch my dog??? Unreal!!! I will not be returning to ANY Banfield...EVER!!! Very sad considering I have been a customer for 10+ years. Guess your faculity is only good for vaccines. ABSOLUTELY nothing major. Oh and one last thing: the vet actually told me my dog would die on the table due to her heart murmur. I have since been to a REAL vet who confirmed this is not even true."  etc.?"" He then shut up. Incidents like this would happen during every visit. Two different vets told me I needed to get my dog anti tartar solution to put in his water. He's a young dog and has healthy teeth! He gets his teeth brushed at the groomers! There is one Vet there who isn't a high pressure car salesman. Dr. Rice was the only vet I liked. He was very thorough and friendly. He even checked my dog's spine. No other vet did that. He told me I should get some ear cleaning solution. I asked him if the cheaper stuff on the shelves is just as good as the prescribed expensive stuff and he was honest with me. Dr. Rice was great and genuinely seemed to care. Sadly I will never go to a Banfield Pet Hospital again! The Vet never even called to see how my cat was doing!  A very expensive lesson to learn!"  they tried to sell me a heart worm treatment add in even though that was covered under his wellness plan.  When I went to pick up my dog they didn't complete all the services I requested without trying to charge me extra for a rabies vaccine renewal.  After all this hot mess I reported this to the manager asking for a refund.  It was granted .  When I returned to Banfield they tried an account credit.  It's hard to not be really annoyed with them at this point."  I was dismayed to find that the doctor had given him a whole slew of immunizations.  And to make matters worse AAC is the best veterinary clinic I've found and Dr. Bracken is the best vet I've ever met!"  you can tell that he understands that he is not just dealing with people's pets (or their car)  it is always a good experience. Dr Bracken and his wonderful staff are extremely professional and attentive. I live closer to downtown and will gladly bypass the many animal clinics closer to me to visit Arcadia Animal Clinic. I do end up waiting sometimes The only thing that doesn't make Arcadia Animal Clinic a 5-Star is that you have to see specialists for certain things. Unlike bigger vet clinics  but there's only one Dr. Braken.  He answers each question himself."  we're here till 6"". i called another vet whose staff said to bring the dog in immediately. i did. he was diagnosed with a condition that would have either killed him  or rendered him criticaly ill had i waited per the employee's suggestion. i've been discouraged more than once by the phone answerer from bringing pets in.  each time "It doesn's get much better than this. I feel my animal children are in safe hands with Dr. Bracken. Not a clinic where all they want to do is sell you stuff  kind and interested in what i had written. i reiterated that dr. bracken is great. he has gone above and beyond for us on many occasions. he is not the issue.  my issue was with someone who answered the phone not allowing me to make an appointment to take an ill pet in. i felt the pet's condition was being diagnosed by someone not qualified or authorized to do so. the person who recently called me handled the issue in a very professional way. i really appreciated her taking the time to call and listen to my concerns. we had a great conversation. that's the sign of a well-run business."  he takes time to teach you puppy training and answers any and all questions you may have.  I have since taken my two other dogs and transferred their medical records to his office. You can tell on your first visit that Dr. Bracken's office is very busy but he is worth the wait. He loves dogs just as much as you do and isn't driven by the all mighty dollar that so many other vets exude. I would trust his honest "Dr. Bracken is the best vet I have ever encountered.  My dog hurt his back and they took fantastic care of him and found a great neurosurgeon for us to have his back fixed.  All his general checkups and teeth cleaning have been great. The staff there just really seem to love animals and it shows. They even call back to check in to make sure everything is going okay with him. It's a ways to Arcadia from my house ( I live in south Tempe )  and instead to learn more about ALL diets so they could help us to make better choices for our pets when it comes to their nutrition. He didn't try to push any vaccines (we were there for an annual exam) either.  To sum it up "We have been going with our animals to see Dr. B and the rest of that great crew for over 15 years.  He is the only Dr one of my pets liked...really more like one of very few people.  But when she saw Dr. "The second that Dr. Bracken starts treating humans I will be the first on line! What an amazing doctor he is.... the love  doing exactly what they were put on this earth to do? That's Dr. Bracken. We've been going to Arcadia with our pets ever since I was a little girl and now I take my own family pet there. I can't say enough good things about the kindness My puppy's trainer recommended Dr. Bracken's office.  He and his staff are great!  They are kind and genuinely care about the pets they treat.  I won't take my pets anywhere else from now on. "Best in the business...period.  We've had a ton of issues of late and they always take our call and always guide us in the right direction. Top notch!  Unfortunately I have always felt comfortable there. And Penny I know a lot of people writing reviews on here have been many times. I have only been 3 times for my boy charlie but absolutely great experience in relation to care. When someone is sincere not trying to run up the bill and find the best solution there are many others who also want the same attention. This does equate to long waits but its worth it. The other day they squeezed charlie in for a quick skin test since he had mange before and same symptoms show again. Found it wasn't so have another appointment scheduled for next week. Expected to be in and out in 15 minutes like staff said took a solid 45. Just plan ahead and be patient. The only drawback is that I have referred so many people to him (as I'm sure others have) You get real animal lovers and the best care possible at Arcadia Animal Clinic. As someone else said  and the office took care of all my questions and concerns along the way. Fisk has recovered beautifully from the procedure thanks to Dr. Bracken and his staff. Sure  hands down!  He is the gold standard of vets and takes excellent care and thoroughness in his work!  I will not trust anyone else with my dog and wish I could give him a 100 stars He is so patient with pet parents and gives thorough explanations. i cannot say enough wonderful things about him and his staff." Dr. Bracken is one in a million.  He is the best vet ever!  Once you take your pets to see Dr. Bracken you won't want to ever take them anywhere else!  I have been taking my dogs there for over 13 years now.  My dogs have had many problems over the years and Dr. Bracken is always available to help you.  He will not run unnecessary procedures and will give your pets the best care available.  I cannot say enough wonderful things about him and his staff.  I agree with one other reviewer who said she would give him 100 star rating if she could.  He is that good! 1-1/2 stars for the doctor's reputation. He's supposed to be exceptional.  1/2 star for the person I talked to being friendly but unconcerned. When calling I got a busy signal each time I tried for over 5 minutes.  When the phone was answered I was put on hold for at least another 5 minutes.  When I got a person I said I wanted to make an appointment for my dog. I wasn't asked what was wrong with my pet I was just asked if my dog was a current patient.  I said no and was then told it would be at least 3 weeks before they'd be able to see us.  To me busy signals and long holds don't bode well and then 3 weeks to get an appointment with them not even knowing my dog's condition?  The practice must be TOO busy and they need additional help.  Going elsewhere.  and are very reasonable.  They even called to check up on my pup after she had her teeth cleaned.  They are awesome and I recommend them to all of my friends and family who have pets. :)" We will work our way to repay the staff of Arcadia Animal Clinic and will forever be thankful for that favor which meant the entire world to us. Thank you Dr. Bracken and your team for showing us that good people still exist in this world This is the very best vet on the planet. What he has done for my old dogs is unreal. He has extended and increased the quality of their lives tremendously. I am so lucky to know him! I can never thank Dr Brackon enough! Sweet Pea and Sadie thank him as well! : ) We will come here for life and I constantly rave about this place. You won't find a better vet anywhere in Phoenix." Today we took our American Bulldog ICON to see Dr. Bracken. The recommendations for Dr Bracken were terrific but he is SOOOOO much better than you could even imagine. Dr Bracken genuinely cares about the health and well being of your pet. We have never been so incredibly impressed with a vet and we are thrilled that Dr. Bracken is now caring for our bulldogs. THANK YOU Dr. Bracken!!! This office is fantastic.  I was referred by a old dentist of mine.  They are so kind to your animal.  I also love the fact that Dr.Bracken is conservative when it comes to over testing and medicating.  He said not to bother with heart worm prevention.  That's not in the state of Arizona.  I referred a friend and he was half the cost of her old vet on many procedures.  The office is spotless. I told Dr Bracken about this. He said no problem. He spent time around the two dogs as he talked to my wife and I. Once the dogs seemed comfortable he took the Husky out for checkup and a shot. When he returned and took my aggressive dog for her checkup Pets are like family - and Dr. Bracken and his staff treat them as such. Cannot say enough about how wonderful this place is. Trustworthy and attentive to all your pets needs.  which means a cookie and iced tea are close at hand after the vet visit :-)"  I realized that she did not need to get some of them because there were requirements of dogs in Texas that were not requirements of dogs in Arizona. I feel like many vets would have taken advantage of that and administered the shots anyways to get the money  especially taking into consideration the level of care your fur children recieve." Dr. Bracken and his staff is the best veterinarian I have ever used. Dr. Bracken is so caring and passionate about his patients (animals) that I wouldn't trust anyone else. He has helped us through the great times and the tough times and if it was only possible id let him take care of me as well. I would recommend Dr. Bracken to anyone looking for a new vet or that's new to the area.  accommodating and show just as much compassion.  I trust my animals to Arcadia Animal Clinic "Whomever answers the phones is cruel and heartless. I've heard great reviews on Dr Bracken and I called to schedule a new patient appt. we just moved here from Atlanta and one of my four pets is a 15 yr old pug with paralysis among many other issues. She's in a lot of pain now and her days are limited. I called and after a 15 min hold time I said that I was new and I wanted to schedule an apt because I believe she's suffering and I don't know how many days we have left with her. She says back in a very rude tone ""well you can't come in now and you won't be able to for awhile.  We schedule new patients 4 weeks out"" & hung up. So if someone calls to schedule an appt because their dog is dying they have to wait 4 weeks? No exceptions? My dog doesn't have 4 weeks left. I'm sure Dr Bracken is wonderful but I don't think some of the staff shares the same love for animals. She showed no empathy and was heartless. This is a very difficult time for me or anyone who is about to lose a pet knows this. They're our children. I never write reviews. In fact this is my first ever but I wrote this is in hopes Dr bracken or a manager reads this and seriously takes into consideration who they hire to answer the phone because they just lost 4 patients."  and excellent location in Arcadia. This practice is also more affordable than others we've frequented. Glad we found this veterinary gem!"  because I know he is giving the same attention and individual care to each of his patients as he does every time I bring my italian greyhound in.  He talks to them Very rude. Called to make an appointment and ask a general question but the lady who answered the phone was very matter of fact and rude. Not a good first impression. Always a good experience" Emma had 15 good years and I wanted her passing to be as good an experience as it could be.  She did not get that." Dr. Lieb performed surgery on our guinea pig and did an excellent job.  The surgery was flawless and our guinea is healthy and happy now.  The price was excellent for her work including general anesthesia. New doctor! Great experience this morning with a Dr. Boyd with almost 20 years experience. Dr. Leib is also back for a couple days a week. If you haven't been here lately give them a try! I think you will be pleased. I had an amazing experience with the new veterinarian. Her name is  Pamela Boyd.She is amazing.She took care of my dog like Doctor Lieb.I recommend this veterinary to everybody who wants a vet who cares about the animals 5 STARS..I cannot switch the stars in my precious review but I give them 5 stars:) The staff is amazing and very loving:)  they called a couple hours later to check up on him in case he needed additional care before they closed for the holiday (they also provided information on the closest emergency animal clinics) and took the time to make follow-up calls to check on him a few days later. I highly recommend them!"  we appreciated her honesty on our cat's condition. Considering the circumstances After taking my families pet there for over 25 years well before this new location and in trusting them with their care they have gotten exceedingly worse. I'm warning people that when I called in with a serious issue with my dog on Friday they told me I definitely needed to get my dog scene that day but that the vet was not in until next Thursday. The most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. They then proceeded to tell me that they didn't feel comfortable with recommending another place because they didn't want it to come back on them. That I needed to check the reviews myself and get my dog scene. They then told me when I called in to double-check that they had faxed in my dog's file 2 Kaibab that they had when in fact I have had not received it. Again this place is supposed to be a hospital and supposed to provide care and we caring also recently when calling in on the day that they normally order their prescription dog foods and asking them to do so they did not and so they had to wait to order her prescription dog food the next week where my dog would have gone hungry or gotten the wrong food causing health problems. It's just started to get ridiculous. I don't expect perfection but my dogs deserve better than this. You and your pet will love Virginia!" Virginia Kennaway has been my vet for over 14 yrs.  She was referred to me by a co worker who was singing her praises.  She comes right to your house and does everything right there. (I don't think this service cost more) I had two large rottweilers and a cat. It was hard to put them all in my mustang.  The rotties have passed on but she was wonderful to them and always right on with her diagnosis. My male rottie lived till he was 14yrs old and he died silently in the night.  My cat is 14yrs old and doing great.  I truly do believe their longevity and great health is due to her great care.  She does not waste  time or money.She is always upfront and honest.  I refer  all my family members and friends to her.  I really appreciate all she does..  when my epsilon had an eye issue I decided to seek out a mobile vet-I don't know why I didn't consider this sooner.  Dr. Kennaway was just wonderful and I would certainly patronize her business again without hesitation.  Prices were better than I expected for an in-home visit."  my calls were never returned another time it took a week.  I could not rely on her care if my dog was ill.  Although she comes up as a Phoenix vet Virginia has been our vet for 6 years. She has been incredible. We love that she comes to you. She is very caring and all our pets have loved her. I would definitely recommend her to everyone. I have been taking my Jack Russel ""Jackass"" to them for years....highly recommended." My new kitten got sick the first week I got her. In a panic I took her to VCA. They were so good with her. I felt very comfortable with them taking care of what ever the problem was. As well they could not be nicer to me. I received follow up calls which was great. I recommend these guys for sure. "Great staff and friendly service.. couldn't ask for a better place to take my pug "We recently adopted our new dog from the humane society and were able to take her to this vet for a check up. We were very impressed by how sweet everyone was. The receptionist  shots and some dental cleaning.  Let's just say that he is socially challenged and takes a bit of time and effort before he really warms up to people.  The staff here did everything to work with him and make him feel comfortable without manhandling him.  It did take a second visit and some nice doggie downers to get the shots and bloodwork done but his return for dental work went much better.  Very impressed with the professionalism of Dr. Walker and his staff.  They followed up with me and showed genuine concern for the well being of my hiking buddy.  On top of that  so we took her to VCA Mountain View. I was impressed from the beginning with how professional each staff member is. They are knowledgable and caring each visit and really make sure that they get to know each of their clients/patients. My dog gets really nervous at the vets (has since the first visit) and is probably one of the most difficult dogs there (in my opinion lol). I couldn't believe how calm they stay even when she tries to bite them. Each visit that we have made We are traveling and our cat was losing weight and becoming more and more lethargic.  These folks saw us the day we called.  They contacted our vet at home and spent time to teach us how to properly manage our newly diabetic cat.  All staff were friendly and welcoming.  Not inexpensive but we did feel like we got our moneys worth. First time taking Charlie here for her last shot after we adopted her. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful as well. Our doctor was great at answering all the questions we had (being first time puppy parents) Location is also perfect walking distance and next to one of our favorite breakfast joints- Scramble! Which is dog friendly :) Definitely will be Charlie's permanent doggy hospital. Pepper loves Dr Walker and the staff at Mountain View  he makes us feel as if he loves our dog more than any other that comes in the door.  We feel that he is fairly conservative in what tests and/or procedures he recommends and takes one step at a time.  He has also been honest when our issue is out of his realm of expertise and has made excellent recommendations to specialists.  He is patient with us when we have a lot of questions and always follows up with written material when applicable.  The office's long term staff are fantastic and always seem so happy to see us.  Christina the office manager has been there for as long as we have been going and has become like a friend.  We would highly recommend Dr. Walker and his staff to anyone."  but specifically with the dog I just adopted.  Tech Heather and Dr Walker were really fantastic-- super personable and knowledgeable.  I'm pretty sure I'm coming back here to get her treatment she needs in the near future instead of my regular vet  they give you a print out of what it is going to cost. The facility is extremely clean. There are two resident cats that also live at VCA Mountain View as well. The only downside is that there is limited handicapped parking. There are only two spots (one is always taken Recently my significant other and I adopted an 11 week old puppy from the AZHS. With that adoption we received at VCA for a well visit exam and any potential illnesses within 14 days of adoption. It was my first time going to a VCA and I was pleasantly surprised. They checked him over for his wellness visit. A few days later he developed a cough and they were helpful and made it easy for us to get treatment for him. We have been back twice now and each time they were incredibly thorough and the staff was very friendly. The clinic also looked very clean. I have previously taken my pets to anther veterinarian but after the experiences I have had at VCA I will never take my dog to another clinic. Woot woot! Great and caring staff! Dr Walker is awesome! I am glad that we found this clinic near our home. Great service and very caring vet."  they asked me if vaccines were needed (they have the records!) they had sold me a bordetella shot (verses nose spray) based on the fact that it was good for a year and then gave my dog another shot (only six months later)  AND charged me an additional wellness check because they have a policy no shots without a wellness exam.  WHAT?!     $113.00 charge for expressing anal glands for a 20 pound dog and providing a vaccine my dog did not need." "The front staff were really helpful and very friendly. The vet tech was wonderful and very kind. The vet I saw was informative and excellent at his job. He called with the test results as soon as they were ready. I enjoyed the overall feel of the hospital Wellness and Preventive Medicine" I have to agree with the previous reviewer.  Dr. Clark is awesome.  Very nice guy who loves animals and who does not try to upsell you on anything.  I've been taking my dog to Orangewood for the past three years and I have nothing negative to say.  Go see Dr. Clark! I recommend Dr. John Clark and the staff at the Orangewood Animal Hospital." Love Orangewood Vet clinic! The whole staff is great and really cares about your animal. I have never had a vet who will spend the time necessary to discuss whats going on with your pet and then some. He is so full of great information about all animals. I would highly recommend Dr. Clark for the care of your pet. "concur all previous positive notes.  We had our cat in last year for work and both the staff and the doctor are excellent.  I would recommend that you use the services or if out of your range C7YKuZIZ-h-DpaSeBK69Fg  he gave me food advice and education on her growing process such as her weight teeth and eye sight the girls are okay but i go for the Dr. my puppy wont know another doctor ever again! go see him :)" I'm so disappointed that I thought we had finally found a great vet and he turned out to be this way.  We will now be on the search for a new vet. I hope no one else has to experience this type of treatment when they are only trying to go out of their way to help homeless animals." "I am preparing to travel with small dog and need pricing for health certificate.  I called a few places....when I called here I was told ""no pricing over the phone"".  What?  Are you kidding?  Not even for the document? How about price for office visit?  NO...she told me no pricing given for ANYTHING over the phone.  I suspect it is on the same lines as a restaurant with no pricing on the menu...I can't afford it.  This was the ONLY place that could not give me a price for a simple office visit or health certificate."  and suggested an ultrasound to properly locate the problem. My dog needed surgery and Dr. Jennifer Marschel at Orangewood Animal Hospital failed to properly diagnose this life threatening condition. So glad I did not trust Dr. Jennifer Marschel. Hope that Dr Clark will drop this dead weight so his practice does not sustain further damage to it's reputation." "Just adopted a dog from RESCUE and needed a veterinarian to do a post adoption exam. I was surprised that I was able to get a same day appointment. Everyone in the office is nice and welcoming. The doc was extremely nice. He sat down with me and answered any questions that I had and gave me suggestions too. You don't see that to often. Couldn't believe that the exam was no charge since I adopted her from a rescue.  The only thing I had to pay for was the vaccinations. Also just adopted a little guy and took him here.  The doctor and staff were so nice.  You get a free exam if he is a rescue!  Definitely bringing snowball back  without hesitation.  Dr. Clark was extremely compassionate.  He handled the situation with the attention that it required.  My dog was put to sleep but not before a blood test assured me that his condition was irreversible.  I could not have asked for a more sensitive and caring experience.  I have always had this experience with Dr. Clark over the years.  He turned what could have been a horrific experience into a bearable and necessary experience that ultimately relieved my dog of the extreme pain that he was in.  I left his office knowing that I had done everything I could for my dog and that my dog was cared for and respected in the last moments of his life." Dr Clark is a great vet and his team are very compassionate and diligent with follow up.  My cat Frankie was lucky to get such great care!  but to me as well! They've taken wonderful care of  our Jane over the years & have always made us feel that our family AND our pets are truly valued. Jane has had several procedures done at Orangewood & has come out of each one more easily than I could've hoped! Dr. Marschel & Dr. Clark have each done an amazing job of assessing  and care. The staff at Orangewood Animal Hospital is equally dedicated. I am grateful to have found an animal hospital of this caliber! I am frankly at a loss as to where these negative reviews come from. This is nowhere near anything I have ever dared imagine  and knowledgeable. I am so happy we chose Orangewood Animal Hospital after researching several nearby vets. All the techs I've interacted with are also very nice and informative."   Get ushered into a room with  no wait.  Dr. Clark is in my room within minutes of my arrival.  Does an examination and reassures me it is NOT CANCER.  Said its simply bladders stones and puts her on a new diet in addition to treating her respiratory problem.  No drama   Dr. Marschel did a great job finding the problem and treating it. My poor hurt and terrified old man cat peed all over his carrier and himself and she totally took it in stride and comforted him so sweetly like it didn't matter that he was wet and stinky. And again I HIGHLY recommend North Phoenix Spay & Neuter Clinic to anyone wanting a wonderful vet that cares and takes the best care of your pet." Despite what seems like a dead end we are determined and will never stop until we get this resolved." If there were an option for 0 stars that's what I'd choose. This place should be shut down. Years ago I made the mistake of taking my puppy Lucy to get spayed here and from the get go the staff was very rude and acted as if they were put out answering any questions I had at all. Later that day I picked Lucy up and her incision looked like a giant sloppy wound you would see in a horror movie. When I asked about it they assured me it was fine and would not send home any pain meds for her. The next few days Lucy was in extreme pain wailing and crying all night which shouldn't be the case. I thought that experience was bad but nothing compared to my brother's. Just yesterday my brother took his puppy Leo here to get neutered when they picked Leo up he was bleeding everywhere. When they brought it to the vets attention they assured them that it's normal to stop worrying. So they took him home. Well the bleeding wasn't normal he kept bleeding profusely to the point that his scrotum was completly filled up with blood and swollen up huge. This is the point they took him to the emeegency pet clinic where they gasped and said it is definatly not normal. They kept Leo overnight and good thing. They said if he wasn't brought in there was a good chance he would have bled out overnight. They also informed him that they get quite a few emergencies that come in after going to this hack shop North Phoenix Spay and Neuter Clinic. So take it from me if you can avoid this place at all cost if your pet means anything to you. I will never step foot in this place again. I think my cat's EAR is worth more than fifteen dollars. If they would have cared more about it (or at least given off the appearance that they did!) THE LESSON TO BE LEARNED HERE IS THAT YOU SHOULD NEVER SIGN A WAIVER THAT IS GENERAL AND ALL-INCLUSIVE BECAUSE IT GIVES THOSE VETERINARIANS SWEEPING POWERS TO DO WHATEVER THEY WANT WITH YOUR ANIMAL AT YOUR EXPENSE." Everybody here was amazing and can't wait to bring our other dog in a few months for his check up." This place may not be the most up scale but they truly care about the animals. Iv'e had numerous cats and dogs fixed here and no problems. Way cheaper than most vets. We had our golden retriever put to sleep here and the tech cried as much as we did! The docs were good with explaining what was wrong with him and what they could do to keep the costs down  until we were ready to let him go. They gave us as much time afterwards to spend with him until we went home. Received a nice sympathy  note signed by the staff a week or so later.  teeth cleaned and her nails ground down.  They disclose all fees up front so there are no surprises when you come to pick up your pets.  I would strongly suggest you give them a try for quality care at very reasonable prices."  they charged us more.  They said that another company runs their website and was supposed to have already updated the pricing on their site.  Since the price did not match several months ago when we had our male rabbit neutered  I have come to know what to look for/expect. I love their doctors/their staff/those behind the scenes. Low cost and affordable for those who simply cannot afford the astronomical prices elsewhere. With multiple pets Thank you to everyone at Sugarloaf you helped in mending my broken heart!" I would like to say Thank you soooooo much for all the help!"  madly trying to upsell treats and toys and junk to me at the counter when I was checking out "I went to get rabies shots for both of my chihuahuas.  One is a little chunky and the other is really skinny.  They weighed them and said they were each three pounds heavier than usual. The vet told me my skinny dog was over weight! I told them that their scale was off but they said it wasn't.  I went to Pets Mart later that night and weighed both of my dogs.  And I was right  is amazing with my dogs. They always call the next day to make sure the dogs are alright after any shots or tests. They even squeeze me in the same day if something comes up."  I finally found the one I plan to trust to take care of my 2 little ones. The customer service is great. I've never felt so reassured and sure they're in the right hands until now. So glad my search is over :)" "My 8 years old cat got vaccine-associated fibrosarcoma after visiting with this vet clinic. I was never informed about risk of cancer when I agreed on vaccinations. Now he is dead. I also agree with previous poster about pushing unnecessary tests "Sugarloaf has a puppy package to help ""save money"" but I have spent around 450$ on vaccines and a microchip. I started searching around other vets when it came time to neuter my dog because sugarloaf said it would be another 450$ to do so and 350$ to have his dewclaws removed. I've found a lot of other places with vaccine packages ranging from 60 to 100$ and neutering from 50 to 75$ This place is out for money. Do not suggest this place." 000 on my dog that she says needed a lot of ""work done and testing done"" she made me cry in my car on my way home making me feel like I was a bad pet owner. I went to go get a second opinion from another vet and he told me that my dog was just fine and that the things she was telling me I had to get done was completely ridiculous!! I also got a 3rd opinion and he also said my dog was just fine as well! I will never go there again and I urge everyone I know to stay away from this place!" "Very disappointed with this place! It's all about the dollar with this business. They play on your emotions and love for your pet. Procedures are typically double the cost researching on line and there are always add- ons. I questioned the cost of removing a small skin tag during a teeth cleaning (over $200) Amrit Rai DVM said ""You remind me of a joke"" I wasn't there for a joke and we didn't stick around to hear it. We won't be back." Sugarloaf sent us a Thank you / Welcome to our family card  I am so glad to have you taking care of my furry kids medical needs." "Have just been once because we just got a puppy and were having him looked at.  They were very friendly and helpful. The vet seemed very happy to be working with my dog You will be more than happy with him We took Pauly back to Dr. Schure about two weeks ago. He didn't order a crazy amount of blood work. He could tell by looking at him that he was doing rather well. He decided to keep him on his medication and his diet and play it by ear. I'm so grateful.  Pauly aka ZombieKitty is doing so great. His quality of life had improved exponentially and we have Dr. Schure to thank for making Pauly's 20th year one of his best. GO. Go. I send all my clients there and they're all satisfied."  Dr. Cook gave my puppy a shot. My puppy did not like this and made a low growl. Dr. Cook grabbed his face and wrestled my puppy on the exam counter. He then proceeded to tell me that my puppy is a bad dog with aggression issues that I'm going to have major problems with. This is absolutely ridiculous...in fact "I spoke to Dr. Jeffrey S. Cook today and as usual he helped me with the concerns I had about my dog ' Mr. E. Bay'.  He has always displayed care  to Lookout Mountain when my regular vets office failed to discover why he was limping.  Dr. Schure was a pleasure to work with.  He not only took special care of my Dude but he also gave my curious two year old attention.  My appointment was quick and efficient.  Dr. Schure and his staff were able to diagnose the problem within minutes and give Dude the correct medication.  Within hours  but they took care of my dog. She had to have some pretty extensive dental work done and they did a great job. They gave me very clear instructions  and Lookout Mountain is the lucky winner. The front desk was very cooperative at shuffling her right into the exam room when we arrived so that she wouldn't have to sit in the waiting room (with all those scary strangers). The vet tech and the vet were both very patient and so very sweet to her throughout the visit. My dog responded very well to their kindness "I have been using the Vet and grooming services at this location for almost 3 decades and would hesitate to take my dogs anywhere else. Christine We just moved to the area and had not established a Vet for our Pug Chester.  This morning he had a severe allergic reaction to something and we had seen Lookout Mountain Veterinary Clinic while driving by so we drove over there.  They read the panic on our faces and took care of Chester right away.  He is now doing great and we have a new Vet!  bites and flees whenever we try. I was shocked with how quickly the groomer calmed him down and painlessly and efficiently trimmed his nails. It was like magic! There was no wait and the entire process only took 15 minutes. The final perk...only $12! We will never go anywhere else!"  bites and flees whenever we try. I was shocked with how quickly the groomer calmed him down and painlessly and efficiently trimmed his nails. It was like magic! There was no wait and the entire process only took 15 minutes. The final perk...only $12! We will never go anywhere else!"  she is incredibly thorough and took amazing care of my Buddha while he was having some issues this past week. Dr. Gulinson offered several options and called me several times to check on my dog or give me more information. The staff was friendly and helpful. Thanks to all for taking such good care of my baby!" "I recently rescued 2 kittens that were only a few days old when I found them. Today one had an issue that I was concerned about and I called around to literally 18 (I counted) different vets and all of them were booked far into next week and others said I needed to go to an emergency clinic. Feeling completed exhausted by explaining what was going on to every single vet I finally came across Lookout Mountain. I let the girl on the phone know what was going on and they scheduled me in within the hour. As soon as I got there they immediately knew who I was and the lady at the front Thanks to her I have my pup." Dr. Adam C.  Schure @ Lookout Mountain veterinarian clinic is an exceptional doctor and his staff is wonderful.  Dr. Schure and his staff were very loving and caring to my pet Misty who was very sick with some type of infection and lumps on her neck and groin. Misty is doing great now with the help of Dr. Schure. I only have wonderful things to say about Dr. Schure  and would highly recommend him for your pets care Lookout Mountain is the first clinic out of 5 that actually checked my entire dog's body during her first visit. I saw Adam Schure and Lisa Gulinson and both have been great. I haven't met with Jeff Cook yet but I think I will the next time just so I know him.  They are informed and knowledgeable and the staff is very cordial.  I would definitely recommend them. Wish they were a little more holistic but I'm sure someday they will do more of that. I wouldn't even consider going some place else!" Today I took my new little pup  to his first puppy check up.. and shots.. I was nervous.. he was nervous.. I pop him in my Beemer .. and he plops his nervous puppy self down on my friends business shirts that he's asked me to drop at the cleaners.. (oops forgot about that).. and away we go.. the staff at Desert Hills is super nice.. super informative.. and Dr. Sellers is great.. hes gentle.. knowledgable and gave the pup his shot in a way that he didnt even know.. a bit of puppy treat.. and we were back in the Beemer and away to drop those shirts..before I forget again. I am so thankful for Dr. Cellers. He is amazing." "I have to say I love and my pets love Desert Hills Animal Hospital. My family has been seeing Dr. Cellers for many many many years now. Since then both of our family pets have passed on but I still continue to take my cats there. You can tell they are comfortable with Dr. Cellers. When we adopted our first from the Humane Society you get a free exam at VCA well needless to say our kitty was very skiddish and not happy there. Took her to Desert Hills Animal Hospital and she was a competely different Cat. Their office is so nice Kudos for setting the bar so high!" P.S. Their prices are reasonable."  ""WHO IS THIS"".. I said ""Shadow""  and she was so rude to me.  My dog barks because she is a watch dog and everyone in the office acted so snobby to me.  I decided to leave "*******DO NOT TRUST OR USE THIS INCREDIBLY INCOMPETENT VET*********Absolutely horrible.  Dr. cellars treated my dog for 11 years.  About 4 years ago my dog was in a grooming accident. His eye was lacerated. He needed med for his eye for the rest of his life.  When I contacted pets mart to file a claim  we decided pretty quickly we were going to switch to this vet from our old one. I totally trust Dr. Cellers opinion and he thoroughly explains reasons behind any treatment your pet may need. I also love that they post pictures of all the new baby clients on the bulletin board so you can watch how much they grow! Sooo cute! I also have to say that their prices are the most reasonable and competitive I have seen. They even offered to let us pay half of our kitten package upfront and then the rest at a later appointment since we were paying for two kitties. I thought this was very accommodating and considerate since even the most general vet bills can get pricey! Thanks for giving us a home we can trust Desert Hills! Your passion for the care of animals is not only apparent but appreciated!" Dr. Cellers has been amazing to work with. He made the transition to his office from our old vet very painless and simple. He's been nothing but courteous. The staff makes you feel very welcome and are very passionate about their jobs. Couldn't be happier and would definitely recommend to anyone who wants someone that will love your animal just as much as you do. "Dr. Cellers and his colleague are the most compassionate vets I have ever met. I will never go to another office again. I feel complete comfort when I take my pets to desert hills because I know they are in great hands.  the front desk ladies and assistants are incredible  they have always been nice and courteous to me and my pets.  Not planning on changing anytime soon.    Sad to see that someone actually had a bad experience here." Dr. Cellars himself is a great dr. Very polite and knowledgable! He gave my dog her shots and everything went smoothly. The staff there is EXTREMELY RUDE!!!! There were two girls there that were particularly rude. Jen and I am not sure of the other one. Lynn was the only nice one there! Even though the dr is very nice I would NEVER go back to this place because the people who work with him are terribly rude!! DONT WAIST YOUR TIME HERE!! I'd recommend this to anyone in the area I know!"  ""It is sad that people immediately go to the social media with a complaint rather than (incorrectly stated as 'then') address it personally...."". This comment fulfilled my pursuits to wait a substantial amount of time before publishing this review. I wanted time to take a step back  and then try to blame the client for getting upset for the malicious treatment. Incredible"  our 2 other dogs are both due for their rabies and annual visits.  They hold weekly clinics where they waive the exam fee (around $25 per animal - it adds up!)  we received a receipt and no further information. The vet never asked me about my dogs past shot records. It turns out your dog only needs rabies shot every three years. When we asked them about it... They said they gave us paperwork and told us it was every 3 years but they didnt. They were just giving him the shot and collecting money.. No questions asked. How unprofessional! I will never take my 5 year old chihuahua back again." I posted this same review for the Desert Ridge location because we have taken our dogs to both (in hopes that one was better than the other) - unfortunately  charged me $45 for it and within six hours the bandage fell off because it was not properly done and they refused to put a new one without charging  me again.... this is the first time this happens I have had good experiences at other Banfield's for the last nine years but this one is an exception  not focused on money) I realized how crappy this place really is. Would NOT recommend. I have yet to know someone that has had a positive experience with any Banfield Please do not go here. They are all about money and themselves. Protect your pet and yourself." "Just waiting for my contract to end. In an emergency you CAN NOT get your pet seen. My puppy was dying from Parvo and they would not fit him in.They told me to go to a pet ER...why am I paying for this  insurance?? I found a vet that is not sales driven...and cheaper than my price with ""insurance"". Horrible....I have steered multiple friends away from this mistake since I have signed up. Never again." Remember non-profit groups like Home Fur Good (32nd Street and Shea) have cheap vaccination clinics (most Sundays) and even inexpensive micro-chipping if you are on a tight budget." The people here are absolutely awful and have no compassion for my pet! They called to deliver some test results and I missed their call. I have called back every hour since and still haven't gotten the full test results! it's been six hours! I have known Dr.Cotter for many years and she would not tolerate this behavior. Also I have a dog that passed away last year and guess what I am still paying her insurance even though she had died! I think this is the most insensitive place I have ever been too. A word too the wise don't take your pets here! These are just a bunch of money hungry people with poor customer service skills and no compassion. Maybe you should have some your employees take a course on communication at a local community college.  and care about the animals and owners.  I wasn't the only one crying when Heike passed away.  They are very good about discussiong the pors and cons of various procedures (including cost versus benefit) "Dr. Constance Organek is amazing!  She took the time to help me understand how to care for my bird.  I've been to a lot Vets We are very happy with their services and would bring our pets to them again." Great group of people who seem to genuinely want to help and not just get through all the appointments. They take care of both our dogs Bradock and Malea and we are very appreciative of all their help. We've been taking our cats and a dog here over the last 3 years I would highly recommend this office to others as not only was Dr. Farrington but the entire staff sympathetic in such a trying time.." This place killed my dog!!! After changing his seizure medication per Dr. Farrington two weeks into the transition he started showing signs of abnormal behavior I called the vet office to get the Dr. advice. No call back!  Four days later he entered the longest seizure hes ever had I took him to the ER they pumped Valium into him and hours later the seizures finally stopped after three days in the ER doctors that worked there contacted Shea Animal Hospital to speak with Dr. Farrington still they couldnt get a hold of him.  I tried nursing my dog of 12 years back to health but it was clear he was gone and I had to make the tough decision to put him down.  Dr. Farrington Im calling you out your negligence has taken my best friend away and you should be ashamed of yourself!!!  Be warned I've been using Shea Animal hospital for over 20 years... Even though I have moved very very far away I still go back to them because Dr. Sampson and the whole practice is the best I have ever been to. I've now had 4 dogs that have been patients of Shea animal hospital and when they have to go for shots and checkups they actually get excited when they get there.  3 spays and 1 neuter. No problems ever. They even have the best groomer in town! Don't hesitate to come to this practice...it's such a friendly and welcoming place! I would recommend Shea Animal Hospital on the highest level and this is our new vet for our 5 year old lab from that date on."  one from Dr. Sampson himself.  He explained the blood results and discussed some other questions I had without rushing me off the phone.  I feel that Gizmo and I both got excellent service and care from this hospital and will recommend them to anyone looking for a good honest -They take GEMB Care Credit as payment for services rendered."  and are available for walk-in emergency care.  The staff was very kind when two of my older cats needed to be put down.  I cannot recommend them enough." Ozzy and I love Faust!" I would highly recommend this facility to anyone looking for an office that cares."  compassionate and went above and beyond any vet practice we have ever used before.  I'd recommend Faust to anyone.  Both doctors are wonderful!"  well over 20 years.  The staff is incredible and I can't say enough about how awesome they are.  We also bring our dogs to Faust for not only the best in vet care  the staff did everything possible to help us with our grief."  Kichen and Dr. Potter all helped my dog and the staff did everything to accommodate my schedule and requests.  I trust these folks!  They took very good care of my dog and of me - you just couldn't ask for any more!  Bravo!" Many thanks to everyone at Faust for 23yrs of the best veterinary care on the planet! And I never exaggerate." Incredible staff.  Been going here since Roman the dane was 8 weeks old.  Love the staff.  Great with big breed dogs.  Been coming to Faust for over 3 years now.  Highly recommended vets for all your animals.!  I decided it was time to start looking for a new vet closer to home. I stopped into two places and Faust was one. The staff at front was so friendly and patient with all my questions that I felt I had to give them a review. A vet's practice is as good as it's staff and these were engaging people. I have been to other offices where I was all but invisible and the staff obviously harried  because I have had a difficult time finding a place to get his nails trimmed. He hates having his nails clipped and can be more than difficult about it. The staff was very friendly and accommodating  techs and office staff were very caring and helpful when it was time. They have a special room that allows you to be with your baby sitting on a couch or floor or chair. Wherever you guys are most comfortable and they sit in your lap almost the entire time. A very personal experience as oppose to a normal vets office. They explain everything as it's going to happen and as it is happening. I can't thank them enough for being so amazing during such a hard time. I can't recommend them enough!!! Thank you very much Dr. Wiblin and staff." This review is long over due and I usually don't write reviews on anything.  I have been taking my shitzu to Faust Animal hospital for the past 8 years.  Dr. Wiblin is the most caring knowledgeable veterinarian I have ever met in my life.  She is thorough and will give you so much of her time.  I believe that my shitzu would not be alive today if it wasn't for her and her entire staff.  I live 45 miles away from Faust and pass over a dozen veterinarian clinics and would NEVER think to take him anywhere else!  From day care to grooming to medical attention.....Faust animal hospital IS by far EXCEPTIONAL and TOP TOP TOP NUTCH!!!!!!!!!   I have turned down opportunities in the past to move out of state because I fear that I will not find a veterinarian like Faust anywhere else.  It's the entire Faust team that makes it such an AWSOME place!!!! Thank you Dr. Wiblin and Dr. Potter and everyone for being their for my furry baby Milou. DzHXDDT4QoEX847MEAFYiQ fa2_5ccWEYEpIIa-h6EGQQ I would (and do!) highly recommend Dr. Grant and his wonderful clinic to any cat owner who is looking for a great vet.  I'm very happy to have been told about this wonderful office!"  the whole place - and I would highly recommend it to anyone searching for the ""right"" vet for their cat.  They truly care about their patients and their owners and will always do their best to take care of you quickly  you can say hello to the assortment of kitties who live there. They add their own special charm to the office  if they don't know the answer they will find out.  Love Doc & The Scaredy Cat Hospital and will continue to give this my highest recommendations!" All the staff very nice and we can pick up their new prescription cat food here and they have Saturday hours if we need." "Dr.'s Grant and Woods and their staff truly care about cats. I have been taking my two male cats there for over 1 year and recommend you do too. The Dr.'s and staff take their time each visit and I've never felt shuffled in and out. They've taken the time to explain my cat's conditions  Dr. Woods and all their staff are great.  We have five cats and have been bringing them to the Scaredy Cat Hospital for the last ten years.  It is the best thing we ever did.  We highly recommend them  i talked to another vet who said the awful sulfur baths i had given to my cats (which they hated and i hated) was not even needed. the other vet also said i didn't need all these shots they said i did since their indoor cats. yes did they clear up my cats original problems coming from the shelter of eye infection and respitary infection sure  without voicing anything.  They were great in explaining out our concerns and gave suggestions.  He also did not rush into the costly or unnecessary treatments.  I am happy to have had them recommended to us and couldn't imagine having taken them elsewhere.  Even if you have to make a 30 minute drive  but the other has just a little tarter and not even to worry right now about having them get them clean! I could have wasted thousands of dollars!  Great name Do NOT use their cat sitting / housing services." "I recently had a business to business experience with Scaredy Cat Hospital and absolutely loved it.  I installed window film on their front office windows and one interior window.  The lady at the front desk was very polite and fun to talk to.  Once I give in to letting my girlfriend get a cat (my whole family is allergic) This place is wonderful since the moment you walk in the staff is very nice and welcoming. Dr.Woods and Dr. Grant have both seen my Cat and they are both very honest and professional. They treat your pet as if it was their own. I would Highly Recommend The Scaredy Cat Hospital to all Cat Lovers :) This place is top notch! My cat Rue is extremely difficult but everyone here at this place is sooo accommodating. They love her and take their time so you never feel rushed. If I could only find a dog vet with this quality of care and compassion. Thanks Dr. Grant and staff! Been coming to Dr. Grant for nearly 8 years now. He has always been attentive to my cat's needs and explains everything. I sincerely love The Scaredy Cat Hospital and trust them with my kitty.  accurate and thorough. thank you for making my experience as pleasant as it could be." I can't imagine a better vets!"  and this was without anything but an x-ray.  I had to literally beg him to physically examine my cat and he felt a growth.  I pursued further diagnostics and he had cancer of unknown origin.  I am upset because in November something was happening and it was not addressed.  Dr. Wood said that we were trying to balance the thyroid medicine and maybe my cat did not adjust to it just yet There is never a a second thought about where to go for anything we need for our kitty babies.  I simply couldn't imagine going anywhere else." fa2_5ccWEYEpIIa-h6EGQQ  they're 1/3 closer to approval. I have high expectations when it comes to the health care of my little buddy. He's been (an awesome) part of my life for 14 years & I love him... You bet your ass I won't accept anything less than the best care for him. I found exactly that today at Scaredy Cat Animal Hospital!! The staff scored high as well! They were kind  Dr. Grant (so patient even when our boy sprayed him) and ALL of the staff at Scaredy Cat. We love you all and will miss you!" Years later I decided to add another kitty in my life (her name is Snow) and I can't imagine taking her anywhere else! You definitely need to to use them for your felines primary care physician!"  and offered hugs and listened to me talk about my cat and never made me feel like I wasted their time. He was in worse condition than I thought and they assured me I did the right thing. Dr. Woods is very very sweet and I would recommend this practice to any cat owner." Dr Wood is the best! She is so caring and knowledgable. The office is very nice. Everyone is professional. I would highly recommend them.  aftercare and keeping me abreast of the fees (no surprises!) They gave her a cute ""lion"" haircut and even a cat T-shirt! She recovered nicely from her procedure and is doing great! I brought Corky to Scaredy Cat when she was younger This will be our persian kitty's new vet! We were extremely worried when our princess became sick overnight and we rushed down to Scaredy Cat Hospital first thing in the morning. They let us drop her off while she was there and we were relieved that she was being monitored and treated. Everyone there was very nice to work with and communicated well regarding our princess's health status. I was honestly worried sick about my Nyusha and now she is back to her normal crazy self and I couldn't be happier! I love this place!  yes doctors and vets are expensive. This is truly the most expensive stray!!" Took my Maine Coon mix (she is adorable af) to Scaredy Cat Hospital. We were immediately greeted by professional yet compassionate people; they seem to truly care about cats! The staff is friendly & capable. My cat was in expert hands. I am happy that I chose Scaredy Cat Hospital. "Great office staff! They were all very friendly and personable. The doctor was amazing as well! He even gave me his email to give him updates on my cat. The office staff even emailed me a few days after my appointment asking me how my Cookie was doing. I was very very impressed and will definitely be back! I highly suggest you going there him .They allowed my husband to be with him at the last moments and they were thoughtful in dealing with our family's grief."  but understands the emotional and financial needs/pressures of a pet owner.  This is the place to come." I have a Boston Terrier and a Pug and they actually love going to the vet" I took my two chihuahuas in and the staff there are friendly and very understanding. They did an excellent job at dealing with my crazy dogs and I will definitely return :).  particularly when he is not feeling well. They displayed incredible patience in handling my pet and that is of the utmost importance to me. My only negative is the issue of how they handled the supposed need for further testing. They began a business relationship with me and pet with what I suspected to be dishonesty  and her staff enough for all that they did for our family.  If I ever get the courage to have doggies again (don't like the part about saying good bye to them) I will definitely come back to Dr. Val." They are amazing and even sent me flowers after my pet passed away. That is classy. r4hwh9ZqHNB0L0LBsPGcWw  and we're extremely pleased by the care they've been getting. In addition to the prompt "Dr. Fergurson and staff are terrific vetinarnars who care.  I took by two large dogs there for 13 years and would highly recommend her office.  I always felt like she and her staff cared and get my the straight answer.  I personally know when it came time for medications for my dogs Best Vet in Norther Phoenix by FAR!!!  birds) for 12 years and have nothing but glowing remarks about her  the vet techs and the vets.  They are always professional.    I would high recommend Phil and Lynda Saladino" r4hwh9ZqHNB0L0LBsPGcWw  and have tried several vets in the Phoenix area over the years. Although Four-Legged Friends is not the closest since we moved "Dr. Ferguson and her staff are phenomenal. Each and everyone of them has a very caring and nurturing attitude with all of the pets that come in. We have used this animal hospital since 2002. We moved away for about four years Dr. Ferguson and all that work at this office are amazing. I take my dogs and my snakes to them and they are outstanding. They treat you like family. I give them 5 plus stars for all the care and love they give.  patient and loving. We were sent home with a comprehensive knowledge of what we needed to do to give our girl the best chance at a complete recovery and all the tools we needed. 4LF has called every day to check on her. I'm so grateful and happy to say our boxer is thriving and while we have a long road ahead I'm really grateful for the great care they took and I think she's going to be okay." I hope management takes note of this and comes up with a plan to change the culture of this place so that patients and their pets alike are treated ethically. It was a close call for us Four-legged friends Animal Hospital rocks! We have been coming here regularly for the last year (and when I say regularly I mean a LOT as we Foster for a pug rescue that keeps us pretty busy) and we are totally impressed by the staff and the treatment we receive here. The whole staff is totally passionate about what they do and you can rest assured that your pets get the best treatment possible when you bring them here. Special thanks to Dr. Quant for going above and beyond to make sure that our medically complicated Foster Eleanor got back in tip top shape! Update on my baby dog! She came through the parvo just fine and takes a daily probiotic to help her get the nutrients she needs. 4 Legged Friends for life! Thank you guys so much :-) My experience with Dr. Ferguson and my sick cat was exceptional.  She is a great communicator and her staff is top-notch.  They meshed beautifully with my cat ... no drama whatsoever.  I had her dispense an anti-biotic and perform bloodwork on my pet.  Vets are expensive ... I did not find the prices to be out of the ordinary.  chronic illness that includes environmental allergies and infections. I had Emma to many vets before this one r4hwh9ZqHNB0L0LBsPGcWw My little girl Tinkerbell just had her teeth worked on the other day.  We had an amazing experience once again with Four Legged Friends. Thank you again for your amazing efforts in making sure that my fur kids are well taken care of. I love coming here. The doctors and staff are so friendly and honest. I have two 60lb Australian Shepards and they take such good care of them. I have been coming here for a couple years now. It is sometimes hard to find a place you can trust but I certainly trust them here. I can't say enough good things. "This is the only vet I prefer to use and drive 20 miles to bring my dogs here. Super friendly The cost is much more reasonable than other similar facilities in the area. As a full-time working single [dog] parent I highly recommend this Veterinary Clinic. Our Sammy was treated with dignity in her final hours. I will be using this clinic in the future. The pricing seemed very reasonable as well." Dr. Allen is the best vet in town!  I have two older dogs and one has a chronic health condition.  Dr. Allen and her staff gives such wonderful care and advice and is very cost-sensitive.  I highly recommend Dr. Allen and the Indian Bend Animal Hospital. I cannot give enough praise to Dr. Kathy Allen and her outstanding care of my cat. The prices were unbelievably low and my cat is extremely happy now that he is in the loving hands of a true professional. The doctors and techs at this hospital bar none have been the most caring and compassionate vet I have ever experienced . My dog swallowed the end of a rawhide bone yesterday and I rushed her there hysterical of course. They gave her immediate attention and saved her life . That let me sit with her as she woke up from sedation and also stayed with us as she came to. Dr.Isom was right by our side and couldn't have been more comforting through my hysterical crying. After all was said and done I returned home so grateful with my girl Jazzy. Thank you Indian Bend Indian Bend has a very capable staff that knows how to communicate effectively. Most importantly they really seem to care about doing a good job. I trust them with my dog.  who even tried to swipe at her. They have some friendly cats who live there and helped calm down my stressed out cat. She was able to remove my cats teeth after she got feline stomatitis (badly infected gum and teeth rotting out) and basically saved her life. She even left her with 2 front teeth that weren't infected that way not all her teeth were removed and made a good decision. There was no charge for a follow-up." I have brought 4 of dogs and one cat here treatment. It's obvious that they really care for animals. They Are compassionate and it shows  just like they do with our beloved Baxter.  They love what they do and the creatures they serve." We have been using Canyon Animal Hospital for over 30 years. Doctor Foster and his staff are very compassionate with all creatures brought in for care. Several of my friends and former co-workers are also fans of Canyon Animal Hospital. He just really loves dogs & takes good care of them." My dog just had an Epulis ( tumor) removed from his mouth( gums & roof ) at Canyon Animal Hospital....The staff there was outstanding...The tumor was wrapped around a tooth which needed to be extracted....My baby has rebounded quickly...I would definitely recommend Canyon Animal Hospital...Thanks to everyone there ..  like a new dog after her teeth were cleaned.  Dr. Hehn and his staff were great and so loving with Bella.   We won't go anywhere else." 