 and test a lens. There were several other customers in the store and he did his best to provide attention to everyone  but unless I'm in a pinch I'm probably going to order supplies online from now on."  Bruce created a customer for life.  I am in their debt.  Don't walk.  Run to Bernie's.  I can't wait to go back to visit Pittsburgh again so I can walk in myself and meet Bruce and see the amazing selection they have first hand.  This is customer service So I think the kind of experience you get depends entirely on the person you run into. I can see how someone would be put off by the dark haired guy I ran into first "Up-charges most of their products that you can find on B&H for way less money. Sales person treated me like I was a very inexperienced. Not a bad place if you're in need of camera gear without a moments notice Zhrz3u8oBwwc2MTeMK5mYA  and they charged me an extra 4 dollars a roll for no reason.  On the website they say $8 but they charged me $12.  The owner is very pretentious and rude.  When I told him that it says 8 dollars online he didn't care at all.  When I dropped my film off the high school kid didn't even tell me the price because ""it is too much for me to calculate""  Also  this is the only game in town. Makes me glad I live in New York City. You would think a store in a dying industry would thrive to provide better customer service  heck they even pointed me in the right direction to get a job (I just moved to Pittsburgh) all in all  showing that they are not elitist but inviting about photography. They know their stuff and are very helpful.  The best part about a store like Bernie's is that potential buyers of usually expensive equipment can actually get a look at and feel for products before they buy them.  You just can't match that type of experience online and I am proud to support their business." "I gave them a film to develop back in May.  They gave me a nice receipt.  One week later I call  not a great choice. I was once a frequent customer and now I curse this establishment. For the only 'real' camera shop around  they basically told me to go elsewhere. You would think in a dying business you wouldn't turn away potential customers - especially someone who was being pleasant and polite. Even after being a dick 