Clean. Staff is always friendly and chill. Usually dont have to wait in line. The typical overcrowded videogame store on weekends though..whiny babies kids fighting to play the new demos and that typical junk lol but I zipped by on my lunch break to preorder BF4 and was in and out in 10 minutes with a smile on my face.  especially during the winter hoildays Black Friday probably beat the pants off them. You can buy new or used game system consoles and also new or pre-owned games. There's an ""in store"" trade in program for used games where you can get store credit or cash. Great place to do preorders for new games if you want to guarantee yourself a copy the first day of release." "Awesome interaction! Had a complicated return and Rob handled this no problem. He was kind and curteous and was a HUGE help. This wasnt even his home store. Overall the experience was great and I walked away happy. Some stores are hit or miss  ""Thanks for finally bringing it back""  Sad to say I went home and got a Netflix subscription.  Will only use again in case of a video emergency!" I love this place. Its the best spot in town to find Foreign flicks as wel as independent films.  The workers are pretty funny as well.  I have to agree with Visart girl. Instant gratification might be worth the resulting public humiliation you have to experience at the counter when you're identified as a ""repeat offender""."  and she just knows off the top of her head that it was never released in this country.  After the pang of disappointment I knew I had found a kindred spirit.  This place also gets bonus points for being one of only two places I know of that have ""Moonchild"".  So if you're in the mood to expand your entertainment horizons check it out." I think I will pick up the City of God television series next time I am there I'd reactivate my membership if they'd let go of the late fees. I hope that Netflix doesn't kill Visart." "Visart is one of the few independent video stores I know of in Charlotte. It's got an awesome selection of mainstream and offbeat films that you might not be able to find elsewhere. The store is broken up into interesting sections with some film-makers receiving their own rows. I've dealt with some rude employees there too  there are times when you have an urge to watch a movie and you are unwilling to wait for 2-3 days.  Visart definitely fills that role for me." They charge late fees just like any other store that isn't a multinational conglomerate with a massive online presence and bottomless pockets for advertising.  So just return them before they're due and you're golden."  that's what.  Get yer toukas over here and rent something."  this is the one! So you need to take a look! Gem!"  I like the suicide-girls who work there. Great place and they know there movies. Thanks V." I know I am a fool- but I love the place. I love that I can bring my dogs in. I love that they always give them little treats even though my dogs hate treats. I love that there are stickers on the DVD's stating which employee loves the video. I love that they quietly judge me when I pick up a stupid romantic comedy. I love that I have had 45 minute conversations about LOST. I love that they late fees are ridiculously high and that I cannot help but to go there."  we went to the real movie store and found our flicks the honest way- scanning the shelves and reading the actual jacket cover- and we liked it." STcLx0y_X89TsC0m2gVgHw  from new releases to documentaries to foreign films. They also have good-sized collections for kiddies and gay lesbian cinema. Beware...there is an ""erotique"" section (as there should be...lol) that I have seen many an unattended child wander in to only to be discovered by their shocked parents. Always makes me laugh but probably because I have no rugrats of my own and am therefore still amused by that kind of thing. Friendly knowledgable staff...they will even hold movies for you for a couple days if you call and reserve them. You also get a 30 day grace period on your late charges I love this place for their selection of past & present independent films. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. You can also buy movies for very cheap if you're into buying them. Friendly and Knowledgeable staff always willing to make a suggestion.  They have ""Staff Pick"" stickers indicating which staff member liked which movie. One of the few places left that you can walk in and get ideas of what movies you may want to see!  Used movies for sale too!" Blockbuster and Netflix. Of course the best part is it is Local!!" They have a bounty of selection. But they love their late fees...even for their best customers. "Entering Visart Video is like what I would imagine walking into Netflix would look like. The selection is ridiculous  you suck. If you think the staff is handing out good customer service only to those who are ""cool"" you're trippin. It's a video store....with movie lovers working there..and something ALWAYS playing on the t.v.s..don't take it personal. The place is the shiz you can watch everything from Buster Keaton to blacksploitation to british drama to movies from  never called NOTHING. This used to be a great place now  after years of supporting them i have had enough of argumentative cashiers acting mean." UPDATE! Received an email from the owner which was a little intimidating stated that I should remove my post. Kinda think they should improve customer service then send an email. If you like movies (or maybe just want to get lost in their labyrinth classics and discover how many movies you've never seen I freakin' love this business! It's so hard to describe why I love it though. Just check them out. You won't regret it. I like their selection and wish I were closer so I could utulize them more. Awesome selection but staff are very rude Look for ""PICK"" stickers to help guide you in your selection."  they are close by my house.  I have a feeling I'll be frequenting this local business." I live in the neighborhood but it is worth a drive. I hope this awesome shop doesn't go anywhere for a long time!"  but being able to browse the selection and rent pretty much any movie you can think of is simply awesome!  This is the only movie store I know of as well as the coolest movie store I've ever experienced."  and a friendly atmosphere(dog friendly too) Visart is the place. I find myself quite often getting lost is their maze of movies looking for the next gem. Looking for one They don't have the wall of toys or the obscure flavors of popcorn. All they have is a transaction The only downside is that if you live far away if can be tough to get the movies back sometimes. But whenever that happens I look at it as a donation to one of my favorite local businesses in Charlotte." Horrible customer service. Unless you are into horror movies or The Simpsons the people working the counter can't give you a honest review. However they will make fun of your movie selections and treat you like crap. Can't wait to go back!! STcLx0y_X89TsC0m2gVgHw Awesome place to go for movies! I love that they still have VHS! And the staff is always friendly and helpful!  wearing combat boots should find an occupation out of customer service. Sorry I bothered you from sitting on your ***. This is a video rental store Otherwise they'd be getting five stars from me  but their knowledge of movies is as limited as their selection.  While I've been there twenty times or more over the years  I would think the cost of an angry customer(s) would be more concerning." "I was in Family Video last week. An employee told me that they are now going with all widescreen. They still have some older stuff that is fullscreen  the same type of people who still go to video stores are the same sort of people who contribute to youth organizations (lonely old people). I appreciate how much Family Video worked with us  excellent coffee and food just one door down  but I think it's something like 10 movies for $24 or so).  I prefer Bongo to Netflix because I feel I end up getting movies that I'm in the mood to watch." This location used to be a tiny little mom-n-pop grocery/convenience store. I'm probably the only person alive who remembers that. I think I shall start peppering my Yelp reviews with reviews of things that used to be there."  Geoff converted 99.8 % of his stock to DVDs. You can probably find leftovers still being given away in the store. DVDs are also for sale here." Amazing stock of mainstream and art films (they were stocking anime on Laserdisc before it exploded)  and a helpful staff. I'm willing to go here rather than the free library because they have the best hours and the most diverse selection." Oh and check out the Best B-Movie list.  That's an amusing drunken evening just waiting to happen."  Blockbuster - Rentertainment til I die." I9iYkqmioN8MuWEB9wWxkg  but man you end up wanting to rent and watch a lot.  They always had good music playing in it too.  The other location was pretty cool too "So I caved and am jumping on the That's-Rentertainment-Is-Awesome bandwagon.  Seeing as renting movies from the dorms/library is free  all over the country. their foreign film selection is unsurpassed." I have to echo all the praise for Rentertainment that other have given it. It is one of the best rental places ever and I have never been anywhere that had a better selection. I miss it so much now that I have left Champaign. Every movie rental place should take a clue from this place." "Yeah!  Rock on rentertainment.  It's the only home-video option in C-U for the non-brain dead crowd.  Documentaries  and you even get to keep them a little longer than normal.  The staff is always friendly and helpful - one of the managers always suggests movies for me to check out.  And the BluRay section is fantastic!"  and their prices are at least half of Blockbuster. The one reason it didn't get five stars is for the people who work there.  They are sometimes friendly  it just sucks that I am back in Chicago where ironically I can not find a store that even measures up to Rentertainment." "This is the kind of place where you can browse their selection of Australian sitcoms in PAL format.  They have a section for that.  The unusual ""rental block"" system means you can pay in advance at a discount.  When it's time to check out just show them your ID and there is no need for money or charge slips." "The best video store in the world.  Wish they still had their VHS collection but there is really never been or will be a better place to go and be overwhelmed at what to rent or not to rent I kind of wish there was a way to return videos without wading into campus  hands down. It's kind of like a physical version of Netflix. They have got everything." My only qualm is with their rental prices; in an age of streaming / dirt cheap rentals from Family Video check this place out."  go to the Early American Museum in Mahomet." What prevents me from giving it 5 starts is their stupid rule that you must have a special card and meet special requirements to rent a film from them  it still has titles not available anywhere else  yet it seems to have every movie that I ask for. The employees are knowledgeable about films and they seem to be in a good mood every time. It's simple to rent there and they always meet my needs."  they have a section of PAL DVDs you can probably find it in. Rentals can be as cheap as a dollar if you buy a block (pre-pay for 15 Did I forget to say that it is a local business and they have bike accessories?"  but the time you can rent the movie for is super short and their late fees are kinda high. Totally worth it for the awesome selection though."  you suck. and don't start bitching about how you don't even live in champaign-urbana The best video store ever! They have nearly everything and the employees are extremely knowledgeable and personable! I love the play on the name.... haha ha..... I think it is great. We have visited them many times and feel comfortable with their level of service. "I bought a block my freshman year. $100 dollars for 100 movie rentals. Best decision ever.  And you will go through the entire thing in 4 years. I don't know of a better deal anywhere in terms of the cost per rental. Netflix for example costs like 10 bucks a month for unlimited rentals "The best video store ever! They have nearly everything and the employees are extremely knowledgeable and personable! I recommend buying a block. That makes the price lower and you can keep the movie longer. They even gave me a free rental on my birthday! They have about any obscure movie you would ever want to find and if they don't have it Highly recommended.  I really miss having a place like this."  convenient location if you are a U of I student or work on campus. I'm so glad this place is here!" "This place is THE BEST for rentals. Usually great availability on new stuff (abused the Blu-Ray selection  and both times they've given me a coupon for a free rental to make up for it. They also don't even hassle you if have to use a credit card for a $2.50 purchase. I've even witnessed the owner giving a guy a free rental on his birthday! Very nice local business."  anywhere) to get your home entertainment fix. I love it so much there that I even make a habit of getting 25 cent gumballs from the dispenser by the door and enjoying their stale je ne sais quoi all the way home  obscure 80s cartoons and everything else hard to find that you don't want to watch in stuttering grainy footage on youtube. If you like foreign films there is no other place  That's Rentertainment is a one of a kind. It was an incredibly useful resource when I was taking film studies classes and needing to find blaxploitation movies in order to write a research paper. Their selection in just about every genre is incredible. They have no shortage of American indies Get a block of 100 movies for $100!" But its too expensive." I love this place! Definitely recommending getting a block. The staff are kind and helpful Two words for that:  Fucking Klassy." I will warn you though - this place is difficult to get to right now with all of the lightrail construction on Central. Don't let this stop you - you'll be missing out if you do!"  I'm impressed with your stamina. Weathering this construction madness and not sucking up to Blockbuster. You pack quite a wallop in that little space. I promise I won't wait until the next family reunion to drop by. In fact  in search of a film called Dementia 13.  I called ahead to verify they had it and hopped in my car.  Central Ave is still a big pain in the ass thanks to light rail construction  we've been in there at least once a week.  Bonus:  they have a water cooler right by the door.  Sweet!" If you are a movie buff this store is for you."  I repeat.... GO HERE TO FIND WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR!"  you Blockbuster managers.. I have had or witnessed an issue at this place.. scratched movies.. once I get them home.. just to go back and not even get an apology.. wow! you gave me a free movie.. the same one and you act like you did me a favor?! Ugh.. and the attitude and unprofessionalism of the peeps working there.. I mean.. seriously  the employees at this locations' pretty cool but there is this one female employee that really made me dislike this place. I came in there one afternoon wanting to buy used blu rays and little did I know they had a 5 for 20 deal that wasn't advertised. The employee that was workin that day told me that it was 4 for 20. And for 25 bucks I could get a fifth blu ray plus other snacks. I quickly jumped on that deal. Next day I came back and saw signs of the 5 for 20 deal. I felt betrayed by that liar."  he looked at me and instantly headed for the back of the store. so i got in line (and was next in line) but between the two other cashiers who were slow (mentally and physically) i waited for a loooong time and when i got to the counter i told the lady he gave me the wrong disc and she sat there dumbfounded as to how to swap the disc out No wonder blockbuster is going out of business. They arent very observant when i was needing help. they were very rude and didnt care to tell me all of the information i was looking for from them. its very dirty and not well organized.  whatever ""deal of the day"" they are having on snack items and drink combos does NOT apply to these. Too bad." 