V4rrrgVfAVwCI2737bhLIQ "I am also reviewing the Oakmont location since I have yet to visit the Pittsburgh store. I have consigned with this store I walked out with a vintage (60's) Pucci dress($88) in perfect condition and an Adrienne Vittadini sweater ($17).  All profits go to a women's shelter which means minimal buyers remorse...hell yess!!!"  particularly sundresses and halter tops.  But I came away with a nice gently used Michael Kors brown leather bag and a sweet men's Polo button down shirt.  No  and I only offered items that I thought were in excellent condition from high end retailers; even though I have seen brands in the store from Charter Club for example (Ambiance says they do not accept them in the consigning agreement). The employee was very apologetic and she said that she stood by her assessment that the items were of good quality Good place for cheap stuff."  but the volunteer staff does a pretty good job of keeping it stocked. There is always new stuff there. The real draw of this place is that it is cheap. I mean  but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here since there are a lot of other places with a much larger selection." They do have a dressing room!"  but I play bass in a bar band and every so often I love wearing vintage clothes on stage." i'm a total fan of eons. love their selection! a little pricey though. Growing up on Eons' vintage has spoiled me for any other vintage store.  I hold every other one up to its standards.  Thus  and it's relative to Hey Betty!  Which is another pretty good vintage shop.  Eons is better though.  They have clothes for all sizes and shapes.  Beautiful shoes and jewelry as well.  And Richard (god of vintage) is just a gem to talk to!"  although sometimes it doesn't have the sizes I need (I'm a petite 0-2). Also look up when you walk around the store. Some of the sweetest hats I have ever seen (I don't know where they find the stuff in that GREAT quality) are at Eons. Main point: If you love vintage I'm an experienced vintage shopper and baby - it doesn't get better than this!  And the prices - very reasonable for the quality of the clothing "This is a vintage shoppers paradise!  The place is stocked full of original vintage finds from the 1920's and on.  It may be packed full but it's easy to navigate between the different decades as they are clearly marked in select sections.  The prices aren't outrageous if you're looking for something unique for a special dinner or event.  You can tell that the owner goes above and beyond to find the best vintage selections.  It's not just clothes too  read several reviews & decided this was the place for me. I was beyond please! The 2 salesmen were great: personable and willing to answer questions. I purchased 2 fantastic vintage silver bangles for $8 a piece and a 50's wool hat for $10 that matches my wool coat perfectly. I wish I would have had more time  separated by era and then by size.  This is one of the only vintage clothing stores I've been to in the country that has a large selection of deadstock items  but don't be surprised to find pieces from the very early 1900s!  It's organized by men's and women's clothing I stopped in the other day and even though I couldn't find anything that quite caught my eye I always make a stop here when I'm back in Pittsburgh." Meticulously organized and a great selection. Definitely worth a stop. You know you had walked into an amazing business when you see that every non-filtered review here on Yelp is above par.  I'm also glad to add another one of those reviews."  I stopped by Eons and ended up trying on a few things.  I wasn't really on a quest to find anything though  even if you don't think you want vintage clothing. You will. The selection is amazing He has different era's some pieces are a little pricey but most of the items are good quality. If they are damaged they are noted as damaged and priced lower."  they did have mesh purses from the 1920s). Lots of menswear; suits and dress shirts. The store is about half men's stuff and half women's stuff. The clothes seem to be fairly high quality (ie. not stained or ripped) but you pay for it. They did have some cute outfits "A nice place to stop in if you're out for a stroll in shadyside. Though I think this place is overpriced and a bit overrated  he is continually helping out non-profits by donating or loaning merchandise and by publicizing their events." Went in last minute for a 1975's prom theme party. Owner was very helpful and both my boyfriend and I walked out with great outfits. Didn't have to venture anywhere else! will never return to the store." "This is the place to go for all of your vintage needs. Richard has such a big selection you'd be hard pressed to walk out of the store empty handed. All items are in pristine So this is the place to be in Shadyside when you want vintage.  Prepare to empty your wallet here!"  jewelry and a couple dresses here.  Overall it's a lot better (and pricier) than the local goodwills."  since he's the only one behind the counter when I shop here) is pleasant and will help you find your size if you ask.  There are dressing rooms.  All in all To me customer service is everything. If you cannot greet your customers or educate them about your items services you're providing then that's one less store I need to go back to. I would recommend it to someone who is looking for vintage clothing but not to someone who is looking for a great customer service experience."  and definitely well-priced.  I once bought a leather bomber jacket from the '70s for $30!  I tend to like their accessories more than their clothing: they have an amazing selection of footwear Hey Betty is a little bit small and it does require a bit of poking around in.  But they've got both men's and women's stuff here and I've even found things Rick enjoyed.  I've bought vintage Levi's and Lee jeans here because  it's best to ask if you're looking for something specific. Sandra and Michael know their merchandise but they are not intrusive and do not try to push things on you. I have things from there that span decades. The last trip we scored the most amazing pair of sunglasses ever made." Cute little shop more women's clothing then mens. The owner was chatty with me or clerk whichever she was. There are two vintage stores in this area so you can check one then the other if you don't find what you're seeking on the first try..."  but I quite enjoyed the experience. The store is a little time capsule full of everything you imagine being in your grandmother's attic. I was most impressed by the huge selection of women's dresses GREAT Stuff from Great Dealers !" "It's a flea market.  Nothing more; nothing less.  It's old crap that no one should need unless you are a hoarder.  There are plenty of free flea markets and yard sales that are free.  This misadventure cost me $20 in admission fees.  What a waste.  It's $10 a head.  Finally  and a bar which was a plus in my husband's eyes when I dragged him along." A great place to spend a weekend and the staff is super friendly. Did not find many super deals as many things were priced high but we enjoyed looking around The dealers are so knowledgeable and helpful! We always find some great stuff. We just recently purchased vintage blue glass BALL jars from the 1950's for a DIY project.  so come prepared with comfortable shoes. If you're in the market for random old stuff The Manger Joy Shiver was very nice and easy to work with. She runs a tight ship! The regular vendors as well as new vendors welcome   new and improved changes. With better options and lower booth prices. The Expo is more obtainable for small and less experienced vendors. The food Trucks and many other new addition to Metrolina have been wonderful. As the new year approaches I only see good things to come. Come early and take your time to see what treasures you can find. This is definitely a Buyer Vendor friendly atmosphere!  this is a fun store to browse and you always feel welcome." GpMijrYiLAU0FdOQo9Af_w I got an awesome 60's vinyl couch for 200$!"  even factoring in the expensive nature of these ""vintage"" stores.  While I went looking for paintings and other decorations for my apartment They recently started taking credit via Square reader in their new downtown Champaign location."  somethings can be a little pricey-- but coming from the West Coast they are always cheaper than what I would pay back home."  and Amanda and Scott are the best.  From Soviet matryoshki to Herman Miller side-boards this duo has a great eye for the bygone style of the mid-century.  This shop is a true treasure for Champaign's mods." It's worth it to go in and take a look. Lots of fun things to see and buy!" "THE F N BEST. Did I really start this review like that? yep. I kinda want everything in the store when I go in. The owners are knowledgable and nice  and it is always fun just to stop in and see what's new. So far we have bought from them: two chairs and end table for the living room "Yay yay yay! This place looks as if the owners just raided the set of Mad Men. They always have rad stuff every time I come in here. So much so that I'm to the point where I don't let myself go here because I'm afraid I'll buy something. Yeah (That being said it can still be very hit or miss The part I love the most is that the store is kept up so well that I never walk out with Goodwill hands and I don't feel like I need to give the clothing a chemical shower before I wear it. No wonder they've been around so long." Drop by Dandelion. Even if the items there aren't your style  the woman working behind the counter didn't seem to have any issues with us documenting our more outrageous finds with our camera phones. While we wouldn't be able to wear most items on the street gVp2MmQ2VP8bzeObzX6Qtw  the store owner has been gracious enough to lower the price on broken or torn items I've purchased.  During previous years "I used to live basically right above this place and would wander in from time to time. It's fun to look around for sure I don't know I just wasn't that impressed. It was a neat little store and the employees were super friendly but I couldn't find much (then again when I buy used I usually go to salvation army). I walked out with a dress that was 30 bucks and I have yet to wear. Maybe it's hit or miss? I just didn't find it that great. There is a good mix of truly vintage and newer items as well. Great shoe selection. I would like to see them get more variety of jewelry d8Cr4UtqlrbZh7Rsuj1rmw I can't wait to go back to Champaign and visit this place again : )" Some of their clothes are literally falling apart and still marked at full price." The woman working the register was friendly and helpful." "I found my fringed leather jacket here and even though my sixteen year old son says  you can find forest-green Converse in just your size for just the right price  in helps that TJ Maxx is right next door. I highly recommend this place for the graduate student on the budget as a good way to look up-to-date and professional without having to cave to mall retail prices." Maybe if it were slightly bigger it could carry more..."  were we in the same Plato's Closet??  Most of the stuff looked pretty cheap and teenybopperish to me.  I can see going here if you're looking for something disposable for going out on campus  but none when it comes to buying things. I just feel like everything here is either tacky Overall though Plato's isn't a bad place. I disagree with the person that said it's only ""Abercrombie and Hollister."" That's simply not true. I've seen plenty of great brands and unique pieces. If you're willing to dig there's some great stuff here." I usually stick to buying over selling." The variety is amazing-the prices....they tend to be a little high. But it is a great I think the owner has some swag...he is honest and I feel right at home...and oh he is a silver guy "This is an awesome consignment shop with a great selection of all your 80s and 90s faves! The prices sometimes can be a bit high but the owner (who from what I can tell is the only employee) tries to do a good job of only showing the good stuff. He has a great sensibility and I love the window displays! He just expanded too so Just went into this shop for the first time yesterday.  Great selection of items and the owner seemed like a genuinely really nice guy.  I ended up buying an item and he was even willing to barter.  I will definitely buy from him again.  highchairs and excersaucers to clothes and shoes and toys. They have a 50/50 consignment plan ( cash or store credit) and will display everything for 90 days. If it doesn't sell you get all your non sold items back.  The new management that took over the business last February vamped the store up and it looks better and better and they are super friendly and always willing to help. Always had a great experience. They have a Facebook page too in which they list new item in pictures. Highly recommended."  as well as some mis.toys.  All gently used.  Very pleased with pleasant greeting and help.  Fun to trade old for old/new.  Very well organized.  Highly recommended over all other buy/sell baby shops in Phoenix." There FB page gets barely frequent attention. An occasional photo gets posted. I hope they pick it up and blow some fire in the business.  The concept is great "Consignment store. My daughter had a bunch of clothes that she never wore and outgrown. We took it to Baby Bloomers to ""sell."" They took a sufficient amount - you have to really ask what they are looking for for that season for them to take it. Got a decent amount back - they do a 50% store credit or cash back. Their items are reasonably priced too. I'm pleased with this store and will continue bringing my daughter's gently used clothes here." Always helpful & good value. Thanks! -No attitudes or stuffy crowds here.  Just real people and mamas!"  but it's very organized and I did not feel claustrophobic like you can at some other places. The ladies were very helpful and also allowed me to bring in merchandise from another store so I could see if the tops I was purchasing went with it. They also have a bathroom easily accessible  toys and books and I like the closed-in area for littler ones. Their wish list is terrific and has helped multiple times. I rarely need to shop at a regular retail store because I almost always find what I need. Have saved a fortune over the years. Mindy Not impressive at all. I went in hoping to look for baby gear and there was not much merchandise. I am not a big fan of kid to kid or hissy fits but I would chose those stores over this place. I put my son in the kids area and the rug reeked of old gym socks and as I walked around I realized the entire store had a stench. Toys were in bad condition and I didn't even take a look at clothes because it couldn't handle the smell. I am a second time mom and have been on a budget since my first child so I know quality and a bargain this place has neither. I gave two stars because a few of the toys out front were worth looking at but that's it. Lots of cloths and toys to choose from and fairly priced. Gear is constantly changing." I have not consigned yet just been a frequent shopper. I am overall very happy and have nothing but great things to say about the location." In my rush to get to the Children's Museum I managed to forget to put shoes on my 1 year old (who does that?!). I'd stopped at another shop a few minutes before they closed and they were unwilling to let me get what I needed to avoid a disaster of an outing.  As I drove past the shop I saw they still had toys out and hoped they'd allow me in (even though at this point it was past closing time on a Friday).  They were so kind and I was able to find what I needed (and a couple of other things).  I don't know how big of a deal this was to the people there but it was MAJOR for my girls and me."  doors were locked at 430 in a Wednesday when their sign says 5. I will update this if they are ever open." "i pretty much loathe buffalo. I rarely find anything worth buying and when I do its no cheaper that if I went to the actual store. They staff isnt great in all senses and the music isnt very good. They only buy things you would be looking to buy anyway They need to get off their high horse."  if you still haven't found the old school gear you're shopping for  I'm serious. Is this some kind of Glade plug in required in used clothing stores? But everything is organized so well even Felix Unger could browse here. And I love shopping at places where the staff is bejeweled and bedazzled in lots of face and body ornamentation. It always confirms in me why I'm glad to remain pierceless and untatooed. I've scored Dolce and Gabanna Oh and another thing -if you're looking for designer jeans this isn't a bad place to look. You can usually find them anywhere from $60 to $85 a pair. Better than fighting at Last Chance!" buffalo has changed over the years..prices are higher and they pay their sellers less and less...I remember back in the day you would get 45% cash now you get what 35%?? Dont get me wrong I take my unworn things here and have walked out with a hefty check but if I thought about it I might cry as the pair of True Religions I sold to them I got a big$24...I dont trade that often as I think their employees get all the goods..Sometimes like other resale stores you can score big...L.A.M.B dress for $35...it doesnt get much better than that I need to be more careful next time.  Where is Savers?"  just took my clothes to the Tempe location where they ended up taking nearly half of them. This experience has really soured me on the Missouri location of this chain." "Not sure who the snotty people are who allegedly work here. I've only encountered friendly critters! And if they don't like my clothes I just donate them to charity. And I don't cry about it either. Waaa  not target or somewhere.  The clot;hing for grown people is usually priced better than the college stuff "This location has the best merchandise out of any BE I've been to so far.  Of course they're not going to take your Wet Seal shirt from 2 years ago  your staff is cool and friendly and your clothes are hip."  you shouldn't come here looking for a good slack or dress pant score. These stores mainly have jeans in their pants area. It's worth checking out if you haven't been before." The only thing that's generally alright is their shoe selection. I got a pretty sweet pair of Nikes for $30." All for $80.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  I love that you can bring in your gently used clothes and sell or get store credit.  I'm a fan!" JmEp4DxBEIrFD-rgbL8bvQ  with tags still on- from White House | Black Market for $18.00.  Two awesome finds!!  Whoot Whoot!" Was anybody nice to me? Not really. Did that make me feel bad? Nope! Avoid Buffalo Exchange if you have a fragile ego  and had friendly staff and lots of nice clothes that were priced to be quite easy on the wallet; so I ended up buying a few items myself. You'll probably spend less at most thrift stores  I would recommend the Tempe BE. The quality of clothes are better & the prices are better. I actually see no-name brand shirts with tags from Ross priced at like $14. Umm "I like Buffalo Exchange. They are always on the right wave of trend at any given time. I'm a sucker for their sunglasses/fake glasses selection. Everyone that works here is usually really nice :) The selection is pretty good  to the two 18 year-old girls that brought 2 trash bags full of Abercrombie and Hollister clothes from your preteen years... thank you for wasting their time and all of us that had to painfully watch them sort through your junk." I'll definitely go back." I can almost always find something fan-fuckin-tastic for less than half the price it'd be in it's original store. Great place to get bargains....but don't sell your stuff here they give you next to nothing for it.  organize a Frock Swap with a huge group of friends. You're bound to find way cooler items for no cost at all I suggest My Sister's Closet." *pours a forty for the ""old"" Buffalo*" "More grownup than their Tempe college location (logo T shirt mania).  As my style evolves with age  but definitely seems like some of the other reviewers take a bit of a bruising to their egos during the selling process. Considering the typical outfit worn by the employees here involves a romper  I will continue to go to that store instead."  tank and awesome bottle cap earrings. staff were friendly. it's great to go during the week not the weekend if you plan on selling or trading your duds."  and a purse for $70! the most expensive thing was the purse for $20. the shorts were $7-8 and shirts $5-10. it's amazing!! i love the vintage look and they have a very large selection. all the employees have super cute styles and are nice. they aren't extremely attentive but honestly i would rather be left alone so that i can shop! love it there. awesome jewelry also!" I'll keep going back because I love the thrill of the hunt but I won't do so expecting to be charmed." If you're trying to sell check their website first to see what they're looking for to save yourself some heart ache when they pass up a beautiful sweater. And seriously  go for it! Just be prepared to hunt!"  deff check it out.  If you don't mind spending quite a bit of time searching always a good selection of clothing.  a great place to people watch too LOL  time to update my closet.  A great way to sell some clothes for cash is at Buffalo Exchange.  They give you 33% for the value of the clothes or 50% for in store credit.  The staffs are so friendly.  I just love the store that doesn't smell like something died like other consignment stores." I would suggest going in to trade during an off time (not a weekend) when there will be less people trading. They may spend more time looking at your items. They also prefer the items to be in season "I am officially boycotting this joint.  I have been shopping here for over 15 years. It was a really cool re-sale store where you good find some nice pieces for a decent price. They now have thrift store quality clothes at retail prices. My last few times in there I spent an hour or so shopping and left empty handed  and began going through my items herself.  She purchased ONE item out of several large bags and sent me on my way.  It was an incredible blatant FU to me for ""forcing her hand"" when it came to my return.  What grade are we in again?  I am still amazed that this even happened.  What a great manager!  I bet her employees really enjoy working for her.  It's too bad  a studded leather wrist band and a black bow tie all for $27 bucks - WOWZA!  I really like bow ties and I can hardly wait to wear this one out to an event or maybe even the cinema.  Until then Definitely worthy of a frequent stop in - I'm glad I found one in MPLS to browse I can find some good items here every now and then....some of the employees I could do without.  the quality of which runs the gamut from cute cheap Chinese crap to OMG is this really $15 superior quality items. Look and look often because inventory turns over and fast. If you want a quick hit of something unique or need to offload some extra items FINALLY GIVING UP ON THIS JOKE OF A PLACE :P"  I cleaned out my closet and came here and they literally took 1 pair of jeans out of maybe 40-50 items.  I mostly brought in some old work clothes from Banana Republic and just some odds and ends that no longer fit.  This place is solely for indy/punky/trendy "Loved this place; completely full of rack after rack of steeply discounted tops and dresses. There's even a little vintage section in the corner  nice people working here. Plus  but for them to be rude is just such a turn off from the store. I want to love this store Not going here again. Back to Ross/Rack/Last chance."  I warn you that they are extremely picky. And what they do take they won't give you much money for. Last time I was here they tried to give me $5 for a brand new juicy couture dress. And if you go through their clothes that they are selling you will find stuff the looks like a craft project But it's probably because they're too cool for school."  and at prices that left me wondering why anyone shops here instead of at regular stores to pay the same for brand new clothing. DO NOT ATTEMPT TO SHOP OR SELL HERE  I sometimes question their buying process. I once watched them pass on an amazing designer bag which I then bought in the parking lot from the disgruntled seller for a smokin deal!! Their loss was definitely my gain that day!" Sometimes I find good jeans. Sometimes." "I prefer this location over the one on University in Tempe.  Quite an eclectic array of clothing and merchandise. The clothes buyers can be a little uppity and stingy compare to other resale shops in the valley I also don't care to know what you personally think about the design aesthetic of a brand. After so many years of exemplary service in both the sales and buying departments it annoys me to see the tittle of buyer handed out to whomever." "I've been here hundreds of times and each time is hit or miss. This one is ran by young hipsters that often have good taste. I personally dress more conservatively than they tend to buy though so it's sometimes a fight for me to find anything  that & the I other items you didn't know that you needed! Last time I was in I found the sickest belt buckles ever." Loved how organized the shoes were and that they had a separate section for vintage clothes!  Everyone I came into contact with was super nice and friendly.  I am glad I stopped in while visiting phoenix. Name brands and styles in decent shape for great price I wish i could give higher rating. Not comparable to buffalo exchange in alb. Nm. The women there usually are very sparse in choosey with the clothes. I have brought true religion jeans they turned down. 200 + jeans in perfect condition. I say go to other stores that buy sell trade. They might offer more. They did for me. $$$  pretty typical for the people at Buffalo Exchange to be kind of rude.  They just have a ""can't be bothered"" attitude.  Maybe it's just the culture of the company (the one in Tempe being the only exception so far).  They weren't particularly rude "Honestly I gotta say I love this store. They take designer labels and they give you a decent amount of pay if you trade your stuff. What I didn't like of going to the store today was one associates' attitude. I believe her name was Erica. There was a Louis Vuitton bag and I took a look at and and told me it was vintage. I took a look at it and by looking at the outside and the date code on the inside I was able to tell it was a 90's speedy. She started to give me attitude and told me it was a 70's bag. I tried to explained how the date codes worked for LV and began to argue and talk over me. Until I had about enough I told her to not get mad and explained that the bags from the 70s had no date codes  not worth the long wait to me-but maybe for someone with a lot of their style clothing. Meh  which wasn't surprising considering the kind of clothing they were currently selling. I think I'll be sticking to the tempe location after this disaster of an experience!" Every time I come here the staff is very friendly eager to help and even let the kid I was watching use the bathroom under supervision. The deals are great and I enjoy using the clothing exchange."  dress shirts and golf shirts. You can also trade in your old clothing for store credit or cash. The credit is good at any of the different stores in the My Sister's Closet chain Just thought to say something about two different things.  Ever gotten a gift card to someplace that is going to take you forever to find something you need to use it? The money you take in trade can be used at any of the stores of this group which includes women's and furniture and accessory stores.    Even better "Still a great place to shop and Jen is still there.  Good news-they are taking both summer and winter things now.  Usually when I am ready to clean out my closets uuLYxKdJW_jfty1jMtXxQw  polo dress shirts for $12. Just found a Bugatchi Uomo Italian dress shirt for $14 the other day (I'm sure normally like $80 or so). This is my favorite place to buy clothes What used to be one of my favorite places to shop and consign clothing has turned into a place where I only stop if I'm in the area and that's too bad." uuLYxKdJW_jfty1jMtXxQw  check it out. Good prices They didn't really have anything vintage or retro. The store was clean and well organized but lacking some fun pieces. I would recommend checking it out if you're in the area. Combine with a trip to Nordstrom Rack nearby and you should find some good clothes between the two."  especially since it sits right next to one of the most amazing Nordstrom Racks around!  I think there's a regular consignment shopper/trader who has my same size and taste in shoes I've never actually bought anything here though."  so all you fashionistas out there who think that size 2 means that a girl's just not getting enough to eat should come here and pick up all my old designer duds that I've grown tired of." I will be back soon to see what other goodies I can find. That $400 Louis really made me nervous though. Who has so much dough that they can just drop a perfectly good $1200 bag at consignment??........ and are they interested in adopting or marrying me..."  but i've found a couple really cute dresses and a GREAT ann taylor suit (for $40).  this location is MUCH better than the one in scottsdale  but that's what makes them a good consignment shop and their prices are really pretty good. I always stop here after Last Chance. It completes my shopping day and a good deal makes me happy. Forget Prozac I love this store.  I stop by every time I'm in town.  Great selection of clothing in a boutique setting.  Name brands at great prices.  Stop by here.  it's Scottsdale girl cast-offs. They've taken a bunch of my old shit and don't totally give customers the shaft on trade (unlike its emo counterpart  and the selection of larger sizes is pretty small.  I still haven't  figured out why there are three or four racks of jeans and several racks of blouses in different locations  what staff???They were all too busy going through what they were going to buy. Not one person said hello. Oh well "I've been to this location quite a few times and I usually find at least 1 little gem! On my first trip I found a cute cream colored banana republic v-neck that I wear often on a night out or on a lunch date on a Sunday afternoon! My best find so far was my brand new (I mean they were BRAND NEW) black nine west pointy toe pumps. And it just so happened that on this weekend ALL 'non-designer' shoes were half off! I thought $16 was already a steal but to my surprise...$8. EIGHT DOLLARS? JACKPOT! Recenty I bought a cute pair of used cream and brown peep toe pumps that I fully intend to take full advantage of. Ladies Love this place! I bring my stuff here to consign and I shop here as well. I've had lots of luck here and it's located in a great shopping center close to Last Chance!! Perf!  sizes were mostly too big and boxy for my tall  and I know I can always find something I like there.  Every-time I consign I always sell something within a week and can count on store credit.  Very reputable.  Great spot to shop during lunch from work -I saw several people coming in the s"  I do feel it is worthy of checking out."  along with amazing prices.  yippie for my sisters closet!" "I've been on a consignment store kick lately and decided to check this place out. Items are definitely geared toward an older crowd and contain a lot of ""bridge"" brands. For example  I will not be holding my breath.  Nor will I look forward to interactions with any salespeople.  Shrug.  We shall see..." If you think this was useful  it can be hit or miss but that makes it okay to shop there every week! I've never sold anything to them so I cannot comment on what that process is like."  there's something for everyone. Every week I check in to see what  new merchandise they have. So exciting! Like it on Facebook."  and obvious lack of customer service skills you lost an extremely large sale and any future business my wife and I would ever give you. That unfortunately includes the clothing side. we refuse to give business to people that treat customers so disrespectfully !"  maybe you'll bump into me in there not buying something. :(" They have a dressing room at this location. Parking is usually plentiful right in front of the store." I would definitely reccomend My Sister's Closet if you're looking to sell some clothes or if you're looking to buy on a budget."  they ended up giving them away to a thrift store for dogs (I shit you not) and didn't even bother to call me.  I guess that's not their policy...if you consign here and they don't sell your stuff in whatever time frame they think they should  I'm not that impressed with what this location carries.   I can't imagine why someone would buy a used Tiffany necklace with someone else's initials on it ive been to better consignment places. however they are the only ones that would take some of my older clothes. they have a large selection which is nice but you really got to dig to find stuff. also i always consign like 10 things and only seem to get like $5 bucks in credit for nice stuff. it seems disorganized in there and can take awhile for them to sort through your things. also you can't call them to see if you have credit u have to go in-pain in the butt. i pretty much only go here if other stores won't take my stuff.  you should head over to My Sister's Closet.  They now have a new Men's store that has a great variety of everything that is right next door.   :)" Excited about the new location! I've found some great jeans in small sizes (24-25) here! R&R for $35. Yay!!" Super fun place to shop for high quality clothing and accessories at bargain prices. They have a large selection especially good for work clothes lots of suits and dresses. Good selection of evening clothes as we'll. beautiful jewelry too. Other locations in town a fun day to bit them all.  and they have an odd mix of mall brand clothing all the way to higher end stuff. I saw a pair of size 9 tory burch miller sandals (brown brand new) for around $50.00 "Not impressed!  I've brought a few items in on two different occasions and shopped while they considered what I brought.  The counter help seemed clueless "Good selection at the Pima rd. location.  I'm doing the camelback location tomorrow.  Clean and well organized  I would swear the place has changed management or employees. It used to be possible to buy high-end office clothes here and the staff were nice. Now it's a trophy-wife clothes Organization not clear. I sincerely hope this is a temporary location."  I think this place is hit or miss as far as attitudes of employees go! I have never really shopped it so I can't give too much feedback on selection but it looks like they have a pretty good amount and variety of designer jeans."  not so great when selling but clearly as the market dictates). I like that they separate contemporary brands from other stuff which makes it easier for me to find what I like. The location is convenient but not as comfy as other locations. If you are hoping for customer service  etc.) and what I received in return in cash was $55. I asked Jenny (sales person) if I could take home my 1 remaining item and they wanted to charge me $5.00 to do so (and that charge will be going up soon according to Jenny and the sign she brusquely pointed to). It was because it was an item they had priced under $25. ""It's in the contract"" Jenny so gruffly explained. So when taking your clothes for consignment I highly suggest that you stay current on your contract so you know exactly what kind of exchange you will experience from them. Apparently they make changes to your contract whenever they see fit and do not notify you of the changes other than the signs they post in-store. Be cautious and informed before doing business here. I've had my account there for years and I've never felt so dismissed by the sales persons (esp. Jenny)  one is better off sending them to The Real Real. They pay 70% and shipping.  From now on I will donate all other items to charity and take the donation receipt  but I will be back to give them another chance. Get this. I had 3 hours to kill because my car was getting serviced. I wandered into My Sister's Closet. I've never been to one before  they have great deals sometimes and a fun place to shop but if you make a big purchase get it checked out. Pinnacle peak is usually the one who cannot tell fake from real Scottsdale location does a pretty good job!" "I found My Sisters Closet was very dishonest.  I took a brand new pAir of 600.00 $ boots there.   And they said they donated them to charity because they had holes in them.  That was completely false and I did not get a dime.  Consignment shops are able to not have to be honest way too easily.   I will never shop there again.    Not all consignment shops are dishonest  "I've been shopping at My Sisters Closet for over a decade & have never had these mishaps other reviewers have.  I have bought & sold.  I've seen their biz get bigger & bigger & their customer service get better.  I always feel like the staff treats me really well The place is small and it seemed like the items they consign are a lot of less than desirable ones." I have been consigning for more than 2 decades and most recently here and my experience has not been the best. From items being dropped off never making it on my account to items being priced at pennies to the dollar is unacceptable.  I have to add how rude the manager is I don't know her name but I just tried to cash out the remainder of my account and was told they are closed and the door shut on my face. Well bitch I know this but maybe if I was able to cash out on the men's side I would not have to even have contact with your rude ass. I will be visiting the store tomorrow just to give her an ear full... very inconvenient and definitely not how you treat shoppers nor consigners. "One of my favorites places to shop and find unique clothing to add to my wardrobe...love  sweater and 2 pairs of shoes for $60.  I wasn't sure about the dress but when I got it on it was flattering.  You have to pick through everything and try on everything that you think MIGHT work and you end up finding just a few things that do... but that's why consignment store shopping is fun!  And I thought this was a solid consignment store.  I don't see an option to add a photo of my haul to this review but I'll add it in the photos for this location."  after it sells.  It's like a higher end garage sale.... you can find some really great stuff.  I recommend it for anyone who wants to sell there nicer stuff and get meaningful money back."  so I imagine their stock changes constantly. You're going to be paying higher prices than you would at garage sales or thrift stores The other thing that gets me is that they have 4 locations. This sucks. If your consignment I really don't want to shop four stores in three parts of the valley in for things. This is one time a large location like UFO on 16th  got it right  not the intake counter) on the Arizona Humane Society. I don't think any percentage of their proceeds actually go to the Humane Society. Another redeeming aspect  an older employee (possibly the store manager) said that he was NOT interested in the table.  I showed him my photos and pointed out the individual who had told me to deliver the table.  He basically said ""too bad"" and good bye.  I will never again attempt to utilize the ""services"" of My Sister's Attic."  and no one has ever acknowledged my existence. It seems like a lot of super dated pieces... thrift store finds at boutique prices. I've not ever enjoyed my experience there Thank you for your existence!!" dLBqf9QayF9eSUzz6BvmSQ  if you're looking. Customer service was good Ed some of my friends and neighbors to see if I was over reacting and all of them said the same thing. It was and is not a good business practice.  I will not be shopping there again.  I would have if they had just said ""no"" because I blew it by not measuring.  But taking advantage of a customer is to me is just ""unethical""" "If you are thinking of dropping off your items at this store DON'T DO IT! I had placed the same items on craigslist for seven pieces four of which were hand carved mango wood pieces. MSA priced the pieces at fire sale prices and when I received calls from people that really wanted the furniture at my prices Quality furniture and design pieces which are mostly worth the higher consignment pricing. Friendly staff! 8) Several weeks have passed. I have not heard a word.  I sent my saga to corporate twice and they never responded either." "Cave Creek between Cortez and Cactus is a great place for antique hounds.  There is a plaza filled with antique malls from one end to the other.  The largest of the shops is ""Everything Goes."" It occupies 3 storefronts on the south end of the plaza.  Like a lot of other shops  but good stuff for your home I'd highly recommend it.  Very friendly owner and staff.  Keep your eyes peeled and you'll find great stuff!" -What happened to the antiques and vintage stuff? I saw MORE modern day stuff than old stuff. Wasn" I highly recommend this place is you are looking for treasures! :)" I love shopping at Everything Goes!! The people  are very friendly and willing to help you find just the right thing for your house:) They have a wonderful selection of vintage furniture and just the right decorating pieces! I couldn't fit a piece of furniture in my car and they were nice enough to deliver it to my house. "Very fun little vintage shop.  You never know what you will find here.  There are quite a few vendors who bring in a wide range of merchandise.  I have purchased a beautiful antique console "I have been going to this store for years and its one of my favorite places to go.  There is always and eclectic array of furniture  most vendors have excellent prices. Lots of fun shops in this little strip mall. This will be my go-to location from now on!" In the past I've gotten glassware and a Kimble painting- very reasonably priced!!"  the staff is so friendly and nice but not in an annoying paid-on-commission-way- but in a we-love-our-store-and-what-we-sell kind of way. This place is nestled within a few antique stores but Everything Goes is by far the best. It can be overwhelming since there is a lot of stuff but try to focus on one thing at a time. Also Love this place and always find something to bring home. The people here are the friendliest and most helpful salespeople around. They know where everything is and dig out stuff from the back if they think they can help you. Love the selection and the prices too. My daughter and I went shopping for a dresser for her room on Saturday and found a dresser at a furniture store on Bell road but it was all scratched up and I told her we could shop again on Sunday. Then I thought to look it up on yelp and this place came up. It's a very cute store on cave Creek Road. It had alot of antique stuff. My daughter found a real az style dresser for $95 plus tax. The owner was so helpful and very fast in getting the dresser ready for me to load it in my SUV.We did this in a matter of 20 minutes. I would recommend this place to everyone that is starting out and moving out for the first time.  but too big. Will definitely go back again. Prices within budget  then don't take in small items.  Perhaps spending ""money"" and investing in some sort of security tag protection would be a far better choice than losing customers you've made feel uncomfortable.  I guarantee you've lost ALOT of business simply by the way you make others feel following them around.  It's just not a nice thing to do to someone!  Other than that "This is fun to wander around and follows the model of having cubbies that folks rent to sell their wares.  That means you'll find an endless of amount of anything and everything.  If you're into vintage/retro What a wonderful shop!  The owners and their staff were welcoming and helpful!  So many cute and well priced items!  I will definitely be going back to find more treasures!  they are very slow at evaluating and pricing the items that I was immediately handed a pick up slip and told that I would have to come back at 4PM for my cash (It was 11AM).  For an almost new "I can't believe there aren't 100 other reviews on here! This place was THE WORST! I will not return here nor will I reccomend it! I walked it with 2 bags full. I went to the back where there were 2 employees finishing up with another lady. I should've taken it as a hint when the lady said "" No I'll just take my stuff and sell it on Craigslist. I can get more out of it that way!"" I stayed to wait it out. Big mistake! The lady left with her stuff. The 2 employees didn't even acknowledge me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Instead they proceeded to talk crap about the lady that just left! Their exact words ""What makes them think we even care? Take it or leave it. I don't care"" Hello! I was standing there! They still didn't speak to me as I got up and left! Other mothers! You suck! Hire people who CARE....who WANT to work!!!!!!!! I went to Kid To Kid on Tatum & Thunderbird.....SO MUCH BETTER!"  toys are more.  The five is because the prices are the best for the selection and more so "I hate this store and the ONE on bell !!!!!!  They rip you off  I did go ONCE to the store off of greenway and also witnessed the women in the back (consignment area) trash talking a customer that they had an earlier conversation with. I love consignment shops for kids clothes  we had to look through a lot of WalMart clothing as well to find any upscale bargains."  you can find some designer stuff here... If you go to buffalo exchange it's basically paying department store prices EDIT: Management reached out to me with an apology  but still. And guess what I was given. 5 BUCKS! Talk about a slap in the face. That's probably what I paid in gas to drive from downtown to up there to drop the bag off. I don't think I've ever had a pleasant experience here. I have never bought from them You can always get store credit and you are able to use it at any of their resale shops 