Join their Gold Card program and save $$. Save extra the first 5 days of each month." cQx6Tbzs7zMWCbDfZ4PBJQ  yet you don't know what a simple sugar is.  You're a joke bro.  Great job representing the GNC name.  GNC employees have reached a new level of ""Stupid"".   LOLLOLOLOL WHAT AN IDIOT!!!! I hope he reads this.  I laughed SO SO Hard when i left the door and told my best friend right away.  I'd give 0 stars  hello bright side! But maaaaybe this will help boost your guys' potential to be a great business? Stay on point guys. You got some hungry consumers out there!"  hello bright side! But maaaaybe this will help boost your guys' potential to be a great business? Stay on point guys. You got some hungry consumers out there!"  when making the exchange he would not honor the $10 off coupon I used on my original purchase less than a week ago. He said he did not have the code. I've worked in sales for years and I know that isn't right. There's always a way to honor the coupon!! It's not like I came in without it and just asked to honor it - my receipt specifically showed it. That's the reason for my lower star rating."  and spend more than enough time with every customer. Even the wacky ones."  I found myself with questions.  I was approached by someone very knowledgeable about the majority of the products offered.  She did not try to ""push"" anything on me but with her additional info made me feel good about my purchases."  the manager is always super helpful along with ALL the staff.  I have never had a bad customer service experience.  I went there at least once a week since they opened and now once a month now that I live in Chicago.  Great selection I was on the hunt for Argan Oil (great for hair and skin) and I initially went to Trader Joe's next door. The woman there said to try Hi Health and so I did even though I never go here. I asked one of the female employees there if they had Argan Oil and she said they did not. She didn't even look around first or ask anyone...As I was about to walk away one of her male coworkers spoke up and said he did think they carried Argan Oil. After searching for a minute he found it for me!! I left a happy customer.  healthy drink alternatives and much more. Even if you're not a body builder but on your way to maintaining a healthy lifestyle this location is the place for you. The staff are always friendly and it is genuine. You will be suggestive sold on products but I bet you will learn something you did not know. So it is worth the trip and the added value as your bag fills up." "I love this location! The associates are always so willing to help and don't seem annoyed or bothered with my questions. The manager Gilbert has helped me on several occasions with my questions on oregano oil Staff knows their supps & vitamins & all the things in between.. I like this particular store... Always friendly.. Good promotions.. Such as my fav.. Join the free membership program.. Keep the receipt..& whatever you bought in last 30 days... Will be half off next time you buy.. Love a good sale.. Love good service.. Especially if it helps me stay in the healthy.. 4PIDGWu8BGUSGe1PK926AA Decided on a new fitness program and included in that were a list of supplements I needed to get.  I walked in here and wasn't greeted until I was practically at the counter staring the guy down and even once he finally acknowledged me I felt like I had to drag him around to try to find the things I was looking for.  I would ask where one item was and once he showed me he'd start walking away and I would have to ask him to wait because I needed other things to.  After a couple rounds of that I decided to just find everything myself.  I don't know if he pre-judged me and thought I wasn't going to buy anything because I look young or because I was in gym clothes but either way it was wrong.  The best part was once I had about 3 different things loaded up in my arms he realizes that I was actually going to spend money and maybe he should be more helpful.  THEN he started helping me compare things and explaining different deals they had going on.  At that point I pretty much had everything I needed/wanted so I was ready to go.  At the counter he did give me a $10 off coupon for next month which helped a little bit but I was still irritated with the lack of service I'd been shown originally. This store is clean and well stocked. Great deals and rewards card. TJ is a great guy! I'm so glad he's back at this store as the manager! I always enjoy shopping at Hi Health. The staff is always friendly and helpful and Hi Health has some products I have trouble finding elsewhere. Thanks josh! Will be back" 