 which I thought was fantastic that she was upfront. She put my watch on my wrist and asked how I wanted it to fit then got it adjusted within a matter of a few minutes. It was really easy and I'll be back if I need anything like that again."  the jewelry that we purchased is of the highest quality and style.  My wife was thrilled with the engagement ring I selected and we both love our wedding bands." There are many other great jewelry stores in Pittsburgh that you can look at other than here." My daughter already has her eye on them... : )" I am definitely a Henne customer for Life!" At no time did we feel pressured to buy and if anything the end goal for William was to give us a good experience at Henne and to help us narrow down the many I just accepted a beautiful ring from Hennes. I have had nothing but compliments and I must say that the ring was beautiful. Unfortunately within 4 days one of the diamonds on the halo was missing. I'm sure that this is a fluke and will be taken care of. But my new fianc is very upset by this.  but I did take some watches to get fixed and they were super fast. Maybe ten minutes when I thought I'd need to drop it off. Pricing on that was quite reasonable.  The clerk I dealt with in that transaction was terrific. Also  mostly one woman) unfortunately was unnecessarily unfriendly to us. Overall would have appreciated more help"  and absolutely no pressure sales approach. We found an amazing ring and I couldn't be happier. So much that we went back for my (now husband's) ring. While I felt the selection was somewhat limited in yellow gold Bought my engagement ring here and a few months later traded in my engagement ring here... John was amazing and went above and beyond to help me out in both situations. Highly recommended _iZjif9s-jF_Oju_1fhVog  as he is planning to propose this year he wanted to get an idea of what I liked.  We ended up sitting down and having a half hour consultation with an employee who was the most professional  and I would have chosen this a million out of a million times to buy the perfect ring. Would recommend to anyone."  the wedding bands too.  She kept me well informed during the process and the price ended up even being a little less than what was originally quoted.  The weekend mimosas and cookies were a nice added treat!  Nina and Henne have earned customers for life." this time it was the breatling avenger seawolf Went into Fink's and all five employees in the store just stared at me and did not offer a greeting. I felt really unwelcome the entire time I was in the store. This is not the customer service I would expect at a high end jeweler.  they were persistent to help.  Their jeweler in the back tighten the screws for no charge.  And even though they did not greet me with a smile when I came in I wish If I can even remove the 1 star rating."  I do love browsing their amazing selections!!! And They have a decent selection of things with an emphasis on engagement rings and watches. If you're looking for helpful staff 9Tz4w2tmLmcf2gZnqjMxxw Amazing service - I went in for a watch repair and was in and out in just a few minutes.   Its a very nice store and couldn't have asked for better service and the prices was reasonable. "This place is the best! I don't normally write reviews but for whatever reason my conscious wouldn't let me rest without given the credit due here.   The folks at Sumpters are fast  and was so easy to deal with. Definitely a 5 star experience 9Tz4w2tmLmcf2gZnqjMxxw "Someone that understands business. I just went in to get a new battery. I didn't have any cash on me so he told me to come back whenever and pay him. I don't often go to watch repair shops "I had a broken watch band and was looking for a nearby repair place. Doug was great A  pleasure to work with!" Doug did a great job on my Tag. It took longer then expected but was not his fault. Fixed it and polished it like new. I highly recomend him. Always professional and reliable service for big or small jobs. I highly recommend their services. I won't hesitate in trusting Doug and he comes highly recommended." "So it looks like I'm reviewing jewelry stores today.  I came here with my perpetually broke but quite bejeweled friend a few months ago.  I will say that any jeweler with a sales lady who practically begs me to try on a $140 I will be back to them agiain and again." For the price I paid I would have expected a higher quality of care." Its a really nice place. This bad experience is partly our fault for showing up 5 minutes before closing. We were not planning on buying that day. The service was ok but rushed and told us to come back as they were closing. I understood but when you are talking about a high end purchase you would think they wouldnt rush you out the door. Well we went to Jared who was open until 10pm. Again we were not planning on purchasing. However the service was so great and they helped us find the perfect ring that we made the purchase. I wonder if they know we were that ready to buy if they would have rushed us out the door.  I've had my ring cleaned in their store and the designer specifically says that their rings are NEVER to be placed in Sonicare.  When I mentioned this to the sales person he had no idea.  So much for authorized retailer."  and each customer is treated fairly and with respect.  My fianc (as most do) had her ideal ring picked out and ready to show me.  Erik was very patient and willing to work with us to get a ring that we could afford and as close to the original and the result was perfect.  The prices are reasonable and fair  Hyde Park was very welcoming and helpful. The service was terrific and they treated us with respect. The store offered to ship in several watches that we were considering So I went down the street to ED Marshall where they changed out my strap for free and I bought the GMT that I have had my eye on. It's never a good sign when a jeweler wants to nickel and dime you  do not hesitate to make a purchase from Hyde Park. All of their staff has been over the top with their customer service to my self and fiance."  enthusiastic and extremely knowledgeable in assisting us with our purchase. He took an extraordinary amount of time with us and never made us felt pressured or rushed. I would recommend Hyde Park beyond any reservation due to Erik's service."  and it felt more like a service than sales.  I will do more business there."  was very knowledgable and personable. Can't wait to make a deal here down the road. -Gabe"  Erik was there to answer any and all questions and needs I had along the way and got me a great deal on a spectacular ring. I  Hyde Park showed itself to be a welcoming and well-stocked jewelry and watch shop. I would definitely stop here first if I was looking for something new or wanted to try on some of the new model watches." CBwfqbMvp-_l9Klx1wra2Q Thank you John and the rest of the staff at Hyde Park for saving the day!"  John at Hyde Park came to my rescue. He looked at my ring under the microscope and confirmed that I was not crazy! Kay cheated me out of a diamond and damaged the prongs that held the stone in place. John took it upon himself to contact Tacori and ship my ring off for the proper repairs. John kept my fianc and I in the loop as the repairs took place and went above and beyond to help us out. I recently got my ring back from Hyde and it looks brand new! It's just as beautiful as the day I got it and I couldn't be happier about my experience! I will NEVER allow any other jeweler to handle my ring! Hyde Park for life!!!! Thanks John :)" Thank you so much for the great experience Beautiful store with IMO the best selection of fine timepieces in Arizona. When you stop by see Terri Hammer for GOLD STAR service ! "Ben Irons is your man to see at Hyde Park.  My boyfriend and I went to Hyde Park in hopes to get my dream ring custom made. All we went in with was a picture of what we wanted. Ben made this process SOO easy and FUN for us.  He set us up with an one on one meeting with Kerry Bad attitude maybe I was the wrong color for them or maybe the wrong nationality I'm American they are and treated me disrespectfully "This Business stablished in Phoenix 1957   I highly recommend Luke's business. He doesn't overcharge like most places and he's very good at what he does. You can trust he will always gets the job done right! I've been a very happy customer here and will be coming back" So.  Get married.  Go to Samuel's in Fiesta.  Talk to Heidi.  Leave happy." OK. So we brought my wife's wedding ring in to repair the prongs that hold the diamond.  It was supposed to only take a few days.  Two weeks later it's in.  We go to pick it up and it is a different ring. A bigger more expensive ring.  Ours however is nowhere to be found.  Now we will see how this will get fixed.  I may change my review depending on what happens. So we got resolution.  The jeweler they used soldered someone else's band to her ring.  We only see one small imperfection on it.  Thank God they found it.  The staff was extremely nice and apologetic.  It's just unfortunate that this happened in the first place.  I wish I could review the jeweler they used. Here is my husband and my hero Earl! Thank you so much." 