Stanis an absolute pleasure to work with for all my jewelry needs and he is reasonable. Everyone is friendly which is a big plus. If you need a watch battery changed you can get something to eat or pick up some food or a prescription."  he wants your continued business and proves that ever time you are in the shop. He will work with you to find exactly what you are looking for." "I recently took my Movado in for a new water resistant battery change.  Most jewelers told me it would take at least a week to return and it only took a few days here.  In addition "So it looks like I'm reviewing jewelry stores today.  I came here with my perpetually broke but quite bejeweled friend a few months ago.  I will say that any jeweler with a sales lady who practically begs me to try on a $140 I will be back to them agiain and again." For the price I paid I would have expected a higher quality of care." Its a really nice place. This bad experience is partly our fault for showing up 5 minutes before closing. We were not planning on buying that day. The service was ok but rushed and told us to come back as they were closing. I understood but when you are talking about a high end purchase you would think they wouldnt rush you out the door. Well we went to Jared who was open until 10pm. Again we were not planning on purchasing. However the service was so great and they helped us find the perfect ring that we made the purchase. I wonder if they know we were that ready to buy if they would have rushed us out the door.  I've had my ring cleaned in their store and the designer specifically says that their rings are NEVER to be placed in Sonicare.  When I mentioned this to the sales person he had no idea.  So much for authorized retailer."  and each customer is treated fairly and with respect.  My fianc (as most do) had her ideal ring picked out and ready to show me.  Erik was very patient and willing to work with us to get a ring that we could afford and as close to the original and the result was perfect.  The prices are reasonable and fair  Hyde Park was very welcoming and helpful. The service was terrific and they treated us with respect. The store offered to ship in several watches that we were considering So I went down the street to ED Marshall where they changed out my strap for free and I bought the GMT that I have had my eye on. It's never a good sign when a jeweler wants to nickel and dime you  do not hesitate to make a purchase from Hyde Park. All of their staff has been over the top with their customer service to my self and fiance."  enthusiastic and extremely knowledgeable in assisting us with our purchase. He took an extraordinary amount of time with us and never made us felt pressured or rushed. I would recommend Hyde Park beyond any reservation due to Erik's service."  and it felt more like a service than sales.  I will do more business there."  was very knowledgable and personable. Can't wait to make a deal here down the road. -Gabe"  Erik was there to answer any and all questions and needs I had along the way and got me a great deal on a spectacular ring. I  Hyde Park showed itself to be a welcoming and well-stocked jewelry and watch shop. I would definitely stop here first if I was looking for something new or wanted to try on some of the new model watches." CBwfqbMvp-_l9Klx1wra2Q Thank you John and the rest of the staff at Hyde Park for saving the day!"  John at Hyde Park came to my rescue. He looked at my ring under the microscope and confirmed that I was not crazy! Kay cheated me out of a diamond and damaged the prongs that held the stone in place. John took it upon himself to contact Tacori and ship my ring off for the proper repairs. John kept my fianc and I in the loop as the repairs took place and went above and beyond to help us out. I recently got my ring back from Hyde and it looks brand new! It's just as beautiful as the day I got it and I couldn't be happier about my experience! I will NEVER allow any other jeweler to handle my ring! Hyde Park for life!!!! Thanks John :)" Thank you so much for the great experience Beautiful store with IMO the best selection of fine timepieces in Arizona. When you stop by see Terri Hammer for GOLD STAR service ! "Ben Irons is your man to see at Hyde Park.  My boyfriend and I went to Hyde Park in hopes to get my dream ring custom made. All we went in with was a picture of what we wanted. Ben made this process SOO easy and FUN for us.  He set us up with an one on one meeting with Kerry I still have no Idea what to say. What a complete waste of time. I have absolutely no idea how this place is still in business." Check the shop out for yourself and make note that he only accepts cash"  the watch seems to be keeping time. I'm a happy man!"  it occurred to me that I should have yelped it first! So after reading the more recent reviews for the establishment under new management (the 1st review is no longer valid - it was for the previous management; I'm waiting for yelp to take it down) He's cash only and not open on weekends." Do not pay attention to the first reviewer. Same name then but different owner."  he told us something about a Rolex watch my husband bought a LONG time ago that needs to get repaired. We had checked with another ""jeweler"" and they said our watch was fake. My husband was totally pissed.  This watch guru  the band fell apart. I fooled with it for a good hour trying to put it back together and finally gave in to finding someone to repair it. I had no idea where to go Replacement band - installed: 10$" Exactly what I needed to get my watches back online. Service was while I waited and prices were more than fair Took a bunch of watches here today to get repaired and new batteries. The owner gave me excellent service for a great price. I left very happy and will be back again!  friendly.. what more can you ask for? Definitely will recommend for anyone looking for watch repair or just a simple battery change." k6C5YiGHU_aT8oXSkGb0Pg He is the only person I will have service my timepieces from now on. He is extremely knowledgable."  and before I could even finish he was done with the clasp on my Rolex. There was no charge on the Rolex. Really? It's my favorite watch; I would have paid anything. This guy is fast One other quick note. The whole ""desperate people selling gold and ONLY dealing in cash"" made me think that this guy's operation of watch repair may be a front for his other dealings. Not saying I care  Eddie wouldn't even accept payment for this."  well at least you and I both live in the area!  Thank you for restoring my trust in jewelry repair/dealers!"  and set my watch to the proper time. And the best part - he only charged me $5! I offered him $10 for being so thorough and for staying open last his posted hours but he wouldn't accept it. Don't let the pawn shop style sketchness fool you - this is one hole-in-the-wall worth visiting."  and fast. The watch repair man educated me on my watch and how I should care for it in the future. I am glad that I travelled the extra distance to this store. Overall EXCELLENT transaction!"  affordable and one of the best at what he does! I truly recommend him for jewelry and watch repair. He is also funny "Yelp should remove the old reviews (2009) because this is now under new management. Brought my watches here to have some batteries replaced and links removed. The guy behind the counter only charged me $5 each. So inexpensive! He also gave me some advice to have the battery replaced every 3 years. It only took about 5 minutes Before you go: have cash.  He takes cash only!" Excellent service and reasonable prices.  The staff is very friendly and personable.  I love finding smaller stores that do it right!  They could teach bigger stores a thing or two.  I would highly recommend this business!  and gave me good tips about my watch. This place is the perfect ""local"" watch repair location I was hoping for!"  only $10 and ever took the time to polish and shine them up. Took less than 20 minutes. Remember "I was tempted to ship my skagen watch out for band repair. But I'm so glad I found this local shop instead! He graciously and quickly repaired my band so it was comfortable to wear again. I haven't worn it in 2 months and it was driving me crazy. I haven't found a jewelry & watch repair shop since moving here. But this is now my go-to shop! I will be back for sure. Also I will be bringing all of my future online watch purchases to this place to be sized." "Replaced my watch battery and fixed the inside of another watch for $5 a piece. Super cheap considering the ones in the mall quoted me like $25+ to replace one battery. I was so impressed at how quick & nice the gentlemen was who works there.  He even added a diamond stud that had fallen out for free Needed links removed from new watch. Did it in under 2 minutes for only $5. Outstanding. 'Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time'" AMAZING! He fixed 5 watches in 5 minutes! Owner was so sweet! Best watch repair guy a girl with tons of betsey Johnson and juicy couture watches could hope for!!!!!!  Nurel greeted me and I explained my issue. He took care of the fixing in less than 5 mins and charged me a menial $10 for the work. (Note: Silly me Very very nice. I would recommend this place to anyone. He even sells nice affordable watches."  I checked the back of my casing and there isn't even a single scratch or any way to tell he'd popped open the back and had done it so quickly." Replaced battery in my Tag watch for $5.  Done in a couple of minutes. Had battery replaced a couple years ago at the mall for $65.  Nice guy too.  it cost me $25 to get 4 watches fixed. Links taken out and batteries replaced. He was really fast and did great work."  I was a little anxious on where to go and how much it would cost!!) Very happy to have found this place It's easy to drive past this establishment. Slow down! (It's directly across the street from Nook.)" I had 8 watches that needed batteries. ....he was done in less than 10 minutes!  Great customer service and prices!  CASH ONLY! Cx9PbFydr_O3ptScw3_Iiw  my Tag had a new battery and was clickin' along. Can't ask for more." "Closed on Saturday's.  Read the Yelp reviews and headed to this shop to have a couple batteries replaced in old watches.  They are closed on Saturdays I've never been charged by any watch repair shops in LA for them to put on a band or take out a link  I needed to get my band fixed and for 5 bucks and under 5 minutes I was really happy."  etc. Some people mistook him as being rude when I didn't find him that way at all.. When I first arrived he was just finishing a job for another customer and didn't even charge him (I think it was a small job but still). I dropped off 12 watches to have batteries replaced  she thinks $5 is a rip off?  And then takes the opportunity to insult the state of AZ?  I think Miss Kitty should take her toys and attitude back to the Magic Kingdom!"  affordable and professional service. Can't go wrong with them!" This is a terrific business and he is genuinely interested in the best interests of the customer.  Kitty should go back to LA to rejoin her fellow whores!!!!!!! I waited 20 minutes and got quoted 40 dollars in the mall and they gave my watch back and said try it and make sure it is battery and sent me home with nothing! I walked in here and before I could even blink had a new battery for 5 dollars and got shown a beatiful Coach watch for under 100 dollars! If I was a coach fan I would have snagged it up in a heartbeat!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU LOCAL AZ! I WILL BE BACK! and hopefully someone snags that watch! Very knowledgeable and very fast.  I took in a watch to have the battery replaced and he obviously had done that brand before.  I then enquired if he did repairs (as well as battery replacement) and he said yes!  cheap and fast. $5 per each watch battery replacement." Quick & easy - and open on Sunday (but not Saturday).  Very reasonably-priced (only $5 per watch - but they take cash only). "Wow! Fast and easy battery replacement! $5 It would be VERY helpful if you would post your closures on your website instead of a piece of paper taped to the front door. Drove a long way for NOTHING. Not a great way to gain new customers. Doubt I will make the drive again.  and Pam watches here and have all been repaired perfectly. I have trusted him with watches over 25k and he has never let me down. He has saved me thousands over repairing at an authorized dealer Super happy I found my new go to battery spot!"  but very polite and quick. I'll be back there again! (Cash only and they are not open on Saturday)." I could not believe the value I got!" "I made the mistake of taking my Coach watch to a place that advertised that they did watch repair to change my battery. Not only did the place not know how do change but they couldn't get the back of it back on and tapped it up and sent me on my way. Fast forward to today k6C5YiGHU_aT8oXSkGb0Pg "Service was so nice and prompt!   I had smashed my watch on a wall and the second hand fell off.  The owner fixed it in mere minutes for only $5!  Super fair and prompt  reliable and very reasonable.  Whether it's a simple battery replacement or repair to a watch and some jewelry  inexpensive and convenient. Five bucks to masterfully fit my watch. Now  which seems like a steal to me! I was impressed with the quick service and affordable price. But come prepared its cash only!" "This is the only Watch Repair company I use. Most of the time it's to have the batteries changed or to remove links from a new watch. Quick and Easy. Cash & Carry but I usually seem to forget. By the time I return from the ATM  the guy who works there chiseled the back of my watch immediately. I'm really disappointed that a small part of my watch was chiseled off. I questioned him why did he do that to my watch. He told me that he would have charged me $15 more if it is hard to open. Bad experience...." "My husband and I had 3 watches that had dead batteries.. We had been putting off getting them changed & finally searched Yelp to find a place to go.. We chose to try this place & we were very happy! It took probably 5 minutes & he even fixed one of my watches that had an issue. The time was set as well as the dates.. All in all a very great experience!! Thank you so much In and out in less than 10 min for two watch battery replacements and even added a link to a watch. "I am still beyond excited to have found this place! We were in the Phoenix area on vacation for spring break. There we got engaged on the 3rd of our 8 day stay. Unfortunately the ring was just a smidge to big. Worried it would get lost if it slipped off hD8McD6pHAKF9SMbhi-SSw  and I am grateful they answered any all questions and concerns I had. We paid $60 to resize; not sure how that compares to other jewelers but I feel it was worth every penny! I will be a returning customer as long as I live in the valley!"  he was amazing. The jewelry there was gorgeous but my husband saw his dream watch. He is addicted to Suunto watches but he found a Citizen watch that we could not pass up. So in love with this place and I would highly recommend it to anyone who needs their jewelry needs taken care of. Professional and extremely helpful." "Once again Keith came through like a magician fixing my wife's wedding and engagement ring making it look BRAND new grabbing lots of comments throughout our vacation. Secondly I learned that they offer high end watch buffing and cleaning as he was able to buff out the Rolex watch I was giving my wife for our 1yr wedding anniversary while out in Phoenix. Would HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend Keith and his team to everyone. Outside of that  and follow through.  I am very satisfied with the repairs and battery replacement.  They are close to my home "I needed to get a necklace fixed and looked them up online. The reviews were good and they are close to home. I walked in as they opened last Saturday and asked them to fix my necklace. I was greeted immediately and warmly. My necklace was fixed within just a few minutes. The fee was very reasonable. Now THAT is service!  Because of the wonderful customer service and the reasonable fee  and he took care of them while I waited. They even gave me a special price for bringing three watches in."  the sales ladies were extremely friendly and informative. Carol stands out the most (even though all were amazing) she was very polite and a delight to do business with. Would definitely recommend this place over and over again." Wish Yelp will let me post with a simple sentence vs. write a story."  even thought TCW was not huge).  The two  men's rings are very handsome.  Beyond our expectations.  It was a huge undertaking for Keith.  I think he may have lost sleep over our rather large challenge.  He far surpassed our hopes.  Everyone loves their special ring from Mom.   To make this perfect Very friendly people and a relaxing atmosphere to wait and get a watch battery replaced. They're affordable and provided me with some great advice on caring for my watches. Recommended. At least I could easily get my rings fixed! After taking them to this great jewelry store they looked like new rings! And the bill was more than reasonable. Highly recommend them!!" Great service and more than fair pricing. Would recommend Keith and his staff to anyone shopping for wedding and engagement rings 000 piece of jewelry. We were there about 10 minutes and browsed around and she gladly showed us pieces we asked to see in the cases. There prices seemed quite reasonable (I had my eye on  a beautiful two-tone crucifix. They had a large assortment of crosses and Star of Davids. Nice. I will be back!" Very nice and helpful! I found them on Yelp and needed a battery change in my watch. It was fixed within one minute of entering their store- VERY impressed! Highly recommended. hD8McD6pHAKF9SMbhi-SSw THEN they worked magic on my watch with a battery replacement. Mickey now sings and I am a very happy camper. Thanks ever so much!" The watch repair at Hinrichsens is beyond amazing. This man is a genius! Repaired an Omega watchband using piano wire. Looks and functions like new. Omega wanted $500 for a replacement clasp that the genius here fixed for $75. I was confident when I brought it in that he could fix it...and I was right. So very pleased. 5 year warranty with watch battery (with receipt). But I think it might be expensive. I was in a rush so didn't have time to comparison shop. I'd still come back--they took care of my stuff. You will probably pay a little more  to repairing my favorite super delicate necklace.  I can't say enough good things.  Location is super easy as well - I park at Sears at PV mall and walk right through and the shop is right there.  Great staff - Great work - So glad I found them!" I needed a ring resized. They did a great job. Very friendly workers. I was also able to use a 20% off coupon. I am happy.  Thanks! This place is the biggest rip off! They should be ashamed wanting to charge $29 to change a battery on a cheap Timex watch. I could not stop laughing. They would not tell me how much the battery cost. I took the watch to Victoria at Wall-Mart who charged me the price of the battery which was about $4 and she replaced it at no cost in about 3 minutes. Thanks Victoria!  I also got 2 batteries for the price of one. Screw the warranty at Fast-Fix. Ha-ha. I really cannot describe the anger I have for this place. A new watch is supposed to be fun. Now I'm just filled with anger."  it was triple the price. Then told me - with an attitude - they couldn't honor my quote. Purposely talking over me 