 5pm....yeah right...who's gonna even bother answering?  These guys did.  Ed was here in about an hour.  He was very professional (he even put booties on his feet before coming into the house)  when it rains it pours...literally. I went down to the basement and discovered water all over the floor and a spray coming out of a water line and shooting to the ceiling. I've had way too many ""oh shit"" moments like these this summer. This time M0RJELIvWleZ-Tkd6vdXFQ "Got a good quote for some kitchen sink drain and laundry plumbing updates and had them come back and do the work the next month. Fast "We used rdn plumbing who was recommended by aha (american home shield) to help fix a clogged drain.  A guy named Justin came and helped us.  After he left the drain was unclogged but the pipe below the sink was leaking.  We left the country for vacation and have been swamped in construction afterwards.  We called aha for a recall to have rdn come back and fix the leaking pipe. I woke up at 830 am to justin screaming (and i mean screaming so loud that i was alarmed in bed with earplugs in).  He was questioning my husband about why we waited 3-4 weeks to call it in.  After my husbad explained that we were out of the country he implied thAtmy husband messed with the pipes himself.  My husband stayed calm and told him that he just needs to fix the problem from not putting pipes back together correctly.  THEN my husband askd if he could call aha and see if the leaking faucet would be covered.  He went out to his truck and called and then came barging back in with a wrench and started fixing the faucet by literally turning the wrench twice.  He told my husband while turning the wrench that it wasnt covered.  My husband tried to get im to stop because he only wanted to know if it was covered.  Justin freaked out again and wrote up a whole new work order.  He gave us the bill and stormed off.  The even wrote on the statement ""i am not going to be told how to do my job"".  I have never seen a temper tantrum from a so called professional in my life.  I als would like to add that i have NEVER left a 1 5 stars for any service professional and we are no strangers to house remodeing."  was extremely professional and was more than generous with information regarding the draining of the tank on a bi-yearly basis (something of which I did not know to do). He was polite and cleaned up after himself. They alleviated my issue and made me very happy. They're a little out of my range for basic needs as I live roughly 40 minutes from Homestead but I would HIGHLY recommend them to anyone. Awesome folks."  friendly and he helped to put my mind at ease during a stressful morning. He explained how to maintain the new tank to make it last longer. I highly recommend RND Plumbing and Their technician Ed! He certainly exceeded our expectations!!"  and I'll never call anybody else for my plumbing needs again." Had one issue that took three tries to fix although it was at their expense.  Yeah.  We loved that." Pretty disgusted with the service and the way I was treated.  Look somewhere else for your water softener needs." "I was contacting by Management at Culligan Total Water and they quickly resolved my issue.  I would still strongly discourage working with the salesman  they are way  overpriced. The prices they charge for replacement filters for the osmosis system are outrageous. The replacement cost for a new osmosis system was hundreds of dollars more than top of the line systems from other companies. Shop around  collections and upper management have all been fantastic.  We aspire to provide this level of customer service for our clients."  had a leak and was to be charged for a service call to tell me if under warranty or not. Contacted Culligan customer Service and Total Water did fix under warranty" Stopped in this afternoon to buy a refill for the five gallon jug I purchased from them. Customer service was Pitiful. Plan to return to doing business with Fox Water on Sherman Ave. even thou it is a little less convenient location wise. "Leaking spa and controller out of control. These problems were diagnosed properly and I scheduled the repair which was completed properly and I now have a spa working like it should. The store also has everything you need with people to help you if you don't know what you need. I have replaced the cover  knowledgeable staff!  I love my new hot tub cover!"  quoted inaccurately for parts and be hung up on...talk to Bob the manager.  Do yourself a favor and find another parts dealer."  as the owner(s) seem well stocked. Avoid if you can source elsewhere.   Hope BOB finds another job NOT in customer service."  I basically ""gave up"" and decided to figure things out myself.  All the phone calls to the spa manufacture(s) got me no where and hundreds of dollars to countless repair folks 