Had one issue that took three tries to fix although it was at their expense.  Yeah.  We loved that." Pretty disgusted with the service and the way I was treated.  Look somewhere else for your water softener needs." "I was contacting by Management at Culligan Total Water and they quickly resolved my issue.  I would still strongly discourage working with the salesman  they are way  overpriced. The prices they charge for replacement filters for the osmosis system are outrageous. The replacement cost for a new osmosis system was hundreds of dollars more than top of the line systems from other companies. Shop around  collections and upper management have all been fantastic.  We aspire to provide this level of customer service for our clients."  had a leak and was to be charged for a service call to tell me if under warranty or not. Contacted Culligan customer Service and Total Water did fix under warranty" Stopped in this afternoon to buy a refill for the five gallon jug I purchased from them. Customer service was Pitiful. Plan to return to doing business with Fox Water on Sherman Ave. even thou it is a little less convenient location wise. "Can you review water?  I think so.  I hope so since we're mostly made up of water and so is the Earth.  Great price I go out of my way to come here and each time I go to fill my water bottles The shaved ice is amazing!  They have every flavor you can imagine!!!  Outstanding! I've been getting my water here for years. Great water and great service. Also sell other products like shower filters. Love the shaved ice! Lemon and cotton candy are my favorite! The friendly staff make every visit enjoyable. Being an animal lover and a shaved ice lover - this place gets FIVE stars."  none of that scary artificial stuff. Denise was very friendly and welcoming. She actually takes the time to shave the ice and is not stingy with the flavoring. As I waited around I noticed the different water bottles from liters to gallons. One caught my eye of course OuRFI9c8s73i9whoTApxdQ The best water ever!!!!!!!!! Plus when you go in there you are  like family . Denise is wonderful you get to see the dog and you just feel warm and loved . The service at water connection is fantabulous! All of the workers are so nice!The sour spray is sooo good. I do recommend this an afternoon snack!Have Fun! Love this place!! I have been going there since I moved to the neighborhood about 10 years ago.They have the best Hawaiian shaved ice in AZ. 