I've only been going here for like...14 years! They are always sweet "I went here because I wanted to try a new salon and I'm glad I did. There was no wait time and the staff was very warm and friendly. I had a pedi and a full set All in all a great find. I think I've finally found my nail salon of choice in central phx. Thank goodness!" "First-time visitor despite living in the neighborhood forEVer. What a hidden gem! Walked right in I have been going here for over 4 years. I love it! Every one is friendly and they know what they are doing. Kim is a real professional. I would not change for the world.  next time you're there...I urge you to look at the floor by the pedicure chairs.  There is an enormous amount of toe-nail clippings.  Eew."  as one other post commented I looked over by the pedicure chairs and there were nail clippings everywhere! Not just where one lady got up and they didn't have time to clean or something  but it's clean and service was very friendly. We loved the foot and leg massages and never felt rushed. Very relaxing. Only $18 for a pedicure and $12 for mani."  but Yelp just told me I never finished it.  So here it is Yelpers.  I like it!" Very nice people and very well-done pedicure. Very reasonable! Will definitely be back! "Looking for a pedicure for the teenager and myself today and very glad I found Central Nails. Kelly did a great job on my well worn feet and the teenager's manicure and brows! Very pleasant people Would definitely come back here!" "Stopped in here to get a mani/pedi after reading great reviews. It smelled like fresh bleach when I walked in and the place was very clean! Everyone there was very friendly and welcoming and I had a great experience. My manicurist spent a lot of time making sure my nails were perfect as I explained I was getting them done for a wedding. Fair price "This is my worst experience I've ever had. I wouldn't give them even 1 star. there is only one guy speaks English enough to understand what you want. I came there to remove my gel manicure. The guy Thanks Central Nails!" I don't know why the reviews are so high except for these people must have never gone to a clean nail salon!"  this place definitely deserves way more than one star! VERY Clean facility! Will definitely be going back."  and they have Christmas lights up...I was in Heaven!" I walked in and everybody greeted me with a warm smile and helped me right away. Suzie was the one to do my nails and she gave me exactly what I asked for (this has never happened before lol) I had an over lay done and a pretty simple polish done with a design on my ring finger. It's perfect! She was really nice and happy to help me. I think I just found my regular nail spot. I highly recommend this place." I got a scalloped French and she couldn't have a steadier hand. Average pricing. $40 for a full set "Suzy did an awesome job! I went this saturday (3/1/2014) and got a gel manicure ($25) and gel polish on my toes ($15). She did an awesome job on both! I arrived at the store right when they opened and I was the only one for the whole time I was there. I will admit its a little tough to find since they only have a large ""NAILS"" sign and the ""Central Nails"" sign is in smaller writing on the window. I highly suggest Suzy for the conversation and the service! I will be returning :)" "I dropped in based on reviews since I didn't have time to get my fill and pedi in Tucson earlier this week. Nice ladies with quick but detailed fill and pedi. I will come back if I'm in town. Nothing fancy  be sure to ask for Henry! He did a bomb diggity job with my nails. And (!) he's almost as funny as Susie." Bummed I didn't score a customer card that I've read about on here. I'll have to grab one next time!"  provided quite a bit of entertainment and had the whole salon laughing and feeling at ease. Fair price and great customer service... I am glad I took a chance on Central Nails and will definitely return!" I was a walk in.  They took me right in which I deeply appreciated. I loved my manicure! I don't wear acrylics and the last time I got a french polish the polish chipped the same day.  Little did I know that gels are the solution! Beautiful work! No chipping and looked great for two weeks. My nails grew out and still the polish looked great.  Will return soon to get a manicure! With the 10% off for checking in on yelp it was decently priced. I will be back." "This place was okay. They valued my appointment which is good. I came early and they took me right away. I felt it was rushed and could have been better. At one point I asked to wash the filings off my hands and she told me I don't need to I gave them an extra star for being open when NOBODY ELSE in town was.  Thanks My new favorite place! My nails look gorgeous! The ladies are soooo sweet and funny too :) the prices are excellent! I got a special spa pedicure w/French tips and a full-set white tips with gel topcoat for $58 and Yelp discount...$70 including tip. WtTF0_KzCunQpRoojbF5ww  and they even guaranteed their work for two weeks. Taina should try speaking up during a service if it is not to her liking. Geez." I asked for the manager and there was no manager avail." This place was very friendly and clean. Henry was the gentleman who did my nails and did an awesome job!!! And he's very funny!! For sure will go back!!  easy to get an appointment and good customer service." "First time here-- 5 minutes after walking in my hands were soaking. It was quiet Three of us came in and were seated together for pedicures within ten minutes on a Friday night. Service was good and the ladies and gentleman were friendly!  The two ladies I was with got gel manicures which were also done well. S38mSDCC1RIdxp6XujMbBg  and she did!! She was aware I was short on time and did an amazing job. I would recommend coming here if you are short on time and need it done pronto."  and I am so glad I did.  My daughter and I was able to walk right in and we were taken care of right away.  The staff was very nice and attentive. My nails were done with precision Looking for a great spot for a gel manicure for the 4 years ive lived in the area ! After trying what feels like every place on Indian school I stumbled across this gem. Suzy and Diane could not have been any more accommodating . I got the BEST gel manicure and pedicure . They really took their time and I didn't feel rushed at all . I Cant wait to return and be pampered again ! Highly recommend it !  I had to find a new nail salon. I have natural nails and always get a gel manicure. I am super meticulous on my gel manicures. I don't like it to unevenly bleed onto my skin or bubble up. I like them perfect. Danny the only guy who works there is the only one I let do my nails. Suzy is great but I think Danny does gel best! He recently started at this salon a few months back so the guy the other reviewers are referring to is not him. I asked! ;)" "I originally came to this salon because it was well reviewed and just blocks from my house.  This will be my forever salon because of the friendliness of the staff and the AWESOME job Diane does!  I prefer almond-shaped nails and she gets it perfect every time.  They are accommodating and always fit me in.  Affordable  fun and professional." WtTF0_KzCunQpRoojbF5ww Suzie is awesome!! I've been going to her for 12 years and will never go anywhere else!! Nails always turn out amazing and the staff is so much fun!  reasonably priced. I moved to the area recently and am thrilled to have found this place!"  since I've moved in the area. I refuse to go anywhere else. Suzy & her team are THEE BEST!"  we walked back up front so I could pay. And guess what?! Their prices are great! I'll definitely be back!" The prices are the better end of most gel mani deals you can get around town so I recommend this spot for specifically this treatment!" "Suzie and Danny definitely do not disappoint! Their work is always 100% on point! My nails love you guys My gels lasted for more than 2 weeks- and the prices are unbeatable!" Service was good but my account was overcharged. I agreed to pay $21 on my receipt and was charged $27. Be sure to check bank statements after using a card. Such a great place.  Got one of the best gel manicures I have ever gotten! Will definitely be going back!! "We love this place! The techs are nice and Suzie is a burst of energy! She did both my mom's and my tattooed eyeliner We loved this place. Five of us showed up without an appointment for pedicures and they accommodated us cheerfully. Did a great job on our toes too! Good selections of polish and the nail art can't be beat. Great way to get out of the heat too. If I could give zero stars I would!! For one I came in explaining my expectations. I don't ask for much but a good paint job and if you can't do good design well tell me. I was told they were good by the lady that had the desk in front. Well that was a lie!! My pedi no design matches and some toes do not even have a full design and she comes by and say really nice. In my mind I want to so are you blind!!! My daughters nails look like my 6 year old did the design which I was charged $5 for and all she did was take gold paint and made one squiggly line which does not resemble a lightning bolt. I end up walking out with out my nails painted and they charged me $215 for the worst service ever!! Oh and to top it off didn't even respect the Yelp coupon of 10% off LOVE this place! Always great customer service and Suzie always does a great job on my nails! They have a great selection of colors to choose from (gel and regular nail polish). The luxury pedicure was really fantastic and a great price! I definitely recommend this place. The women were friendly and didn't skimp on service quality. Loved my event tuxedo nails! I very much enjoyed this place very nice and awesome people.  I usually never stray from my regular salon but I might just have to make this  my regular place from now on. I won't be coming back here. They told me that the reason my design looked so bad was because it was hard to do... I ended up ruining my nails because he didn't make sure they were dry. Within 3 DAYS 4/10 nails lifted & fell off. I'd go back for a refund but I don't want them working on my nails again. Ridiculous." Great job!  My feet are so refreshed and what great detail!!!!   My daughters fill-in was done with great detail!  Thanks Diane and Lee!!!!! "Stopped by for a gel mani and regular pedicure and they got me in for both right away. They were all kind and very attentive. They took their time making sure the gel was covering the whole nail but not on my skin...which is important for gel First time here and it was a great experience. Great customer service and clean environment not to say my nails came out amazing and it's very affordable. Will be returning for sure "So happy! My girlfriend and I came in to have a manicure. She had coffin gels and I had a gel manicure. My tech 12/20- yet again another flawless visit :)"  and a terrific pedi. Great with my six year-old daughter. I will be back." One of the best nail salons I've been to.  Susie did magic with my acrylic nails and I also received a fantastic pedicure from another Tech. The other three in my party also received great service from their Techs and my eight year old granddaughter was treated with so much respect. The attention to detail was fabulous. I would recommend this salon to everyone. Too bad I can't take it home with me. "Excellent service & great price point! Got a gel mani. Wintering in Phoenix & found Central Nails on Yelp. Friendly "Found this place on Yelp and had never been before.  I am very hesitant to try new nail places but I ended up liking it a lot! It was a very friendly and professional environment.  I went to have gel done and my friend got a pedicure.  The quality of the jobs were pretty good but not the best WtTF0_KzCunQpRoojbF5ww Had appointment for 3pm called was going to be late got here 8 minutes late had to wait and was real dirty filthy so I left. I left because of the filth. "They were able to do a gel manicure and spa pedicure on short notice/walk in basis. They were friendly but unfortunately the male nail tech cut so deeply into my cuticle that it bled for about 30 minutes while he was doing my nails. He tried to stop the bleeding with super glue (or something like it) but the bleeding started up again when he was applying my color. I thought he was going to throw the bottle of polish away after he finished with me (since my blood was now on the brush that he used to apply the color and now  and they look great. He got a bit close to the skin while doing the cuticle and cut my skin. It's a very clean shop Amazing service from an incredibly friendly staff! The place was very clean and put together with bright lighting. The mani/pedi was well done with sterile prepackaged instruments. I would highly recommend this place to anyone!  usually when family comes into town. So I don't know what to compare it with. Today I went by myself to Central Nails on Indian School Rd in Phoenix. Now THIS is how it's done! Great service. They are gentle too. Next time family comes to town "Yes. You read that right. 5 stars. This guy did my mani/pedi worked me good!!! Like he was all over them like he owned them! After the foot massage "Gel nails that chip after one day for $30? This is the worst manicure I've ever gotten. Even when it was freshly done it was lumpy  which is normal considering it was the weekend and everyone was getting manicure & pedicures. When I got called back the lady said a warm hello to me then pointed to her blue tooth to signal she was on a call. The entire time she waxed my eyebrows she was talking on the phone...I'm all for multi-tasking but when you have a client present that seems a bit rude. Also Recently moved to Phoenix and drove 15 mins out to central nails based off of reviews from Yelp and I left very pleased! Susie is great! Very welcoming. Highly recommend !!  and they turned out wonderful. Another thing I loved was that she checked each nail against the one on the opposite hand to make sure they were even length -- I can't count how many times I've gotten acrylics and had them crooked or different lengths on each hand. I will be coming here again; I've definitely found my favorite nail salon in Phoenix so far!" Do not go to this salon! They overcharged my card twice (changed the tip amount) and refused to refund the money. The gel manicure was peeling off the next day too. Don't waste your money and go somewhere else. Terrible costumer service. Had my nails done on Friday somewhere else that I've gone to for years but hated them - went to have them fixed this evening after class. I love the people at the new place and she did an awesome job! I'll definitely be going back to Central Nails  if I'm in the area again I will for sure be back!"  she was great and very helpful. She also made my friend and I feel comfortable. Even though she was very busy Suzie always does a great job.  Quality work that lasts!!  The whole shop is helpful and seems to constantly have repeat customers.  When you come expect great work and a fun atmosphere. They're honest and only do what you want or need done! "Called and asked if they had availability to do 2 pedicures together. She said there would just be a 15 minute wait. Got there within 5. ""Are you the girl who just called?"" ""Yes"" ""Great"" we waited the 15 minutes and then they sat us both. They started on my friend when they were almost done with her (35 min) later came to do mine. I passed. I don't have another 30 minutes and make my friend wait for me. Next time just say you can only do one so we wouldn't waste our time and could have enjoyed pedicures together." The only downfall of this place is the nail polish selection - it really isn't great.  I would recommend bringing your own.  I haven't checked out the gel selection - I think they have a lot more options." Suzie is wonderful and fast been going to her for years she is the best.  She always Gets creative and she is talented  love her They did a great job on my feet and hands! I will go back for sure! They were friendly and very easy going. Prices are better than most places! My daughter and I just had mani/pedis here and they were great. We got the basic package but were surprised at how much time they took and how thorough both services were. My daughter also got her eyebrows waxed. Love this place and will definitely go back. "I have visited the Nail Expo on Indian School Road a few times now. I always get the same person (her name escapes me right now) and she is very good. She has done manicures as well as eyebrow waxing for me and I find her to be a very good waxer. The manicures were not perfect  but we were greeted and seated quickly.  The ladies did a fabulous job!  If you are looking for something special "I like them - I told my technician (Kim) that in the past my nails have not been shaped how I like them  they soon started to fall apart. After paying 25 plus tip I was hoping they would last longer.. They just were not made with love. I won't be getting acrylic here any longer." I hate that I even need to give this place 1 star!! The absolute worst manicure and pedicure... They made the nail polish on my toes so thick it already peeling not even 3 days later! I got gel nails for my mani and the side of my nails weren't painted so I asked her to fix it and ended up with polish all over my skin! I had to have big toe repainted 3 times because it was bubbling (left and came back 2x in one day) yea it's cheap but the saying you get what you pay for couldn't be more true for this awful place!!! So pay the extra 10 bucks and get nails done that your proud to show off! NEVER GOING BACK EVEN IF THEY PAID ME TOO!!! So I got a full set of french before Thanksgiving. She was quick and talkative but the quality of her work was awful! Within 2 days they were coming up and cracking on the sides. I did go back and the sister of the owner was happy to fix them but what a mess. I paid $28 for horrible set! I am very unhappy and will never go back! Find another nail salon! They don't use primer for the long lasting nail polish and then it chips. I went back to have the lady fix it and she did the same poor procedure. I wonder if they want your nails to chip. 