 they always exceed my mom's expectations.) Better service and quality than national chains.  Offers a variety of flowers for every event holiday."  and they were beautiful. Everyone who's seen their arrangements has been absolutely blown away - and the flowers last for ages (my great-aunt raves about them). It gives me tremendous peace of mind  but they did a fantastic job and all with a smile on! Sardha does fantastic work; the next time I need flowers arranged I'm definitely heading down Independence to the Flower Hut! Their prices are far more reasonable than other Charlotte florists that are located in trendy neighborhoods. Trust me Best roses ever! And the boyfriend had them just make a nice arrangement and of course it was beautiful. They should  be ashamed that they destroyed my daughter's pride of giving her MOM a loving gift."  not the sad looking smaller version of what she received. I asked for a refund of the original order that was far from what was advanced.  Unfortunately they failed to give good service and did not keep his work of exchanging the arrangement. Instead he shamefully "She is fantastic! I came her to because my boss recomended her...it's always scary taking your wedding dress to someone...especially when you are on a very tight budget. For our wedding there were two brides so we had two dresses  which helped to calm my nerves about the work. Her prices are reasonable and she worked quickly and within my timeline. The results were beautiful. I can't recommend her enough and I'll definitely be taking things there in the future."  she tells you what the dress needs and the costs up front. She is fast and works with your schedule. She really seems to care that you are happy with her work.  Definitely recommend!" Best spot ever. Take your stuff here. You won't be disappointed." "Darlene is awesome. I had to have my bridesmaid dress taken in in the bust and had to have it done in under a week. Darlene did an awesome job on the alteration and had it done in six days. I paid $45 "Did great work the first time. The second time I brought a pair of new jeans in for hemming that had been worn for a few hours to make sure they fit well. The woman working the counter claimed that the small amount of dust on the original hem from this wear constituted soiling Truly as good as it gets." "Darlene can work wonders on clothes that don't fit right. I've been coming to her for 2 years  service is fast and professional--and Darlene is a delight. I will be coming here for all my future alteration needs!"  at best the service is inefficient and slow. As a direct result of this interaction I will not do business with Altered States Alterations now or at any time in the future." Happy the wedding stuff is done and now I can start getting my regular stuff tailored.  I have a pile of jeans and jackets waiting." "I have used Darlene for multiple bridesmaids dresses over the years and she has always been great. This time she managed to get a bridesmaid dress that was ordered pre-pregnancy to fit me in the late stages of pregnancy. Amazingly  but also very difficult to work with.  She didn't like any of my ideas and just didn't seem to want to work with me to find a solution if my ideas weren't going to work.  She was rude and short with me at times.  For the final consultation Used them for my wedding. Brittany was perfect and patient with me being a picky indecisive bride. When I was able to view my flowers the day before I got teary eyed. Everything came out well. My colors matched perfectly (even my dream lavender roses!!!) and her suggestions for accents were perfect (esp since I had no clue how to pick flowers)   and was so specific on the type of look I wanted for this Bday arrangement. Had a very tight window time frame for delivery and everything was right on time. Most importantly.. When my sister sent me a pic of what the flowers looked like great experience with Theresa on the phone. very helpful getting a wedding bouquet to dearest friends from 2000 miles away.  and brought it to life! She also put together beautiful table settings filled with hydrangeas. I recommend this florist for weddings as they were timely with delivery  they had already stopped delivering when I ordered.  They called me back and arranged to have them delivered anyway!! Awesome customer service! Made my day  then the wilting began.  No luck with calling for any help in complaint.  Ownership doesn't seem to care.  Will go elsewhere next time." made a last minute order and within hours it was delivered! i live out of state and have never ordered with blossom basket before but i am glad i did! thank you so much for the beautiful flowers to my mother and excellent customer service! :) Brittany understood exactly what I had envisioned for my wedding flowers and exceeded our expectations.   The flowers were gorgeous!!  The service was impeccable.  they were extremely friendly and created beautiful bouquets and arrangements I was so proud to have at our wedding." Blossom Basket is my first stop for all of my floral needs and wants.  The staff is friendly and the quality of the product is exquisite.  The wedding coordinator even remembers me every time I go in from my wedding four years ago.  I also appreciate their involvement in the community by providing free flowers for 'Good Neighbor' Day and their partnership with the C-U One-to-One Mentor appreciation days! "Each year I order birthday flowers for a friend who lives in Champaign (I live out-of-state.)  I have always received helpful Thank you Blossom Basket for a job well done!"  their talent and skills and their customer service. They even sent me pictures by email of the flowers and balloons before delivery.   I highly recommend them and won't use anyone else in Champaign!!!" "Blossom Basket are timely and efficient.  When I call them with an order "Blossom Basket Florist makes beautiful flower arrangements.  I see a lot of them because I work in a hospital.  Sometimes the families leave the flowers for the staff to enjoy  delivery is fast and the flowers are beautiful.  You definitely get your money's worth with her large beautiful arrangements.  Once April was out of a certain vase for what my husband ordered April's is my go-to place for flowers." "Thank you April's Florist for the beautiful arrangement you delivered on time and described as the most beautiful arrangement at my Uncles Service.  Although I'm in Southern CA and the service was in Urbana April's has consistently delivered great arrangements and smiles! Highly recommended and will visit again!  the price was definitely worth the product my wife received when I had them delivered to her workplace. She said they were the best floral arrangement she had ever gotten. She sent me a picture and I expected less than what you see online. But they looked EXACTLY like the online advertisement. I will never use another florist in Champaign/Normal  friendly service and was shown a number of options at varying price points. Picked out an adorable succulent with pretty pink flowers for under $15 before tax. Was in and out in under 10 minutes." I got my flowers and boy were they beautiful and super fresh! They lasted me for well over a week and a half with water and adequate sunlight."  friendly and knowledgable staff. Prices are well below the chain florists here in Central Phoenix and I always like to help the small business owner "This place is excellent. The staff is very helpful and sweet. The prices are very reasonable. I love the fact that you can pick and choose what flowers you want in your arrangement from the walk-in and they charge just by the flower... kinda like AJ's but less expensive. Or "I was looking for a local florist shop that could create bouquets without following the traditional catalogue style. The owner Shelli did an amazing job helping me out and being patient with my requests. I actually went a few times myself and the drive isn't easy from where I am in Scottsdale but worth it. The bouquet turned out great. They made it definitely unique and many compliments were given. I therefore got to feel like I not only helped in creating it but that the staff was receptive to my requests and helpful in giving suggestions They have a huge selection of containers (vases "This is my go to place for flowers to be delivered.  The service is always wonderful and the arrangements beautiful.  When I call they always put together ""something"" that is quite impressive.  I have had flowers from here as well as other florists and the flowers from Community Florist are always fresh and last a long time." I did catch her making a really cool looking arrangement as well. I rather wish I had had the foresight to come in earlier and order what I needed imSAkSzL5X1rUc3Z1ZMYeA This place is fantastic! Beautiful arrangements. Cheerful employees that will do anything to help you. Great delivery service too. "I love Community Florist!  I use them to get bimonthly flowers to decorate my salon and I also used them for my wedding.  They worked with my budget and I couldn't believe how many flower arrangements I got for what I spent. I was also able to make payments which really helped.  My bridal bouquet was absolutely stunning and matched my personality and accented my dress.  Their prices are amazing as well and they can work with any budget.  Over the last year I have purchased arrangements to celebrate birthdays It was definitely a positive experience use them again. Thank you so much for all your help Annie."  I knew there were several details that could make or break the experience.  I'm so glad it went as well as I could have imagined "Ordered the ""Be Happy Bouquet"" today and it looks great! Thank you Shelly for being so accommodating and quick with the order for my boyfriend! He was pleasantly surprised! It was a spur of the moment idea to get the flowers and I was concerned he wouldn't get them the same day since he had the next day off  and I have to say for the quite reasonable cost sent one of the most beautiful displays I've seen from any florist." Way to stand behind your product!" "I ordered a bouquet of pink flowers for a co-worker who was recently diagnosed with breast cancer.  My only request was that the bouquet be pink  and Community took the order. Their delivery structure sucks. Wouldn't help get the flowers earlier to me as I was leaving work early. Finally got the bouquet and my boyfriend saw them and said it was not what he ordered! Called to find out what happened All in all it was beautiful and perfect." I cant give this place 5 stars because I didnt use their service so I cant say how it was. I did visit it though while looking for my wedding venue and it was by far the most beautiful place I saw. It was extremely out of my budget though. Certainly more interesting than your typical hotel banquet hall!" o9RdxU-kRtPQMeXUTnggNQ  we knew this was the right venue for us. We looked at up to 8 places and this was easily the winner. Tasha made the planning so stress free and was always friendly to work with. You can tell she enjoys her job. The venue has a beautiful and rustic feel with hundreds of candles and trees to provide shade. The inside area is very intimate and something you have to see to believe" We got married here yesterday.  It was beautiful and everyone loved the venue.  Tasha was great to work with and there are just so many cool places to take pictures.  We did a morning ceremony in late April.  The only complaint I have is that where we had the ceremony (center courtyard) had only 50% shade.  The groom's side was empty because everyone was huddled around the shady south side.  I love living close to here so I can sneak a peek when I'm out walking the dogs. the garden was very nice although the roof of the reception area was dirty and made it appear dark.I will rate the food as o.k.because they ran out of lamb kabobs oh...and...you can rent the venue by the hour for family photos if you want. there are so many wonderful backgrounds for photos! we ran out of time before we were able to shoot in front of all the backgrounds we wanted to." "Boojum Tree was absolutely magical. Every single guest came up to me and said it was the most beautiful venue they had ever been to. I also had a lot of set up and take down and Tasha was amazing. She answered all my questions Thank you Tasha and the staff at The Boojum Tree!" "One of the Valley's best kept secrets. I got married here in September 2011 and it was amazing. This venue was the prefect mix of desert rustic and beauty. Tasha the event coordinator was a dream to work with. And the vendors were amazing. I love looking at my wedding album Also only a handful of people danced. People were too spread out in the grounds and the bride even went ""missing"" for a bit when she went to see people on the other side of the venue. The bathrooms are also far away from the dinner / reception area  a perfect little oasis in the middle of the city.  We had a morning brunch wedding and Tasha was so accommodating.  Everything went perfectly and everyone kept commenting at how beautiful everything was.  I would tell anyone who is looking for a unique place to have a wedding or any other sort of event to look at Boojum Tree.  It truly is a hidden garden."  no fuss and the girls who arranged it were so helpful! Excellent service and reasonable wedding packages.  They recommended our photographer We were married here 4 years ago and still can't get over the wonderful and beautiful experience we had at Boojum! People to this day still comment how gorgeous the venue was on our big day! The coordinator is super helpful and experienced.  but made easier by the incredibly attentive Boojum team and the packages they offered. Every single one of my guests had to travel to The wedding I just had an elopement ceremony there.  The grounds are so beautiful and so many photo ops!  Taylor and Jennifer were very communicative the entire time.  Highly recommend checking out this venue when planning your wedding!  they get 5 stars for service. I'm not sure if I liked the format of the wedding events We had our holiday company party here December 2015 with about 105 in attendance.  The site and setting was absolutely beautiful and perfect.  I heard comments from many employees that it was the best holiday event ever.  It wasn't too formal nor too rustic.  Taylor Leslein was incredibly helpful and responsive to our needs.  Great DJ and awesome food by the recommended caterer we used.  Ran short on desserts but we'll plan more for next time.  :-)  hilarious and just a blast to be around.  I will sincerely miss communicating with her all the time but I still intend to bug her just because she is so wonderful. She gave me the best set of vendors to work with and the whole wedding went off like a well-oil machine. We were able to customize so much to make it our own but it wouldn't have been possible to achieve that level of perfection anywhere else. Boojum Tree will forever hold such a special place in my heart. If I ever find myself driving by the area during an open house on Tuesday night If you are looking for an outdoor wedding in a garden-type setting  the Boojum Tree is so gorgeous and unique. All of our guests couldn't stop raving about how beautiful it was. If you're looking for a wedding that feels like an escape to a tropical oasis My daughter was married there in November two years  and guests are STILL talking about the wedding. If you want a memorable wedding that gives you the best bang for your buck o9RdxU-kRtPQMeXUTnggNQ "Plan ahead and book this venue! It was amazing and even though all the pictures are gorgeous - not a single one does it justice. It's quirky and rustic and SO versatile. They have packages that meet a wide range of needs and budgets. We had an elopement-style ceremony with under 20 people present. We got use of the plaza  and is truly invaluable for the day-of. We will be recommending Boojum Tree Hidden Gardens to all of our family and friends for all of their future events. Not that we needed to say much- they all said it was the best wedding they've ever been to!!" Fantastic venue for the wedding party and guests alike. Couldn't be happier with our wedding. 