Where they shine is in restaurant supplies! Check it out....fun place to forage!"  and commercial-grade quality. I picked up a hefty polypropylene cutting board on my last visit. Vastly superior to the department store versions. Fair prices   barb lenders and literally a ton of other stuff..   I found out after-the-fact but you can park in front of the store though the curb is painted yellow - customer only parking....  Great place and  for as busy as they were  it's far enough away from the general hubbub   but prices tend to be high.  This is worth a stop if you need larger cooking items." Anyhow I find BJ's to offer great value for the money with friendly employees & good prices for gas."  but they take coupons.  They have self-checkouts and take credit cards that Sam's doesn't take." "FREE 60-Day Membership - WARNING.  I got a coupon for a Free 60 day Membership from a Valpak mailing to my house.  My wife had me go there to claim the membership and get some Milk.  BJ's Customer Service informed me that I would have to buy a $40 dollar one year membership that I could get a refund up to one year.  They basically give you the first 60 days free 60 day trail membership! Free! I tried Bj's out and it is great! I still like Costco better. Bj's doesn't have a big produce section. It is nice that they let you use manufacturers coupons! Look forward to going back!" They have great prices and they have a nice selection of just about anything you want.  Checkout is a breeze and they send out a nice coupon booklet every so often for additional savings.  We saved $45.00 with our coupons at checkout today...Score!"  but the BJ's bakery makes the bagels just like NYC. I am totally hooked."  one of my favorite areas in Costco....  The selection in other areas such as clothing was NOT impressive.  Overall  Ft. Mill and south Charlotte area BJ's is convenient."  so far everything I have bought has been great! Good prices on wine also...kind of a mixed bag as to what you get - I noticed that it changed from week to week. So although its not as big as Costco..its well worth the investment. They also have self checkout which was great - because there was no line..I would say --give it another try if you haven't been there in a few years..I think they are changing their image!!" The gas is cheaper than others nearby but it's still more expensive than going to South Carolina." 3 stars for not having fresh-made (on-site) items like its competitors (this is not a deterrent for me) "Slowest deli department in town. They have no sense of time so you know they don't value you yours. If they are attempting to push you to buy pre-packaged this is a novel and effective way to do so  smelly and disheveled looking for me.  It is definitely Costco's distant Definitely looking forward to putting the membership to good use anytime we have BBQs  and other gatherings!" "I absolutely detest this company.  Joined with a free trial membership.  At time of joining was convinced to buy $40.00 membership for 16 months.  Was also told I get free $50.00 gift certificate at Restaurant.com. The very next day I get BJ email offering cheaper membership than I had paid. Also come to find I need to spend $100 to save $50 Frequently stop carrying items you've bought for years. :( Great $ on propane tank refill.  Lots of good coupons for other items. And they carried this Korean pork jerky that was soooooooo soooooooo good and then discontinued that too and I still look for it every time I go." "Best deal you will find on tires anywhere.  Be careful with the groceries though - some are way more than what you would pay at a grocery store.  Store brand medications are also the cheapest you'll find anywhere.  The best thing is that while waiting for your tires to be installed "It's a Sam's Club duh!  It's basically a Wal-Mart on steroids.  Never venture here on the weekends Love this place! On Saturdays you can sample your way through getting full! The rotissere Chicken salad is the best I have ever had! I love the oven roasted chicken wings in the freezer section (this is the only place you can get them) Go early Saturdays... free samples of a lot of different things." "Researched the three chains of warehouse style stores to figure which would be the best deal. Went to the sams club website which stated I would be allowed to obtain a one day pass with a surcharge. I needed something specific but was interested in obtaining a membership to knee of the three clubs. After driving the 25 miles to get to the club I was told that I had to come with a printout of the actual day pass. I tried to tell the employee that the website stated I did not need to bring a pass but visit the customer service desk and would receive one. I was ready total pay whatever surcharge I needed to pay. After speaking to a second person at customer service and told that "" they ran out of day passes""  and shoddy employment practices. But Sam's Mart has relatively short queues I am a big fan of Sam's Club! We usually go at least every month or so to stock the pantry and freezer with kids school snacks and meats. I agree there are certain items you have to watch out for but if you are like me and research the ads and shop around for the best deals it helps.  even when I asked to speak to a manager. I have never in my life encountered such awful customer service. I told them to forget it and that I was going to get cakes through a local grocery store chain... and I did. We will never use Sam's Club again." I am so sick of Walmart and Sam's Club associates. My visit today at Sam's Club was beyond aggravating. I understand you have to have a membership to shop and I was going to apply for one today but soon as I walked in the door which was about 3:00pm this lady or so call greeter was very disrespectful and didn't even give me a chance to go get me a membership card. She kept asking if I had a card and I said no I going to apply for one right now. I wanted to cuss her out so bad but I didn't. And the next time she does something like that again I will tell her about herself. Both Walmart and Sam's Club need to learn valuable customer service. "Wally World !!! They have it all here ! Nice selection Walmart on steroids... Customer service is a joke. I cancelled my Sam's membership because of the lack of customer service at this store! Sam's Club is fine as long as you don't ever have to interact with an employee. This location is pretty well stocked." Horrible customer service! Asked for help with something the girl would rather have fun on her phone and talking to other employees. Said something to manager and they didn't care . I do like Sams club but must give them one star for the rude people that work at the optical center. I called to see if they had my contacts in stock and asked her to repeat herself and she ended up screaming into the phone. Extremely rude. Sam's club is the best. Also get what I need and get out pretty quickly. The only negative thing I can say is some times the line to get out the door gets long.  and I don't blame them.  But it's just so much fun to run up and down the creepy The dark side of this fairy tale is that the key doesn't work very well. It only locks the dead bolt (doesn't unlock) and only unlocks the door knob lock (doesn't lock it). However  a good place to buy locally on a super Saturday!"  much more. I shop this store frequently even bring out-of-towners here. My aunt sometimes makes trips from central california just to shop here. Check it out." Friendly and helpful associates - such a great experience!!" This is the place to take out of town guests to find those unique imported items"  we bought a lot of things!  We were there for the latest wave of outdoor patio decorations. Left with 2 big pots "Very cool place...HUGE! Lots of nooks and crannies with a wonderful selection of Day of the Dead- themed items. I bought two DOTD-themed tiles for $9 each. Wish I could have bought more LOVE This place - looked on YELP for Mexican pottery for my patio and as usual YELP doesn't disappoint. Great selection of all things Mexico - including great pottery at really good prices.  and miscellaneous items.  The prices are very good and the owner and employees are friendly and helpful.  We always have a good time there Juan and Alex were very friendly anD help. Their products are good quality and prices are fantastic! I strongly recommend dropping by on weekends and sampling some of their newest goodies at one of the many free sample stands."  Costco - with a newly added gas station - on the other side.  If you need it - it's most likely here."  twelve-packs of relish and blocks of cheese that will you last you the rest of your life? You can't beat the prices or the ever changing selection. But the best part? The samples (weekends Where are the vegetarian options??  Thats nice you can get a 20 pack of Italian sausages  pasta with an artichoke alfredo sauce and angelfood cake topped with whipped cream and a strawberry. yay! I've heard their churros are also yummy but have never eaten at the little cafe. clearly there's no need to."  I hope I go to the big costco in the sky...." And don't be a philistine.  Medium rare  and so I am here harping on the two problems I have with CC. One is the parking mentioned by other reviewers and the other is the bad service at the food court. I don't mean the samples handed out on almost every aisle and the hassle of the lines as stereotypical fat people line up like hippos at a rotten carcass to 'just try a sample'. I mean the little restaurant inside the store where the hippos line up to drown their peptides in sugar and grease. The food at any CC is outstanding fast food at an unbelievably good price. The pizza is fresh and really tasty and only 9.99 for a whole pie And their house pizza at the snack bar? Killer. There was a stupid Chuck-e-cheese type place back in Chicago my parents used to take me to when I was a kid  I have the healthiest most functional relationship with Paco than I have had with any to date"  I shop with confidence at Costco. The offerings go way beyond the trusted brands and I value the ability to sample food items before buying. The Kirkland house brand never disappoints and I swear their flowers last longer than any other florists' bouquet!"  I never seem to have a problem. I park on the north side or sometimes I ride my bike. (They do have a couple places in front where you can lock up your bike.)"  and tire service center but I have yet to utilize those services.  I am a fan of the place and will surely keep up my membership there." Long live American Consumerism!"  I'm not complaining too much as long as I get my free samples!"  Costco is directly responsible for the fact that I am now full of anti-oxidents. Every month I make sure I have stocked up on soy milk  but this is one of a couple of exceptions I make.  It seems they treat their employees fairly as most of the employees at this store seem to have been there for years if not a decade. One thing that gives me comfort in my purchasing is they have a terrific return policy and take about anything back." "This Costco is the best. Its never super busy even on weekend mornings. Parking isnt a nightmare ever! There are cute boys who work there all over the place  pay the extra money and get everything done the same day  Costco.  I am sure I'll be back soon... I have a feeling I may need to stock up on diapers and wipes at some point in the near future!"  never had this problem at any other Costco. I showed the lady my card and she tells me I have to go to the other side and show my card to the other lady. UHH does she have a special card scanner at the entrance? NOPE. She is just a worker standing by the door like you. I know it's not a big deal to walk around the counters to get to the food court Not always the best price and often over crowded but still like Costco. My biggest complaint is that they are in bed with the sleazy company American Express. I so wish they would break that tie then I would give them 5 stars.  I'd rather earn $1-1pt rewards using my credit card than $3-1pt rewards."  there are so many samples to try you wont even need lunch. Beware of buying stuff you do not need. It's so easy to say "It's Costco in Scottsdale. What can you say. Nice selection Costco is the Shiznit. They have everything and not to mention the fact that their generic brand (kirkland) is the best of any generic. They have great food and a Super cheap food court (that only takes cash). You cannot beat Costco. Only reason it's not 5 stars is because the Chandler location is nicer.  for sure. And I love it." "My main review is for the Photo department which I obviously work a lot with.   The photo staff remains in place for years....which I LOVE.  They all know me....know my quirks....and jump through hoops to make sure I'm happy (which I always am).  Can't say enough good things about them.  And the stuff that they can do (poster This Costco location has the best Tire Center I've ever visited. The check-in/check-out process was efficient and the wait-time quote was right on. The member gas station has been our favourite aspect and the main reason we got a membership.  We never fill up anywhere else.  Generally about 5 cents less than others nearby."  the optician (thanks Dr.s Ryan and Huang - I can see now) I love Costco for the variety and value it offers. I shop at the original ""Price CLub on Morena in San Diego and also the Arcadia location in Phoenix. Both rock. I see the same people all the time who are helpful and friendly. Most would never be able to spot the store manager at the Arcadia store because more often than not you will see him stocking shelves. You just have to know that's the boss. That fits with my idea of management. When the boss is that hands-on  including ""food-sample-giver-outers"". I like to purchase gas at the Costco gas station next door and then walk around inside Older Costco still holds up well. tFyQbNbBQEyEc9oCr1pJUg  food and everything in between!  A definite must in my book  or their own Credit card." Costco also has some cool online exclusives  but this Costco has to be one of the better organized and there are an abundant amount of workers to help you out.  Be prepared to spend at least $100.  You think you only need a few things "Really like the employees here. So friendly.  I'd give them five stars if they'd just carry more organic food. Right now I like their organic milk Cons: I drive a high performance car and the manufacturer recommends only premium gas. I thought I was buying that from Costco. Turns out I wasn't. My car mechanic told me that my engine was full of deposits left by poor quality gas. The check engine light came on. Costco buys their gases from whoever is offering the lowest prices (savings they pas on to their customers). I guess that's fine for a regular car "Love the cheap gas there compare to all other major brand gas stations.  Their gas station usually close an hour after the actual store closes.  If you want some cheap gas and don't want to wait in line  they do their best to ensure the quickest wait time. Last month the Pharmacist told me that there was a coupon I could get to save $50 on my meds. Great customer service!" "I love this Costco. I've never had anything less than exceptionally friendly and helpful service there. Employees will stop in the middle of working on any job to help me get down large items XLqnjlLYt0_q_NG7l_BpMA PS: The Kirkland brand cranberry and macadamia nut cereal is delightful." Tl; dr: Costco~because you're worth it" I always have a good time here. So should everyone else. Costco ftw!" The staff is nice .... Tables never seem to be clean and treys the beef brisket was great except for the bread On the inside it is your typical Costco. They have a pretty nice pharmacy and more pet supplies than some Costcos so i was pretty impressed by that. The staff are always super friendly and accommodating and like at any Costco you can return pretty much anything. Make sure if you want to eat in the food court area you bring cash or check because they don't take cards! My only complaint is that the tables by the eating area is always really dirty. They should have some team members come by and clean them once in a while." XLqnjlLYt0_q_NG7l_BpMA "Every time I visit which is about once a week I can find everything I need and leave satisfied. I love how clean it is and the employees are very nice at the register. The photo people I would say are the least happy Sunday morning when the doors open- walk through the park (downside sample stands aren't set up yet. And rotisserie chickens aren't out yet)." Protip: Get the Costco AMEX card.  Free membership to Costco and it has a pretty good rewards program."  I wonder to myself... are the savings really worth it? And for now After yesterday I know where I'll be shopping for tires when it is time. Customer Service goes an amazing way. Thank you CostCo!" A Great place and everyone is very friendly!  then she went on again about it. We already hate it here and we just joined. Big mistake. Get prepared to be hounded to upgrade your membership and use their Amex even if you like yours. I told her ""this is becoming unpleasant and I really don't appreciate the big push."" And she went on still. You only get one chance to make a good first impression." I've had their pizza in the past & it was good."  but hate shopping at Costco you might find this location a lot more tolerable."  but mostly it's the same prices in larger quantities.  And the stuff that is more expensive (chicken breasts for example I'm almost positive are slightly more than Fry's) come in such a bulk quantity that it's worth it imho." If you like cheap gas thou...go here. worth every penny."  the woman asked me three times what day I want to pick up the cake.  Instead of putting me on hold she sets the phone down and all I can hear is pans or something being slammed around.  Then she transfers me to an office area where these forms are supposedly faxed into.  The woman tells me she has not received my order even though I have confirmation that it went through the first time.  The woman tells me the fax number I was given from this location originally "This store is awesome! Wish it had a car wash tho Costco saves me money on select items when i need them. However not being able to use my master card keeps me from shopping there more often. Its easy to get your membership coats back in savings too. "I love Costco just wish it wasn't always so busy.  Costco has the best return policy in the whole world and the employees are usually very friendly and helpful.  The eye care staff are awesome and the savings we got on glasses and contacts paid for our membership fee in one transaction.  I use the Costco Amex for all my purchases so Amex and Costco send me about $1k each year in cash just for paying my bills So instead of my prescription being ready as requested (and they had plenty of time to check their voicemail) Not great... But still Costco and they get three stars regardless because they do have all the usual amenities. :)"  and Costco is good for things like Half/half and eggs.  We go through a lot of half and half.  Gas?  you bet.  Always priced great. Anyway  it's a Costco and it's a great place to shop." "The selection here is fantastic. I always receive excellent customer service and it's nice when they have the fresh seafood out during the weekend. Plus the gas prices are some of the best in town. They are busy during the weekends  and c) because I didn't have a membership card.  I went in anyway and she was very upset.  Then the guy at the membership desk couldn't be bothered to acknowledge me while he did heaven knows what.  Finally he told me my online form I was told to fill out online  ever!! I go here just for the hot dogs! They may be cheap but don't let that fool you. I don't know what they put in them but they are like crack. I can't get enough!!"  then make sure you're money isn't missing. Open it up again and take the overflow. Nothing is more frustrating than watching people go through on other lines while we sit here and wait for your employees to do their thing." XLqnjlLYt0_q_NG7l_BpMA XLqnjlLYt0_q_NG7l_BpMA  love their fudge. They also have a nice variety of gift baskets and other items on their website." Their cinnamon almonds are to die for!! The fudge is awesome too! You can find these at your local Spouts and Costco but I was pleased to find out that these can be purchased as gifts on their website!" 