"This place has everything.  Even the old type double edge razors!  They also have the straight edge ones with disposable blades for $15 and $17.  I paid $79 for the same type of razor in San Francisco at one of those fancy stores that also sells tobacco.  The lady in the store was great too!  Very friendly and helpful. I have to say that she should be a model for shampoo.  I almost asked her for hair dye that would be her color!  Anyway  This place is like hair heaven on earth. Not only is there every sort of hair products but there is nail polish as well as nail instruments and accessories! Not only has this place been amazing but Renee is fabulous. She helped me out down to the color I was looking for and the perfect length and type of extensions for my hair. I truly feel blessed to have come across this place and to have met Renee. I will surely recommend her and this location to all friends and family!"  then style.  I saw a couple colors I liked in their packaging but she didn't want to even take them out so I could see them.  Instead. she showed me the style of the wig in an undesirable color.  I could not have been more annoyed.  If she needed help (although the store wasn't busy)  but the lack of compassion and service from the person helping me was just unacceptable.  There was no compassion and advise from the sales clerk.  I felt I was just an annoyance.  I ended up going to Arizona Wig Boutique in Scottsdale Renee is so nice she makes shopping for beauty products fun I always leave with everything I need to colar my hair and I also leave with a smile she is so funny she makes everyone in the store feel welcome  I give this store a 5 star because of the good times Ive had .  I love to listen and I learn  about all of the products    Renee know's everything about the products and it realy is entertaining to learn and listen to Renee with other customers even if im not buying that particular product she is just a fun kind person and I like to drop in and shop and say hi. The store is very nice really clean and organized with a great selection of product." I get all of my beauty products from this store. the manager is nice to me.  she is very knowledgeable and helpful. My friend and I were not only rushed most stores will go ahead and let you finish shopping and maybe say lock the door but we were rushed to be out of there right at 6 o'clock. We were in such a rush that when I got home I was wondering about the price that I paid looked at my receipt and I was charged twice for something then I call my friend and told her about it she looked at her receipt and was also charged twice. I don't know if this is a way to pocket the money or what was going on but it was funny that both of us were charged twice I really like shopping at this store.   the manager is so helpful.  The other day I was feeling blue and needed a make over.  She helped me pick out new makeup and helped me with hair color.  It was just what I needed. I  left feeling renewed and happy. I was looking for clip-in extensions to add a little length and fullness for my upcoming engagement photos. My hairstylist recommended I go here and I'm very happy I did! The manager color matched me with some great 100% remy human hair extensions that look identical to my hair color. I really appreciated her help as it's really difficult to try and match your own hair color when ordering online or just looking at packages of extensions in the store. She took the time to take a few different extensions out of their packages to hold up against my own hair to make sure we got the right color. They were also very reasonably priced too and can be worn time and time again and styled straight or curled. Very happy I went here instead of trying to pick something out myself that likely wouldn't have matched my hair color! "I went to United Beauty Supply to explore the option of using extensions for my extremely thin hair. Rene helped me choose the right product and spent a great deal of time teaching me how to customize and attach them. She was informative 