My rating for this company is...don't choose them My rating for this company is...don't choose them My rating for this company is...don't choose them   few days later they were asking for 1092 for 1 window that was tested for lead out of 28 Windows they only tested one! They charged me 39 a window but only tested one I can't believe they changed there tune payed in full! I would never recommend them they should be ashamed of themselves ! They even called an attorney and didn't even give me a field report to tell me that each window was tested they assumed that if one window had lead that all 27 had it to and charged us for it! Never again!" My rating for this company is...don't choose them My rating for this company is...don't choose them I highly recommend Speedy Glass I'm VERY satisfied with Speedy Glass and would definitely recommend it to anyone in need of their services!!!" "I picked these guys because they had a few good reviews on yelp and used that to sway my decision.  They did a great job getting back with me and scheduling someone to come out to get the measurements done on the house.  However Lifetime warranty on chips an cracks I have worked with speedy glass for years. They have replaced my windshield twice over the last couple years - one of the joys of living in a rural area - and are always professional and respectful. Never had any problems with the work done and love that they use manufacturer glass. Thank you speedy! Definitely recommended!"  i'm seriously not a picky consumer but this business is horrible" After building a custom home I know how painful it is to find a reputable contractor or subcontractor. I called around the valley for various quotes for a dual pane picture frame window. I wish this vendor was added to ""Rosie on the House"" preferred vendor list. Even though their quote was at the top tier sometimes you have to spend a little bit more money to get quality work. This is a company with a solid protocol has. The task was very difficult but they did not make any excuses and work through the problems. Long story short you do not have to look any further I am not a representative of the company nor am I benefiting from putting this feedback on yelp. Speedy glass help me rehab a ""Short Sale Home"" on that I'm currently living in and I have to say the job was superb. I hate giving reviews however I had to make this review for s""Speedy Glass""  had great follow up as well. I recommend Speedy to anyone looking for Auto Glass Repair or Replacement."  and saved the money and frustration.   It should be noted that this work was ordered and done when the business had slowed way down and it was not a matter of the company being crazy busy." "Met Brian the owner and had Britt (one of the employees there) help us with setting up for a project.  I spent a lot of time working with Britt on deciding on the options  do not expect good communication from Britt he told us when we called him for delivery date to just call him again on another day and he would tell us. Really? Customer Service is very poor."  he aplogized a week after my last email to him and sent a check for $100 to apologize for the inconvenience. Now that was a class act. Thanks Brian." "Spoke with Britt who was very nice and accommodating. We were trying to find replacement parts for our windows as one of the counterbalances is bent. He took our part   and no real concern by owners over customer service or satisfaction (he did call after my designer told him I was upset. Chalked it up to improper expectations. We traded messages and he chose not to return my call back).   So...if you want great windows and are ok with poor service  and it is beautiful. The installers did a fantastic job! The service we received from day one was professional and courteous. We initially had to put a temporary hold on our order given an unforeseen circumstance 