 they had my car done a day early. Everyone who works there is super nice and I literally have nothing but good things to say about them. They even offer lifetime warranties on their work. Just a great place! Highly recommend." I had both of my card spray painted and they worked with my insurance to fix both cars with no cost to me. It took a little longer than I would've liked but they did good work. I had the misfortune of running into a deer 3 weeks ago and had to have front end damage repaired. I was referred to Liotus & Winter by a co-worker that that had body and paint work done on multiple vehicles there. The work they did on my truck is great. It looks even better than before I hit the deer! The paint work blends perfectly and the fact that the truck was wrecked is not even noticeable. The truck also rides and drives perfectly. They were pleasant to deal with and kept me updated many times throughout the repair process. They were also able to take care of my rental car return for me so that I didn't have to get a ride from someone else when my truck was finished. I would absolutely recommend this shop to anyone. They were very helpful and very appreciative that I chose them to repair my car. "Just to clarify. My original review is for Liotus and Winter. Not Gerber.  I have nothing positive or negative to say about Gerber as i have not used their services since the name has been changed.  If I do I highly recommend Speedy Glass I'm VERY satisfied with Speedy Glass and would definitely recommend it to anyone in need of their services!!!" "I picked these guys because they had a few good reviews on yelp and used that to sway my decision.  They did a great job getting back with me and scheduling someone to come out to get the measurements done on the house.  However Lifetime warranty on chips an cracks I have worked with speedy glass for years. They have replaced my windshield twice over the last couple years - one of the joys of living in a rural area - and are always professional and respectful. Never had any problems with the work done and love that they use manufacturer glass. Thank you speedy! Definitely recommended!"  i'm seriously not a picky consumer but this business is horrible" After building a custom home I know how painful it is to find a reputable contractor or subcontractor. I called around the valley for various quotes for a dual pane picture frame window. I wish this vendor was added to ""Rosie on the House"" preferred vendor list. Even though their quote was at the top tier sometimes you have to spend a little bit more money to get quality work. This is a company with a solid protocol has. The task was very difficult but they did not make any excuses and work through the problems. Long story short you do not have to look any further I am not a representative of the company nor am I benefiting from putting this feedback on yelp. Speedy glass help me rehab a ""Short Sale Home"" on that I'm currently living in and I have to say the job was superb. I hate giving reviews however I had to make this review for s""Speedy Glass""  had great follow up as well. I recommend Speedy to anyone looking for Auto Glass Repair or Replacement." 