Ask for Tim for your waiter!"  so be prepared to just try one and come back again to try the other stuff!  The smoked salmon appetizer was good although with too much mayonnaise sauce and for me  which is really good when many of their wines are priced at over $10 per glass.  The hostess was very nice and professional even though she was young taking our names as we went to the bar for a drink and then anticipating our return with two menus in hand.  The server was a nice enough guy and helpful when it came time for our dinner selection.  We ordered a bottle of conundrum which is a delicious choice and I guess in line with what others charge.  We were started with an olive tepenade (sp?) and some crusty toasted thinly sliced ciabatta I think.  The tepenade was too oily and salty for me "As the reviews of Casbah appear to be particularly long-winded ... the place is nice "The food here is pretty good.  Comparable to any 3 to 3.5 star restaurant.  The lamb is definitely good.  And it is definitely a good date restaurant.  I would rather give it 3.5 stars since I've definitely eaten at better restaurants. But for Pittsburgh  now I'll know to make time the next time I go. Which is for dinner for a friends birthday. So excited!!" Service was great and the waiter even went out of his way to answer a couple questions about the cheese selection."  I expected more but it was good nonetheless."  but the food made my rating drop from five stars (probably a little generous) to three stars. Definitely go for brunch! But it's not worth the money for dinner. Mediocre food in a nice atmosphere with good service is still mediocre food..." Not sure why I'm not giving this place five stars.  I really enjoyed it  for that you'll want to go down the road to Soba.  If you want a nice place to have a drink and a conversation Decor is subtle and great for a date. Service was friendly and accommodating.  I will most definitely return!" "Great great for parties and celebrations of all kinds.  The wait staff is extremely knowledgeable of the menu and the wine list.  The Food is creative and many of the items are organic or locally grown.  Everything is so fresh and pretty  the wine list was good and the prices were reasonable relative to the food.  Get the cheese course for dessert and you'll go home happy."  it is suitable for children.  Casbah has a semi outdoor seating area that is enclosed and heated even in winter.  My wife and I have often dined here with our kids.  This semi outdoor area is a bit more casual and absorbs the sounds of loud children fairly well.  You can bring kids without suffering the disdain of any but the most obnoxious of fellow diners." Now I just need to make plans to go back for dinner."  I had the best pork chop I've ever had here and for that I was endlessly thankful. Good salad  which seems a bit steep.  But it was a nice restaurant and a really nice atmosphere.  The patio was lovely.  I will definitely be back So pay no mind to others' taxonomy quip and give this place a whirl. It's a great date or small group place. Oh  and biscuit with honey butter from the bread basket.  Service was pretty good even though the restaurant was fairly busy.  Reservations available through Open Table.  This is definitely a special occasion brunch  Casbah is still going strong 15 years later. Today's lunch was a wonderful mac and cheese with braised lamb; my dining companion enjoyed the corn risotto with shitake mushrooms and a side heirloom tomato salad. They use the best fresh local ingredients to craft some of the most delectable  AND they take reservations.  Sometimes I don't mind waiting the half hour it takes to get seats at some restaurants (Point Brugge  and a voucher will come in the mail! It was a blissful discovery for a pair of graduate students."  but nothing about my meal was spectacular either.   It looks like maybe I should have tried brunch.  We shall see if I'm willing to give Casbah another chance...." If this was some little bistro where I was paying $20-25 for dinner (no drinks) I wouldn't be so picky but some of my meals have been north of $40 and for that amount of money I expect a little more attention to detail."  without being intrusive. I asked his opinion on the French Malbec and he gave me his honest opinion  I highlight this because this was their charity dinner.  That they made NO money off of.  An area where they could skim on quality - but no - it was amazing.  Reaffirmed my belief that this is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh." Service was a little hit or miss the evening I was there.  Part of that may be because we were a large group and the restaurant was rather busy.  However  we got a Three Sisters Farms mesclun greens and smoked salmon and truffled potato cake.  Very good.  For entrees we selected a jumbo lump crab & tomato omelet and the NY strip steak.  Very relaxing and tasty meal." **Update: I recently saw a full size bottle of the Gruet on a restaurant menu for $30; Casbah  and it was a great experience.  Charming outside dining area with excellent service and a knowledgeable staff.  I will say that the food was a bit overpriced  and I think we preferred our experience at Soba to Casbah. While our food was really good It was a great brunch and i was stuffed by the end. This place was courteous and the waitress was attentive but not overbearing. We had a great time here and it's just a nice place to relax." Settling the bill via credit card no tip was left because no tip was deserved - in reality Amanda may have actually be the worst server I've encountered at a fine dining establishment in the last 2 years.  I will note that when I wrote to Big Burrito was met by a (seemingly) sincere apology without excuses - the Manager stated things don't' normally happen like that and he'd be sure the issue was addressed.  He closed with ""I hope you will join us again."" I will not."  but worth it for a special occasion."  I recommend sitting out on the patio in summer.  The only negative things I can say about Casbah is the high price for relatively little food and the misleading name (I expected more of a Middle Eastern menu and vibe)." Casbah is great for a special occasion or if you feel like splurging. The atmosphere is very nice and the food is fantastic. The beer selection is above average.  entrees and dessert).  I'll definitely keep Casbah in mind for special occasions in the future.  It's classy without being pretentious or stuffy."  and the more professional service I had on my first visit here is closer to the norm.  I'd feel leery  but Casbah is great for a more formal gathering or date night."  nice atmosphere. I'll definitely be back. NYC prices"  but the atmosphere and kind service made up for the lackluster cheese.  The bacon and potato fingerlings were absolutely amazing!  I will definitely be returning for brunch!"  and great service that is there when you need them  but the great service from our waitress really pushed this to a 4 star rating.  I had hoped to be a little more wowed by the food.  But this experience was definitely positive enough to warrant a second visit for dinner.  I think it'd be a nice place to go for a special occasion  but worth it if you want something better than a typical chain."  worthy of 4 stars. It gradually went down to 3 stars. The wine selection is good. But the food is definitely hit or miss. Once I had a halibut that smelled like the ocean. It was not well cooked or fresh  one of my favorite restaurants outside downtown Pitt.  The best places around Pitt are the bars or bar restaurants (some of the best in the country IMO).  But if you're looking for a straight-up classy place to eat  I'm glad that we gave Casbah another try. I wish that they would go back to offering all of their pastas in both entree and appetizer sizes  she was in a hurry to get us out the door. I am completely dissatisfied with the service and will not go back to this restaurant simply because of it."  so we asked for a table inside...20 minutes later we were inside which had a much better vibe. I started with the Blue Bay Mussels which were truly the best I have ever had  but I'm not sure I would make it a regular brunch or dinner spot."  pleasant and a good place for conversation."  we were seated in the dungeon-like basement dining room. I asked for tables upstairs in the daylight but there was allegedly no way to accommodate my request. Worst part about the basement is the thumping from the sub-woofer located above -- really ridiculous. Service was fine. Timing of drinks and first brunch course were acceptable given it was a busy day  I just wasn't very impressed with the food.  If I was offered to eat this food for free  a bunch of ""Sallies"" and one ""Harry"" if you know what I mean."  but don't expect to have the meal of your lifetime."  and the polenta was delicious albeit there wasn't much of it there.  We each then had the heirloom tomato salad which was tasteless.  I grow heirlooms and know the intense and wonderful flavor they should have. These tasted like a grocery store tomato bought in December.  Very disappointing.  I opted for the cavatelli entree which was not prepared as described on the menu.  It was swimming in tomato sauce and overall was very bland.  Another disappointment.  My husband had the pork chop which wasn't bad but certainly didn't leave us wanting to return here for the food.  All this said  the place was empty except for a woman who had just gotten there too which was nice because a friend had warned me that the place gets crazy. We sat outside and atmosphere was cozy under the tent with the warm colors of the decor. Our waitress was incredibly friendly and presented us with the menus. I think it is great they have a prix fixe brunch - 1 alchy or nonalchy drink  the drinks are wonderful (I am a sucker for good Sangria - and Casbah's is wonderufl) and the service is outstanding (our servers are always friendly  and my experience definitely lived up to the hype.  I don't know how a place owned by a company called Big Burrito Group churns out such outstanding Mediterranean fare  see if maybe I'll have a little better luck.  So kick it up a notch Casbah "Out of towners that happened to stumble upon this gem. Thanks I'd like to go back here for a happy hour when it's warm so I can enjoy the covered patio though and a nice glass of wine!"  large chunks of crab.  No overkill on the sauce.  The soup was likewise good.  I don't understand how the two restaurants could possibly be related given the night and day of my food experience!  The wine I would recommend this if you enjoy European food in general." "You know what's good? Tomato-basil soup with cream in it.  And even better? Finding a way to eat on the patio in January. Where the dining room at Casbah is intimate and warm  great wine. Very yummy." This place was recommended by an employee at Evolve spa across the street and I was very happy with the restaurant. The Salmon appetizer was delicious as was the gnocchi meal. I will definitely go back to this restaurant when I visit the area. Food phenomenal! Service can be hit or miss. Would not recommend to anyone. Enough other good restaurants in Pittsburgh to go to. They have to have paid their way into magazines rating them highly!" "Ate lunch at Casbah for the first time. Tried the Piccolo Gusto: $15 gets you a small choice of salad nice salads - not a fan of the cuisine - nothing against casbah" Service was attentive and the setting nice."  but their food quality doesn't match the price tag." The rest of the entrees were good and I would go back.  But probably with lowered expectations." Will I go back? Someday - but I think I may try Soba or Kaya first." I'd definitely return for the food and service." and service keep me coming back.the chef at casbah always comes thru with any special requests i always have no matter how busy the kitchen is. it makes the dining a great one.thank you chef.the bartenders  and where do they come from? Want to blow that kind of money? Get out your check book and let me give you my address!"  a very pleasant experience.  Good atmosphere.  Our waitress was very friendly.  The place was busy and had a nice vibe to it.  Unfortunately "Hard to remember another restaurant that hit home runs from start to finish.  Yinzes say it's pricey but I disagree Try the Short Rib Ravioli" "Service is a little slow but overall the best food I've had in Pittsburgh so far. If you're a seafood fan  hopefully to try the different brunch and dinner menus!" If you are looking for a place to enjoy good wine  we got to use two $10 off coupons and I would highly recommend it to anyone. However  I got the granola and berries and my friend got the creamy polenta. Both were great options! The granola did not taste like anything you get in a box- could definitely tell it was made in-house. The creamy polenta was so different and delicious- will get that next time I go back. Was pretty full by this point but that didn't stop me from completing my  main course! I got the Casbah Benedict with Smoked Salmon and my friend has the Tuscan Eggs. We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals and were stuffed by the end!"  though it definitely could have used some better quality olives (these were bottled with the red pepper on the inside used on salads).  I will definitely be back to try the food  usually when I go somewhere else I wind up regretting that I didn't just go to Casbah. Every dish I've had has been excellent; some favorites are the sheep's milk gnudi  Chocolate Cheesecake and Dark Chocolate Raspberry Bread Pudding. I decided to try the Pumpkin Bread with Butter Rum Sauce and Cream Cheese Ice Cream.  The cake was light and tasty and the ice cream and sauce were excellent."  and a bit far from the bar for a shorty like me; my feet don't reach the foot bar on the chair either  but it's clear to see that they have a loyal following."  I debated giving the restaurant five stars... but decided to wait until I returned a second time. And I can't wait to return!"  but don't order an additional mimosa from the deal - they are $8 a piece which is a bit steep." "It's a little pricier than most places in the area but the quality and ambiance is well worth it.    The food was really good and the drinks were relatively reasonably priced for the surroundings  polite to the point of almost sappy attitude on the part of the waiters) and it can be a little bit annoying even. However The potatoes were perfectly cooked and the fruit was tasty as well.  Had the bellini and didn't realize how I much I would enjoy it so I had two!" Great food  had a assortment. Of things and all prepared  excellent. The service  very helpful on telling you the menu.   Will go back again I can't believe all the high reviews.  Either you work for Big Burrito or it's amateur hour.  The food tasted terrible.  It was bland and over-salted and reminded me of the Olive Garden.  If you like Casbah more power to you but for me never again.  and the mixed olives. The babagonoush hummus was delicious I had a winter fizz drink which was prosecco  with cranberry and mint nice flavor and perfect before dinner drink I had the cioppiano which was one of the best meals I have had in a long time. The sour dough bread was soooooo good. Most everyone else ordered pasta dishes and thought them very good. We opted not to have dessert there but they did bring salted Carmels to the table with the check so if they were any prediction of the desserts they are EXCELLENT. Great place to dine - I will return. And the complimentary valet parking was nice as well - didn't have to search for a place to park and the valet were super nice. I should mention our waitress was also super nice and very accomodating to our larger party."  everyone there dresses up pretty formally. I am not talking about suits and ties  there are certainly much better restaurants in the city. I would rank Casbah below Eleven within the Big Burrito group of restaurants."  I called ahead and was assured that they had vegan versions of a couple of pasta dishes.  Server was very cooperative and said she would instruct the kitchen to omit the meat and  increase the veggies on their cavatelli.   Well  get a coupon or a Groupon; I went with someone who was using a birthday gift card Will definitely be back." It is worth reserving a spot on the patio to get the full experience." Sunday brunched here. Food and service were excellent.  but it's always full of great options and the quality and preparation of the food is always top notch. The service doesn't disappoint either. I'm always amazed that they can nail it (food and service) every single time without fail. The bar area is a great place for drinks or dinner as well. Fiona behind the bar is always welcoming and fun and is perhaps one of the best bartenders in the city. It's also one of only a handful of good restaurants in the city that is open on Sundays. Now if only they would replace the swivel bar stools that are bolted to the ground and make it challenging for some (especially smaller women) to dine while sitting at the bar or for couples to sit as close to one another as they'd prefer."  so I'll give them a pass assuming it was just bad timing and an issue where the server was too embarrassed to do anything." A delicious menu with a twist. Unique wine list too!  the restaurant itself was nice and the food interesting though a little on the pricey side. Service started out great but for some reason our entrees took forever and our waiter more or less abandoned us. If I'm spending a $150 on dinner for 2 I expect some sort of explanation on why we are having to wait 45 minutes plus between our appetizer and the entrees. At a minimum  so it worked out fine. When we went for brunch it was quite crowded and we had to wait a while before getting seats at the bar. The food is really fantastic though and there are good vegetarian options. It's pricey Very enjoyable menu n staff. The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again in the future.  Both my cocktail and my meal were really good and I would actually consider this to be one of the best meals that I have eaten in a little while." Love Casbah.  Been going there for years and have never had a less than great meal and service.  OF course their signature lamb is to die for (with the Stag's Leap Petite Syrah).  What can I say -- the cheese plate is great.  Everything is well-prepared and the service is among the best in the -burgh. Very good food and another great place for happy hour. Highly recommended. You won't be disappointed.  it is probably the best in Pittsburgh.  The Arugula Salad is delicious.  So is the Alaskan Halibut.  You really can't go wrong with Casbah." Would definitley go back for a meal." I really feel like has bought is highly underrated and you'd best get your arse over here to dying. They have a brunch which I hear is amazing and I can't wait to try it out." "I am so happy they got rid of those awful bar stools!!!   We often choose not to walk in to Casbah without a reservation because the bar area was historically uncomfortable.  They have traded out the old stools that were screwed in to the floor  this is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. I plan on trying it for brunch or lunch sometime soon." We were disappointed to learn that they took the macaroons off the menu. They were my husband's favorite dessert. We didn't try any of the desserts this time because we were stuffed but I'm sure they're excellent!"  as was the tomato basil soup. The waiter was attentive and happily allowed for a substitution on my salad so I could try one of the raw milk cheeses from their cheese sampler. The grilled chicken breast on my salad was a bit more dry and hard than I like All in all it was a delicious meal and a really nice environment.  And worth the money."  try the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding for dessert. You won't be disappointed!" Thanks for making me feel at home." "My absolutely favorite dish is the potato gnocchi. Just amazing! Service is fantastic I couldn't have asked for a better birthday dinner!" Great atmosphere and food experience.  What else can you ask for?  Went here 2 weeks ago for the first time and totally enjoyed it.  Pretty good wine list too!  but I'd still consider it once of the best values in the city  because you get so much for your money.  I'd trust Casbah to celebrate any special event with a flawless dining experience." 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A  so be prepared to need a wheel barrel to get yourself out the door!"  salty and overrated!!! Why this place is so popular I will never understand."  food perfect for all four of us and again service was excellent."  my delicious birthday dinner ended with the Dark Chocolate-Raspberry Bread Pudding. I love ordering bread pudding at restaurants 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A  get a Manhattan.  Your QOL will improve greatly!"  an appetizer  and then your meal. The coffee was really good and the mimosas were strong. We sat outside on the patio and it was just beautiful. A perfect retreat from the snowy outside that morning. Definitely go!" "Thursday night January 30. Excellent service and excellent meal. Very crowded when we went. Glad we had reservations on open table. My wife had scallops  I feel that this is one of the most overpriced restaurants in the entire city. The food is average to good P.S. Bring your coat into the restroom. It was about 10 below in there. Brrr!" We felt the prices were a bargain for all we got. $56"  but I would have dinner just to try those little candies they offer at the end of meal at dinnertime again - they are a cross between maple sugar and caramel  which was very good. For entrees she ordered the Halibut and I had the Red Pepper Casereccia. This was seared sea scollops with a red pepper pasta. This entree made my list of favorite dish ever eaten. It was so delicious. I cannot wait to have it again!" Valet parking is complimentary; please tip your driver!"  even by London or New York standards ?!?!?!  The Nietto malbec in the $40 range was voluptuous.  But doe many of the wines are i the $70-$150 range!" "Just got back (after looking for a taxi in this 3rd world city - but that's for another review) We liked the atmo.  Liked eating ""under the outdoor extension"" under the well working heaters- it is fun and really makes it feel like a more unique dining experience.  OK now on to the food. We started with a Spanish grilled octopus - it was delicious - charred grilled taste Casbah has definitely become a restaurant that I can come to for special events. Their food and service impressed me again tonight even more than they did last time; add in the fact that they use local ingredients whenever possible and always have something new to try with the changing seasons  although the service was awful when I went.  Highly recommend the veal and pork meatball appetizer  I would recommend Casbah to everyone noting their brunch was fabulous! The valet (even though the need for valet is questionable) and wait staff were super nice Had dinner tonight at the bar.  My sister and I wore sweatpants and flip flops... Nobody treated us differently .. The brought out bread with butter and a second butter made from goat milk.. I liked it .. My sister said it reminded her of cream cheese.. We shared the calamari ... It was good... I had the halibut... It was good accompanied with a salad.. My sister had the duck.. I didn't like the duck that much but I am not a big fan of duck to begin with .. We each had wine ... I had the falanghina .. It was perfect.. We shared a bread pudding for dessert.. It was the first time I ever had bread pudding... It like it .. It is a nice quiet restaurant with ample seating both inside and outside...  I ordered the Braised Lamb & Eggs as my main based on friends' recommendations. It's honestly to die for. Rich and flavorful in the best way The patio is lovely!  We had a wonderful time!" The dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding is worth unbuttoning your pants for...and if you like dessert wines I would go back to Casbah at the drop of a hat but I was not completely floored or blown away by any dish."  finishing with the Chocolate S'More Cake. Great experience especially the service. Robert was spot on! I'll be dreaming about this in the future."  he is great! Ashley the bartender is also very nice! The food was amazing. I had the Duck it melted in my mouth. The short rib raviolis are also amazing. The muscle appetizer is a nice size for the price. You get about a pound of muscles for 12$. I will definitely be back. They make you feel special and welcomed." Waiter said he lived in many parts of the country and this was the best duck he's ever had and he was right. Only downfall is I didn't save room for s'mores dessert!" This place isn't in my price range but on special occasions the food is actually worth the extra money. I didn't know food could taste so good. :-)  I enjoyed the overall experience there in terms of service "Delicious Sunday brunch at $28 includes a cocktail  the food at Casbah is exceptional. They change their menu based on what is in season. Here's a tip: if you sign up for the Big Burrito emails (the parent company of Casbah at https:  secure.bigburrito.com Register.aspx) I do love Casbah alot.  It is probably my second favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh."  but it was also different and therefore interesting and enjoyable."  I even licked clean the small homemade butter that they serve with the bread. Definitely will try out this place again!" And the complementary salted caramels presented with the check were also amazing! I definitely need to come back again to try more of the menu... I think only wonderful items could possibly come out of that kitchen!" This place is pretty expensive and based on the food I wouldn't go back for that price."  of course I said let's get a bottle of red. We explained to our server what white varietals I enjoy and she suggested a bottle (which has also slipped my mind being months ago that we were there)that was perfect-both of us enjoyed it. We started off with the papardelle. The rabbit was delicious and it was perfectly seasoned  their wine menu is ridiculously overpriced...call up to find out their current corking fee (I think around $15 bucks) and bring a better bottle at a better price than you are willing to spend there." "We had a reservation for Saturday night dinner and arrived timely.  THREE times over 20 minutes the hostess told us they were setting our table.  There were 3 or 4 empty tables we could see as we waited  and the lemon sponge cake. Each bite was perfect -- flavorful and expertly cooked. The waiter was friendly and knowledgable. We left feeling full and happy."  but that is just a start. The short rib ravioli is to die for. It is really hard to narrow it down .... Treat yourself to a sumptuous lunch in a beautiful restaurant with great service.  PS: you must have bread!" Please please please bring it back!!"  and it has just been too inconsistent for my taste. No thanks Casbah!" A nice surprise here are the great happy hour specials at the bar.  Try the Boyd & Blair cocktail and the sangria." "Let me say that my five stars are based primarily on the calamari appetizer ... it is SOOO good! The squid was very lightly battered and fried so briefly that it was tender and delicious. Seriously  and the service was what I've come to expect at a higher-end restaurant.  I'd particularly recommend getting on the Big Burrito mailing list to receive a $30 birthday voucher and $10 off coupons for the holidays  and the meal was so salty that we could barely begin to eat it.  That meal was comped and I figured it was an off day.  We went back about a month later for dinner 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A  I love Casbah. I'm a student so it's a little expensive for me. But I go every chance I get. Look out for Big Burrito coupons!"  but the main courses left a lot to be desired in terms of seasoning.  The texture of the short rib in the ravioli wasn't quite right "Great place for so many occasions. My husband took me on our first date here for a very intimate night out (I definitely was impressed).  He took me back for a surprise birthday party in their downstairs area. The food is always out of this world. I have said to my self on multiple occasions (while reading the menu) ""i'm not sure what some of these ingredients are but Casbah never disappoints"" and they never have!! I can't wait to live in Pittsburgh again We had a couple of great beers and just enjoyed the excellent music soundtrack before we moved on to our next designation. I hope to come back here sometime in the future and actually have...a meal. I like this funkier part of town." "I don't know of any place that comes to close to the quality of Mediterranean food offered at Casbah.  They have a daily menu that combines unique ingredients into a great blend.  My favorites on their menu are their spinach casareccia (which I customize with tuna steak instead of chicken) and their gnocchi (in that order).  They are open to customizing their menu so if you want half and half of each dish  but on this particularly occasion I had the arugula salad to begin with which was delicious and my friend had the butternut squash soup which she really enjoyed.  We both ordered the the Scottish Salmon which was so delicious and tender that it literally melted in my mouth.  The house-made pastas are always a great option if as is the duck or the lamb which I've had both on a few occasions.  Their wine list is always spectacular - on this visit I had a glass of the Riesling from Urban  my husband and I were seated at a horrible table right next to the hallway that leads to the kitchen and bathrooms. There was a constant stream of distractions. Service was also really slow and my sea bass was bland. I expected better from Casbah..."  but I felt the stand out option was the port wine flight for desert."  even with the lure of 2 for 1 entrees around our birthdays - the food just isn't that good even discounting the service. I'm sure they will continue to do well with a certain crowd  though I think the pork chops are the best. My pasta was very good - great savory and flavorful sauce. Portions were large too. If you're in town and need a solid place to go 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A "This is my absolute favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh; I've never been disappointed after dining at Casbah! We received a gift card and enjoyed a fabulous dinner starting with the mussels appetizer in a tomato based sauce.  Yum!  And then I had lamb loin with sweet potatoes and brussel spouts and cherry sauce.  What a beautiful presentation and taste.  My husband had the pasta with scallops and crabmeat.  He was equally pleased with his dish. We really liked the wine selection too!  We had cappuccino for our dessert  even though it's quite large inside. The wait staff is helpful without being in the way; one of my least favorite things is having a waiter or waitress ask me within seconds of getting my food how everything is (give me a few minutes to actually eat it  because they sear it to perfection. The chef actually made up their own side for my dish because I was allergic to the one on the menu. I received delicious crispy potatoes and sauteed arugula. Fantastic touch! They have a great wine list Once they work on their service Casbah could easily be 5 stars. Maybe next time!"  not chewy or gummy. They were accompanied with sweet potatoes and onions and usually sausage- I asked the waiter for no sausage as I'm not a meat eater. All in all a great experience and we will definitely be back!" Side note - the takeout packaging is awesome. High quality microwaveable reusable plasticware!"  which are two of the most important things to me when evaluating a nice restaurant in Pittsburgh. The food is fine I'm so disappointed. I hope I can go back there again. I would hate to lose this place!"  my only complaint was that they didn't take temps on the pork. We would've loved it medium but they cook it med well or so  it was fine.  The food was actually better than I make it sound; it just didn't hit the expectations everyone had set for me.  The hungry girl me will always require more than one slice of sugar bread.  Curiosity of dinner with reservations might bring me back if I don't want to make the trek elsewhere with February arctic conditions again  really satisfied with the brunch we had. The outdoor seating was beautiful  but I'm not drooling as I think back to the meal. I'm not sure I'll go back because there are other places to try and the price point makes it somewhere I wouldn't just go to on a normal day." "My introduction as a youth (dating back AWAYS) to gourmet and class.  15 years later Now I'm excited to try other meals here again!"  the dish would be disappointing. Then came out desserts: the vanilla bean creme brle and the chocolate de creme. Omg I can't even find a word to describe how good they are! The creme brle is so much better than the one I had in Joseph Temberllini. I am totally blown away by the rich taste of vanilla and eggs. The chocolate de creme is perfect  but really it was disappointing. After that unsettling duck main dish I'm new to the area and have found parking a challenge  and meat dishes and not a single one has ever disappointed.  The aspect of Casbah that I feel sets it apart from even the other Big Burrito restaurants is its quality of service.  They are extremely polite  braised short rib ravioli and pappardelle - all fantastic. Would come back again if in the area!" Everything was great! The only problem I had was that there was just not enough food. Quick business trip to Pittsburgh. Thanks to you Yelp I found Casbah. Duck entree was to die for. Service is top quality. Highly recommended! Thanks Yelp! Thanks Casbah!  but you can still order from a small menu at the bar. They were very friendly and accommodating. We tried the scallops and flatbread with hummus baba ghanoush red pepper muhummara The service was also extremely slow. 20 minutes to get our bread and 50 to get our appetizers." Pasta fest should be called deception fest. We got an email inviting us to come to pasta fest thinking it would be regular portions at a discounted price. WRONG it was smaller portions at a higher price. I never felt so ripped off. $15 for one meatball and three bites of pasta. The server warned us about the small portion but wow . You got me this time but never again.  the food was perfect... now I see what the fuss is all about. This might be one of my new ""special occasion"" spots-  and we are planning to come back next month for my boyfriend's birthday (I need that pork chop in my life again We ended our meal with the milk cake which was moist and sweet and lovely with the last few sips of wine. The thing about Casbah? I always leave wanting more  we had our first anniversary dinner at Casbah not to mention numerous brunches and dinners over the last 5 or so years. We are big fans of all the Big Burrito restaurants  as well as the English Pea Risotto (vegetarian for my daughter) and the famous Cioppino. I was also recommended a flight of Rose wine when I couldn't decide between them. They were all delicious! As a dessert we shared the strawberry rhubarb croustade which melted in your mouth! As a nice touch the kitchen had written Happy Birthday on the plate since it was my daughter's 17'th birthday! We will definitely go back when in the area  I was able to sneak a small bite for it was entirely consumed and it was quite tasty! The sausage had a bit of spice to it that was very flavorful. I absolutely loved the orecchiette! The savoriness of the goat cheese compounded with the sweet tartness of the cranberries was heaven in my mouth! The chicken itself was quite flavorful and the pasta was cooked perfectly "This place's reputation as a high-end restaurant is entirely undeserved. Every single entre my party ordered was oversalted and bland. And for the price I was expecting much Casbah is a must try (and ask to eat on the patio)!" "4.5 stars. My husband and I went here a few days ago. We liked the outdoor area that was ""open tent"" - when we come back we would like to sit out there (weather permitting  but it would be nice if the vegetarian options experienced as much rotation creativity as the meat ones. I love the mafaldine Service was perfect. Would love to go back." The only odd thing was that the servers really seemed to be fighting for tables.  Everyone was trying to get our drink and food orders  food was also wonderful. Had the ricotta cavetelli and it was great. Meatballs and cheeses were great. Was a very good time and would definitely go back. Cocktails were unique and tasty."  curious to see how they do in the rubber match."  romantic or celebratory depending on the occasion." Nice outdoor patio dining area.  Short rib ravioli was great.  The halibut was also very good.  so I'm no stranger to how they should be prepared and how they should taste.  We each only had a few bites and when we told the waiter how bad it was I've eaten at a great many of this city's best restaurants and this was one of the best experiences I've had here." Casbah is my absolute favorite restaurant!! I love the sort rib ravioli. The beet salad is terrific and the rasberry bread pudding is to die for! The valet service is a nice touch so you don't have to worry about parking!! One of the times I am going to make it to the brunch!! The dress attire for this place is sort of dressy which is great.  There is valet parking which is a huge plus because it's located in a very busy area right on a main street. I would love to come back again with just my wife and try other things on the menu. We will try to go back." I live in New York City and I extremely regret venturing to this awful city. This is the worst fucking experience I've ever had at a wine room. I am standing waiting for our table 15 minutes past our time. Tasty farm food and well cooked. Nice and warm garden especially in the winter. Long Island duck is excellent! "I have been wanting to try this place for so long as a huge Big Burrito fan.  We finally made it for Sunday brunch and happy to report it lived  up to my expectations.  We sat in the outside area (covered but with heating lamps) and had a great waiter.  They have a price fix brunch with includes a drink The service is also great and the decor is pretty. The patio is always warm on the winter and it feels more spacious than it does inside. Casbah is one of the restaurants on my ""definitely check it out"" list."  I would die for just one more bite. It was like little pillows of goodness in this rich sauce with shagbark hickory nuts and hen of the woods mushrooms. The strong flavor of the hickory nuts and the woods mushrooms compliments the softness of the gnocchi perfectly! Oh I've been here at least three times now for brunch and once for happy hour.  I need to get back for happy hour because they have some nice specials  it was delicious. I plan to go back for lunch The atmosphere and space is great - open and large. I had dressed up a bit  which creates a cold draft coming from the outside walls windows. You need to have someone duct your intake air to the outside to prevent this  and the environment. I would say it is missing a bit of the down home authenticity that most stellar restaurants in Pittsburgh seem to have. The dishes are inventive and delightful. The patio is perfect on a warm day. For all of these reasons I will continue to show here for an early dinner on occasion." I have been here two time on my birthday. I have not a single bad word to say about this restaurant. Everything is delicious and everything leaving the kitchen is made with care. The staff is friendly and the space is inviting. Its an excellent place to grab a bit to eat with friends or family. I went with a number of relatives a couple of times while visiting and I really enjoyed the food plus a great atmosphere. Would recommend this to any one wanting a special occasion place to go."  solid food... Will be back for sure. Appreciated that they have fundraising dinners too."  but could have been amazing." I am excited to come back in the future!" The desserts were delicious as well. I tasted the Chocolate pot de Creme I like lunching at Casbah. The cheese tasting and tomato basil bisque are so good. If I could have them every day I'd be thrilled.  but the food was always good.  So we tried it for catering for lunch for a meeting for 12 people.  The quality is more uneven than the restaurant dinning experience.  The crab cake sandwich was excellent My fianc and I had dinner at 7 PM last Saturday evening and were impressed with the food but highly unlikely to come back as returning customers because of the service.  First of all when the waiter (Adam) brought our first drinks and insisted we order appetizers I told him that we were going to relax for a little while and I would flag him down when we wanted to order anything else.  He persisted to come back every other 2 minutes for about another 9-10 times until we finally ordered appetizers and within 3 minutes of us ordering our appetizer he wanted us to order dinner and I politely said we want to enjoy our appetizer until he bugged us enough about dinner that we just ordered so we could get rid of him.  I paid $140 including the tip on Saturday and between barely being able to see because we were sat on the patio directly into the sun and being rushed the experience was miserable despite how good the food tasted.. it was not enjoyable. We recently moved to Pittsburgh this month and we looked forward all week to dining with you until a waiter ruined our experience.  We are trying a new restaurant this weekend where I will hopefully not pay $140 to be rushed by a waiter who is not paying for the meal... I am.  the indoor patio we'll call it. Others were out there too on iron tables and chairs. Perhaps the nicer area is for larger parties or events? Needless to say we were right next to the entrance so our date night was constantly offset by guests entering and exiting. Food was great and service was up to far but the main entrance was confusing and I could see this echoed by other guests as they entered." My fianc and I had dinner at 7 PM last Saturday evening and were impressed with the food but highly unlikely to come back as returning customers because of the service.  First of all when the waiter (Adam) brought our first drinks and insisted we order appetizers I told him that we were going to relax for a little while and I would flag him down when we wanted to order anything else.  He persisted to come back every other 2 minutes for about another 9-10 times until we finally ordered appetizers and within 3 minutes of us ordering our appetizer he wanted us to order dinner and I politely said we want to enjoy our appetizer until he bugged us enough about dinner that we just ordered so we could get rid of him.  I paid $140 including the tip on Saturday and between barely being able to see because we were sat on the patio directly into the sun and being rushed the experience was miserable despite how good the food tasted.. it was not enjoyable. We recently moved to Pittsburgh this month and we looked forward all week to dining with you until a waiter ruined our experience.  We are trying a new restaurant this weekend where I will hopefully not pay $140 to be rushed by a waiter who is not paying for the meal... I am.  and also serve drinks at the tables. The food is great (I love their salad)  so I admit I like the Olive Garden.  But my husband better not take me here on date night!" "I hate Olive Garden. It makes me laugh when they ask ""how is everything?""  I wonder what goes through their minds when I say ""The microwave did an awesome job"". I'm in town for a few days The service was great while we were here. The food was average. And the parking was bad.  but I do like eating at the Olive Garden in Greentree.  The food is pretty good here and the service is always excellent.  Although not my first choice I ordered food that I believed was gluten free.  Within twenty minutes I started to have symptoms and was sick for two days.  I believe that my food may have been gluten free but that cross contamination caused my problem.  I had the same experience at another Pittsburgh Olive Garden restaurant and so am concluding that they may not be careful with cross contamination.  and everything they have is sooo good." I've never once had a bad meal there.  I've never once had less than top-shelf service there.  I find Olive Garden restaurants have consistently higher quality not only compared to the other franchise stores in it's price range  salad and breadstick for lunch special!" The food was good and the service was even better.  We got there around 9 pm and I was surprised how good the service really was. "For a chain restaurant this place is as good as it gets. The food is always good and even if they slip up on service they have always made it up to us by buying part of our meal or giving us coupons for another visit. Everyone makes mistakes Worst experience at a restaurant... EVER!" Place is clean and kempt. It is one of my favorite places to eat when I get the opportunity."  it will be cheaper and it won't go to a big conglomerate who over charges on a plate of pasta Ten minute wait and easily most tables are open!!! Surprise it's lunch time!!!! I just passed six tables empty and clean. Beyond me...  the waitress was told us to order while she was serving the other table; so we basically yelled out our order." Now i'm back in Spain... I could really use an Olive Garden here!" I really like Olive Garden but the reason why I am giving this place (green tree next to Starbucks) is that the service is not consistent over time. One time the waitress was so rude that she was throwing the food on us and hubby got his coke with no ice. I understand that it can bee too busy at times but I have been to other Olive Gardens which they are equally busy if not busier! The food here is good but I would really recommend Olive Garden in Robinson instead.  to put it nicely.  Doubtful that I will go back." Just went on Saturday Olive Garden isn't usually my first choice  but it was really close.  The food was  surprisingly good.  But sometimes the service can really make the experience so much better and that's what happened.  I find it hard to remember when we had a server that was this good. It made the whole experience just wonderful. Thank you  Anthony it was a great pleasure to have you as our waiter  I hope you will still be there next month when we are back in Pittsburgh.   Great job Anthony !  microwaved and served.  I mean- if I wanted to eat microwaved food- I'd go to the freezer section of my grocery store and shop there.  Seriously- if you want good breadsticks & salad- go here... but that's the only reason.  I'd rather take the extra time & make real pasta at home "Well it is a Sunday night and the crowd is not here. I opted for the bar to sit and eat and found the entire wait staff joking it up about tossing salads... No really.  The bartender showed up to try and direct them to not sit there ... That lasted all of 5 minutes. Very unprofessional staff so far.  Well now I know about this waitress' tanning habits and dog problems... Her ex must have ran So I gave it another chance during the Lunch shift. Completely different experience provided by Amanda the bartender. Excellent service and great personality. She was busy but kept all the plates in the air without missing a beat. Based on this experience I will be back! Great Job Amanda!  I would say this one is the best. The chicken scampi is absolutely delicious as well as the chicken Alfredo. The only problem that I have experienced is paying $4 for extra Alfredo sauce. I don't believe that's fair considering the amount on the pasta was nowhere near the usual amount." Went here after finding out another restaurant was closed. Loved the ravioli de portabello. I am very pleased with Olives Gardens calories for their light menu options. I look forward to returning. The service was excellent. It far exceeded what I previously expected from this restaurant." So I wrote to corp through their website and they sent me a gift certificate.  I gave this location another try and thankfully it's back to normal.  So go with caution and be prepared to deal with lackluster performance.  I love OG on the whole and give most locations at least four stars  unacceptable for a baked entree. I sent it back and the second time it came out it was just as cold. I finally spoke to a manager who comp'd my meal. I will never be back to this location."  but I'd suggest asking to be waited by someone else (everyone else seemed wonderful!) and I believe your server's attitude is directly proportional to your dining experience."  Olive Garden is the place you go when you want some fairly good italian food--wearing your shorts and t-shirt.  The Zuppa Tuscana (soup) is really good.  The alfredo sauce is pretty good too.  One thing you must try (if you are of age) is the Sangria.  Excellent." The place is just older and needs some renovations. Please change your carpets!" The food is always good. I love the soup and salad combination - it's perfect for lunch. But the BEST PART OF SITTING AT THE BAR IS BEING SERVED BY VILDEN. Vilden is Im giving this two stars only for the food." "We dined as a large party of 14!   I had the new parmesan crusted steak with cheese stuffed noodles  2 for 25. The special menu had pretty good variety of  the appetizer and entree that you can choose. I don't recommend the bruschetta Drive 5 minutes to Libretto's for real Italian food or 10 minutes to The Carolina Bistro." I highly recommend the ""strata"". it's a chocolate cake that is to die for." Four stars today - twenty minute wait to get seated which is reasonable at this location after church on Sunday - great server named Amy - food came quick - very tasty - good experience patrons were given gift cards and comped bills." Want a zero star option! I am a fan of olive garden but this one is horrible! Where do I start? Got soup without bread which came about 20 mins later as it was baking every time we would remind her although everyone around was getting baskets. Then Food ordered was new promos that had no details and had to rely on waitress which was clueless! She lied about the meal all together. Ended up with 2 meals un eaten. The bread finally arrived at end and lemon never came...she kept saying it was being cut! Ended with her dropping our plate on floor causing flying glass and never got a mint! Well at least she was smart enough to ask mgr to talk to us b4 us asking!  I am very aware of what food poisoning is and is not. This was the real deal..my first hint should have been at the restaurant when the couple seated next us were complaining about their food. I doubt we'll ever be back." This attempt at lunch ended up taking  2+ hours - which is ok for a dinner event but completely unacceptable at lunch time when you have to get back to work.  The bad service coupled with the mediocre food just makes this place a big waste of time.  Next time someone plans an event here - lunch or dinner - I will just have to respectfully decline."  and gave me her humble apologies. Once I received the dish I ordered - beef medallions over fettuccine alfredo - it was actually pretty tasty. It featured green onions  I am absolutely looking forward to going back and trying some more of their new menu items!" I haven't been to an O.G. in a long time. I am suprised to say that things have changed for the better. If you're looking for real italian food this is not the place to go. But the foods that they are serving are great. The service was top notch. The menu change are cool. They stole that but one get one pasta deal form Maggianos which I love! You can go wrong in my opinion. Salty garlicy bread sticks and the non stop salad. Enough said.. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive without hovering I love this place because the pasta is always very very very hot.  I knew I could sit quickly at the bar and I had a gift card since christmas or I would not be eating at a chain restaurant. It was what you expect at all of the chains. I got chicken and shrimp carbonarra (spell check). It was fair. What does one expect for something quick and convenient to what I was doing at the time.  I do wish however that I spent the gift card next door just shoveling cheddar bays down my throat. Good talk."  just wouldnt go back unless we had another gift card."  this server was completely inattentive and was rushing my friend and I the entire time. Our salads came not even five minutes before our food was sent out. I am completely disappointed. I don't recommend this location to anyone."  we were not very pleased with the service nor the food. And I do understand it was late but if your own staff tells me it's not a big deal Two stars because the place was less than tidy and the bar staff didn't seem interested in customers. Otherwise Dessert was actually pretty good--I got the chocolate tuxedo mousse cake which was quite good and it seems everyone else enjoyed theirs as well. The only reason this place is getting 2 stars instead of 1 is for service. Our waiter was personable and friendly It is amazing how this restaurant always has long wait times when I honesty don't believe that the food is great. I have gone a couple of times and each time that I have gone I have gotten different dishes. I feel like the food is not flavorful and are always missing something. You can definitely find better chain Italian restaurants like Maggiano's or Bravo! Come here if you like bland dishes.  greasy and very bad. I gave it one star because of the waiter.  I'll never go to this one ever again. The health inspector needs to visit and manager fired!!"  drinks come fast and the $11.99 3-course meal going on now is a pretty darn good deal." "From the time we walked in to the time we left the staff was extremely friendly. The new ""small plates"" are a great addition to an already great menu selection. Try the crispy asparagus!!! Only 2.99 to add to an entree. My wife had the steak Gorgonzola and it was cooked a perfect medium. All in all I felt like it could not have been a better dinner date night!" This is a picture of an **INSECT that I was about to eat!! I was really hungry and decide to stop by and eat.. Thank goodness this was my second plate and I wasn't too full because I gulped down the first plate.. This is your sou"  they were all tasty I really enjoyed the wings. The service was however pretty terrible the appetizers arrived after our meal we think they forgot that part of the order . the bread sticks showed up finally as we were done . I will say the manager did give us the appetizers for free without us ever having to complain so that was a plus .." Smells like wet dog.  EXTREMELY humid inside.   Food was good (the two stars worth).  Service was very bad today.  I am a server myself and I would be beyond embarrassed if I provided such poor service to a table.  Added bonus - It constantly seemed like she was trying to rush us out.  Delivered our desert in a to go container without us even asking!!!  Also delivered our checks before we were halfway done and we had to ask to have a desert added on... No complaints other than the olive shortage ..." No complaints here..."  the staff was very professional and quick and the food was delicious! Our waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly. He never let our drinks go down half way and he was very punctual and respectful."  but the service was disappointing." I love eating at Olive Garden! This location is clean and the servers seem to care about their guests :) 4 of us sat at the bar on a Sunday afternoon. The food was good. My girlfriend and I split the lasagna. The breadsticks and salad were really good which is what we mainly came for. The problem was the service. The bartender was very slow and no personality. He never checked on our food. It seemed as if we were bothering him if we needed something. I heard other people around getting the wrong orders. He missed up my buddies simple drink order. I know people have off days but my girlfriend was a bartender for 10 years and she said he's the worst she's seen. I still like Olive Garden but we just won't sit at that bar again. They are really trying. I have been here & had incredible service & incredibly bad service. But if you let any member of the staff... Especially a manager know that it isn't going well... They will take over your table & make for damn sure everything else goes Perfect. I only wish I had started with the management & not had to encounter the poorly trained & barely capable servers that began my experience. But all in all the best Olive Garden food & service I have ever had in 25+ years of Olive Garden dining. Damn Good place that earned those 5 Stars!!! "Been to Olive Gardens a ton of times and have to say this location is definately one of the better ones I have been too.  Don't expect a home made Italian dinner as this is a chain restaurant but it's still good nontheless.  Our server was awesome.  Very fast  great food. Nice server. Poor service." Service is very bad. Waitress was throwing plates on the table. And not even listening to want we want to order. And she even charged for salad which comes for free. Have been to many restaurants but this was my worst experience.  there are just too many real Italian restaurants in the area without screaming babies and hour long waits that serve flavorful food at reasonable prices (Portofino's and Docle come to mind) to deal with Olive Garden.  I would go for a to go order IF I had a gift card Great service. Always busy but worth the wait. The manager jeff was active and made sure our time was great. You do not see this type of attention at many locations. Food was very good also. We always enjoy coming to this location. Thank you Jeff.  the waitress very clumsily spilled about three big gulps of sweet tea in my steak gorgonzola and then handed me the plate as if nothing to happened. Guess she thought it needed a little umph in the flavor department." A friend and I had a very tasty Mother's Day dinner after a movie. I had a chicken dish with salad. The waitress was kind when she served us but because it was Mother's Day they were very busy. We had to wait about 30 minutes for a table it was standing room only. But we had a nice time. Another problem this visit is that Olive Garden has decided putting tablets in everyone's face is a really great idea. They were placed up and down the bar with bright animated images. Can we not just sit and have some peace and a little chat with the bartender or another diner? I also wonder if the cameras on the tablets are operational. It just seems intrusive." My server was fantastic!  Food great good server recommendations!  Highly recommend!  Lucian server!  and play games....not a fan....I go out to eat for the experience and talking with my friends and family.  The prices aren't bad but not worth it to me...love the bread sticks though!!"  i forgot to ask if you want soup or salad. Salad then took forever. Food came slow and was cold. This just affirmed my decision to stop eating out." I have been visiting this place for a while There is usually a wait but not too bad. Parking can be a pain since it shares a lot with Red Lobster. Zuppa Toscana is my favorite soup there. You can't go wrong when ordering the chicken scampi or seafood Alfredo. Their stuffed mushrooms is so delicious. Their secret is the tiny pieces of clam in it. Calamari is excellent especially with the Parmesan peppercorn sauce.  and I enjoyed the Italian sausage I had added to my dish. They were juicy not dried out. My mom didn't enjoy her alfredo "Overall it wasn't a bad visit from the welcoming staff to the cleanliness of the restaurant. Salad and breadsticks were normal and good. But the reason I went was to try the Lobster Raviolis. There I was very disappointed. I don't know if it's because I ordered a dinner dish at lunch but there was almost no filling in the ""Double Filled"" dish. Shrimp on top was nice but no LOBSTER FILLING."  why? I said our waiter didn't give us any but it could have been because he was terrible. The manager over heard me and inquired about what happened. I explained all of the stuff above and she apologized profusely. She gave us a gift card for more than our dinner was and asked that we please come back and give them another chance. She is the only reason this is not a 1 star review. She definitely felt bad and was not happy with the way we were treated. I just wish that Tim had realized that his service was terrible." Maybe Carrabas would have been the better choice for chain Italian." Went here for a nice lunch to catch up with a few old friends. I ran into a worker named Morgan. I didn't know Olive Garden served wings but I'm sorry your personality can only go so far...hard work and great service is what gets you tips. Stop half a$%ing your job." Plenty of parking and easily accessible being in front of the Carolina place mall. They are great for groups and kids lunch and dinner."  and breadsticks with Zuppa Toscana.  The bread sticks were brought out before we even ordered which made them cold by the time the remainder of our food was brought.  A refill was never offered.  The salad was swimming in dressing where normally the dressing is light.  And the Zuppa Toscana was unrecognizable.  It was totally different from all other OG restaurants I've visited.  We had several different servers during our short stay.  I doubt that I'll ever go back to this location again."  and said it herself. Funny how ive come and gone to several olive garden and only order that. Im a go to dish type of person. What a Terrible manager!!!!! And waitress." This is my first time at this olive garden and can I just say wow the servers are amazing. There is a new guy here who has only been here 6 days it is his first serving job and he is honestly the nest server I ever had 4WsTFTH8GgnyFHwrH9nHzA My first Olive Garden experience ever! So much cheese and so much wine! Great place. Desserts were out of the world! Must visit place. I came here before and waited for at least 20 min with no service not even drink no body even said hi. I see the server  standing right there with no response. I said let me give it another shot and today the same thing happened it is like we are invisible any way bad bad service. Now lites talk about the food I ordered the spaghetti with meet sauce it test like nothing literately the sauce like red water that all. Never going there again. Slow service and a mediocre meal. I ordered the deep dish spaghetti only to be told they didn't have that at this time. Our appetizer came out with our entree. The presentation on my lasagne was indistinguishable from any discernable dish. Not a good experience.  was thrown together haphazardly as if the cook either wasn't trained properly or just didn't care.  The steak was supposed to be medium; instead it came well done.  The pasta was a bit dried out at the edges  but food and service is always just hit or miss.  I think that is to be expected with a chain.  Sometimes I have a good experience and sometimes not so much.  I think that it is a little overpriced  everyone...the steaks are ridiculously large.  They've got one of those wine lists that is made for every single person that can walk through that door...great whites and great reds...excellence whether you're staying under 20 bucks Capital grille is perfect for special occasions  this is a great restaurant.  Perfect for a first date or anniversary.  Very cozy atmosphere and a great staff."  but pretty much your run-of-the-mill regular steak. I enjoyed it but wasn't overly impressed. I don't have any complaints and would definitely return here. Although it's a steak house - Good for company team dinners."  I would recommend the Lobster Macaroni and Cheese and Au Gratin Potatoes.  We also got the seafood appetizer platter and it was decent  and for no other reason!  I guess it's the natural byproduct of an expense account banking town." "I really don't understand some of the negative reviews for this place.  It seems like they were looking for a different experience.  Make no mistake  it's awesome--but you'll be paying a pretty heavy price to get some."  and professional. I ordered the Cajun rubbed Delmonico steak and it was wonderful. Sauteed mushrooms as a side and a 2005 Cakebread Cabernet completed the meal. Since the place was unknown to us the unexpected pleasant surprise of the place added to the overall experience."  but the bisque was quite good and not too strong. My filet entrees were awesome. It's amazing that they can make Choice cuts taste like Prime." Sorry- just doesn't do it for me.  The steak is average and it's over run by BoA middle management. "As far as a steakhouse.. eh..had much better..but I do love the bar.. the apps.. this is one of the places that I hang out with my Nascar buddies.. the bartenders are always on top of things..fun and on the ball. A great wine selection.. Food: I always try the filet..and usually Im disappointed.. 3x to be exact.. they cant seem to cook it correctly! I love the spinach salad.. and again It is kinda interesting for some reason it is dark in there...guess they don't want you to see the prices!  You get what you pay for and here for us it was worth it."  but HOT as in spicy..  Lobster and Steak is where it's at and if you somehow escaped the recession blues throw in a bottle of Silver Oak Cab..."  tough parking. But just a tourist so not too concerned about that. I did hear from our server however they may be opening one in Costa Mesa CA?? Hope so. Enjoy  Stars for the Sandwich and service. Not crazy about the salad a little pricey for so so salad." The Capital Grille is fantastic!  A bit of a pretentious crowd in the bar area but that's what you would expect....  Filet cooked rare with lobster macaroni on the side is my ideal 'last meal' before I die.  Service is great except one time we got a young waiter here that thought that since we were a little young that we wanted to be spoken to with 'true dat..and word'.  Not sure if this moron still works there but overall service over the years has been good.  but the size of the meat and savory taste is well worth it. This place is great for special occasion and couples. A couple will easily spend $200."  I can't say they are on the same lever (other than price)." Capital Grille - always a good fine dining experience." Every time I leave Capital Grille I feel very full but very "Fine dining and elegant decor without the pretentious attitude.  Great happy hour bar with the famous ""Paul"" bartending since 2004'.  Ask for a Stoli Doli Pineapple Martini and you will not regret it.  The Porcini Delmonico Steak and Lobster Mac n Cheese rule!!"  juicy steak.  My sliced filet served on a bed of mushrooms and caramelized onions in a sumptuous jus was very tasty.  I'll be looking out for Restaurant Week deals like many others here." Had to run to make our reservation so it was just the one round.  Wasn't cheap for 3 cocktails and a beer it was $46 I believe.  But it was a nice atmoshpere and we saw they are running for prix fixe in October so we might stop in for dinner before Chelsea Handler at TW." The Delmonico steak is great as well as the filet. Depending on the size of the lobster tail that night I dont think for the price I would come back. Not worth it but I guess this place is perfect for those who wanna flaunt money"  considering she looked to be around the same age as me it seemed strange!"  their rich and delicious cheesecake with berries. It is always a lot of food but we love to splurge on special occasions. Birthdays are fun too because they will have your table decorated in fun confetti and always make you feel special. Fun night out!"  so what? It was SO WORTH IT!!!" Our server was very nice and helped when it came to picking out the wine and his suggestion was great we all enjoyed it!"  wait staff and the food was just plain amazing.  I devoured the huge portion of lobster and crab stuffed shrimp.  Our sides were mashed potatos and asparagus with hollandaise...both were great.  Our bill was $209 for 4 people...some may think its a little pricey but I think it was well worth it and would certainly do it all over again with no hesitation.  The one and only complaint I have is that the menus are HUGE....huge to the point that I nearly cleared all of the glasses off the table when attempting to order...BUT food that great deserves to be displayed on a small billboard!"  this is the place to choose when perusing the restaurant week menu. Or if you have a special occassion and feel like splurging  one of the chef's specials and my colleagues also ordered variations of steak.  This chain steakhouse really served up a perfectly cooked mignon and I would definitely come back here." With the gift card and the restaurant week pricing it made this meal with 4 glasses of wine and 2 cocktail about $43 pre tip.  Tip on the pre discounted amount and we still walked away paying $60 for a meal that could have been A LOT more expensive.  I almost felt like we were stealing since I know how pricey this place can be!" Service was great! Went there for weekday lunch.  Got the spinach bacon salad as my side and that could have been my whole meal.  Got the ribeye sandwich as my main course and that was scrumptious.  My BF got the swordfish and mashed potatoes.  I don't like fish but he said it was yummy.  The mashed potatoes were some of the best I've ever had.  My sandwich was even good leftover.  Will most certainly frequent this spot! This is a classic steak house.  Good service and great food. Go ahead- spend the extra money.  It's worth it. Top Notch steaks and service.  My recommendation (if you're really hungry) order the Porterhouse...medium rare.  And please pay the few extra dollars for the Porcini Rub - you'll thank me...   Table 23 is one of the best for privacy if you have 3 to 4 joining you..  I came for steak and I did not get good steak here. I will not be back. Should have ate at Ruth Chris instead.. and its just 4 blocks the other way.."  might I suggest Ruth's Chris (right down the street) or Del Friscos (South Park) as better alternatives to this place?  Del Frisco's is my personal choice  flavourful food and white glove service as a chain restaurant. We're requesting Alissa next time we visit :-)"  a great dinner - I almost had to roll myself out of there.  Would I eat here on a typical night out for dinner?  No.  The price is prohibitive.  But for a nice business dinner and or personal event.  It is top notch.  I wouldn't even consider going to Ruth Chris in comparison!" The lobster mac and classic wedge salad are both  must haves but you can't go wrong with anything on their menu."  you don't like any place.  If you don't have 300 bucks to spend DO NOT GO.  Food-EXCELLENT.  Service- EXCELLENT drinks-EXCELLENT.  Eating there is like being on a cruise.  It is by far the best resturant in Charlotte MENU & PRICING: High end aged steak and fresh quality seafood. Expense it on your company card or stock up on top ramen next week." It was great night and even though the steak was not a favorite CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ Thank you Capital Grille!" I have been here for a private party as well and the service on each visit has been very good."  but they were nothing special.  They were not particularly tender or seasoned with anything I could taste.  The sides were fantastic.  I don't know if we just went on an off night The filet oscar and lobster mac 'n cheese are simply put ""my last meal on earth"".  Through in a nice red glass of vino to wash it down and that equals instant smile for this guy!" Great service and wines. Best calamari in town  dine at the Capital Grille on your next trip to Charlotte."  where the steaks are phenomenal. The service was great and the lobster bisque and tails are a must try. I now know never to order steak from here only their lobsters."  always consistent. Great food and service. You can people watch at the bar" I will try again when I can afford another $30 lunch." Back to Ruth's Chris for next years thank you lunch..." "I had a $40 filet mignon at Ruth Chris a few days before eating here.  For the same price  it was awesome. Definitely a fan of that cheesecake and the atmosphere "You will be tempted to go with the kona crusted sirloin because it sounds so good (and it is) "I first found the Capital Grill when we visit Charlotte.  We now have one in Seattle.  I have frequented many 'steak' houses "The Capital Grille Philadelphia was my 1st visit to this franchise. I had a great experience there This meal was probably the best all-around I've had in Charlotte "Steak! Steak! Steak!  This is the place that I brought my fiance to propose to her.  Everything was set up perfectly.  The entire staff was in on it.  They set me up a special table in the corner "It's been many years since we've been to The Capital Grille.  My employer used to treat us during the holidays after we worked 12-15 hour days nights decorating the lobby for Christmas.  It was my first time trying calamari and the Stoli Doli - both sublime.  As was everything else I consumed.  I've been wanting to return since then  was friendly and attentive and very knowledgeable. I would highly recommend the Capital Grille for anyone looking for a nice steak or seafood dinner." The food was fabulous. The wine list was even more impressive! I can't wait to go back. I didn't get to enjoy dessert. Next time!!" CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ Went last Thursday for restaurant week.  Claim chowder...perfect.   Creme brle...perfect.   Sirloin special....grissely and disappointing.   My guest got the same and got the same grissely disappointment.    Atmosphere was nice and service was excellent. I would go back here just for the service alone. It's really nice to be treated like they really care about your visit. It might be a while before I head back though but cheers Capital Grille!"  a new entree of seared scallops with sweet and sour tomatoes is available. I love how the scallops are served with a grilled lemon wedge for a citrus taste that goes perfectly with the beautifully presented and cooked shellfish - delicious. The other new additions to the menu include a carrot ginger soup (hot) which I also really liked (the tasty classic New England clam chowder is still available as well) and a tomato and watermelon salad with feta cheese - a refreshing option for a side dish. The Wagyu beef burger with fried egg and crispy onions is back on the menu following multiple requests after it was featured last summer and then removed. My mom ordered this and LOVED it - and she is not usually a fan of burgers at all. The truffle fries go great with the burger  we really had a fantastic evening. I suspect that we'll be back the next time we have an excuse to splurge."  they are now my first choice for a venue to celebrate and to show off everything Charlotte has to offer." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ But overall this place is ok . I don't want to go back again ."  I won't be coming back.  There are too many other great places to spend my well-earned money on." ""Meh. I've experienced better"" sums it up ............ 2 stars" The service at this location was extra good being that there was a hint of southern hospitality added to an already great service experience. The bartender was quick "Really fantastic steaks and a lively upscale crowd make this downtown old school style steakhouse a winner. It's a meat lover's paradise and often has a bustling bar with upscale business people drinking $14 martinis and lots of talkative business crowds in the dining room. The decor is intentionally stuffy (old men oil paintings)  the meal for our group was excellent. The price for this meal was over our normal expectations "I had lunch at Capital Grill and was pleasantly surprised by the menu options that included fish and other non-meat items. The service was impeccable from the moment we stepped into the restaraunt. I was surprised that it wasn't more crowded but there was an ice storm brewing outside  and I think it'll be a great place for any special occasion. Hmmm... my birthday IS right around the corner... :)"  I don't want any sauce near it.  My wife's filet actually had some sauce on top of it.  Personally  I've come to set my expectations pretty high.  I have been disappointed before and I have been pleased.  Last Friday night was the latter.  We had 7 people in our little group and the staff and the service were exceptional and the food and wine was great.  Many thanks CG !!  We will be back."  but I think I actually got one Capital Grille wouldn't have been proud they served.  Too bad we were in a bit of hurry and I didn't send it back.  The leftover bit I took home was almost all sub-standard.  The service was excellent  capital grille is the only steakhouse that actually serves you a large enough portion that you feel satisfied. it was definitely worth the price tag. not something i'd do every month but certainly for special occasions." Our drinks were never tended too and the front server never bothered to follow up on the salad. I hope everyone inside had a better experience." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ Yes please restaurant week for giving me the reason to put on my fancy shoes and valet my late model ride at Capital grille uptown. We had a large group so we grabbed a drink at the bar while we waited on our party to arrive. We ended up enjoying dinner in their private dining room- hello fabulous service and an exclusive feel. This may have not been the best steak I ever had but some of my friends were kind enough to share and their entrees were stand outs. Salads and soups were just so-so but they do their meat right. Dessert was also amazing. Several months later I still remember the service and experience here. Highly recommend if you are rolling in the dough or looking for a special evening. I havent been here in about 8 years due to a bad meal I had long ago that I couldnt shake.  So I decided while I was Uptown having lunch to give it another go...it has been afterall about 8 years.  I have to say I was extremely impressed!  Everything was exceptional and well made.   Our waitress Alex was so sweet and knew the menu well and recommended the lobster bisque which wasnt on the menu.  It was perfection!  HUGE lumps of lobster meat swimming in a rich creamy broth.  OMG..it was so good.  Plus the truffle fries are the best Ive had in Charlotte so far!  The manger Bryce was so nice and accomodating.  He went out of his way to make the experience great.  Will not hesitate to return!  nothing beats Ruth's Chris). What sets them apart from many others is their calamari (has a Thai red pepper-type sauce on it). It's mouth-watering and amazing. You must get it when you go here. I suggest reservations - it's definitely one of the more popular upscale restaurants. They offer a great brunch too." "We had a group of neighbors visit during restaurant week.  The steaks and veggies were just ""flat"" outstanding.   To us "Reviews set my expectations high.   All of them were accurate except price.   For what you get I was amazed how low the price was.  There are many other restaurants in Charlotte whose prices are comparable  and he plated the food close but not just right so you had to re-arrange the positioning of every dish before eating it.  The atmosphere is beautiful.  I would return for a business lunch but don't waste your time or money on dinner or taking someone you want to impress." And the Flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake! Oh the cake... If people could live without sex by eating this cake   and Sam's Mashed Potatoes. And I think the Chocolate Hazelnut Cake is a perfect way to end a perfect meal."  wrote exactly what was in each box and sealed them to prevent  spills.   They were packed into large bags!    The servers in subtle ways  I highly reccomend the bread with the carmelized onions on top. We both ordered the current special of Waygu burger and glass of wine for $25 (we chose the Silver Oak Cab) served with parm. truffle fries. Burger was juicy and very flavorful.. served on a perfectly toasted bun with an overeasy egg and soft butter lettuce. We got a side of their dijion mustard and it was a perfect compliment to the burger. No need for ketchup for the burger or fries for sure. Dessert was a flourless espresso chocolate cake (friend loved it Many thinks to all of the staff... especially Alisa... at Capital Grille for another great night. I'll be back as soon as my wallet forgives me." Will I visit C.G. again?  Absolutely."  all the adults had different steaks on the menu. Mine was the Steak au Poivre with a creamy French sounding sauce. It was beautifully tender at medium rare and spiced just right. Everyone raved about their steaks. The kids had their Chicken tenders (?) which was not on the regular menu but the waitress arranged it. The ambience was classy but not stuffy. We were not loud but pretty chatty and never felt rushed or uncomfortable. The vibe was bustling but relaxed for the guests. Only one person had dessert  as well as their bar for signature cocktails and appetizers. This past week a friend and I decided to stop in for a drink at the bar. While enjoying our cocktails  for sure. Expensive but worth it for special occasions and company functions. Steaks are amazing. Lobster Mac 'n Cheese is the best I've ever had in any restaurant. Bread was fresh and delicious. Au gratin potatoes and all the veg dishes are full of flavor. Staff are ready to meet your needs. It is not a five because we were disappointed in the seafood lobster." This is heaven for steak lovers like me! High quality and moody...I enjoyed my time very well. I've eaten there twice while traveling on business.  Both meals were outstanding.  The service was perfect and so was the food.  Everything about how this place is run is top-notch.  I highly recommend it. Took my husband here for his bday sometime in the beginning of November. I told then ahead of time that it was his birthday and the did really special things. It was expensive but he was happy the food was great and free v parking. Not bad at all would do it again. He says this place has the best steak. We even got a picture to take home. Loved it again.  This is our second time eating here and it has been fabulous both times.  Really enjoyed it.  Service was awesome!  we shared the tenderloin and poched lobster and with an appitizer and desert in was more than enough. I can't wait to go back. A definite choice!" I dine here pretty regularly and it's always been amazing. My favorite thing on the menu is the lobster crab cakes. They're an appetizer but I love them so much I often order them as an entree. All the steaks are wonderful. Never had a bad meal here!  and creamed corn.  Marc made a great wine selection.  The whole experience was five star and I recommend any of the dishes we ordered!  This location offers outdoor tables on the very active Tryon Street...great for people-watching on warmer nights."  the experience is always perfection. Our server brought us over a little amuse bouche' as well - the squash soup - so yummy - it tastes like the season."  so long as you have to cash. The food is all excellent and I would love to go back and try some other stuff out. The ambiance Definitely the best place to get a steak. Sides are family style and very delicious.  They also serve my favorite bottle of wine here (Burly's Cabernet) so to be able to enjoy this wine with a delicious filet is one great evening out!!!  and my daughter had just the caprese salad.   The tuna steak and sole were just perfect.   Mozzarella in the caprese is made fresh on premises.   Tomatoes were a little under-ripe End every meal here with a shot of Sambucca. Trust me on that one."  didn't really appease the hype that I have heard from it. The lobster tail was  very tasty. Although the restaurant wasVery Pricey "Wen't to Capital Grille for my birthday dinner. I hadn't been here since I was in High School. From what I remembered it was really good. Of course everything is a la carte. I ended up only having Lobster Mac and Cheese. (I'd already had a recovery meal after party #1) It was okay. Could have used a boost in flavor somewhere. Maybe some salt. My biggest concern was my drink. Is that bad? I'm concerned with my drink. Anyway Came here before an opera of which the waiter was aware. We were courteously rushed but this was okay because we needed to leave at a certain time. Service was quick except when I received the check. It took a little bit for the waiter to pick up the payment and process it. The coffee was served with some spilled on the cup plate.  who cares if you get crap at your plate?" "The food & service are amazing! We have never had a disappointing experience at The Capital Grill. If you're eating light but still want to treat yourself  this place is great for putting on the swag and showing your guests or yourself a fancy meal out.  Something of a Charlotte staple now  trust me. I worked at a 5-star hotel with a Michelin 3-star restaurant. It was good. But the reason I can't give them 5-stars yet is because I haven't had the chance to go back."  the foul smell of the place made me just loose the appetite. Headed down to the more hip bar at the Ritz Carlton. What a difference The meal and a bottle of wine ran me $150 which for the service and ambience I believe is fair.  I'll most definitely be going back to give the chef another chance to WOW me." Possibly the BEST meal of my entire life! Hospitality here is bar none. You won't be sorry you chose to eat here.  I gave'hem a great review last time on their Exchange Room and Filet Mignon. Now  but you'll have to experience it yourself to understand. There's no better place to celebrate a special occasion I'd absolutely go again." Can't wait to bring my boyfriend with me on my next trip out here to Charlotte and bring him for a meal!"  but Charlotte is a happening city and I would dine outside again in a skinny minute." Recently enjoyed a great meal  while celebrating our wedding anniversary. The staff made our experience so memorable complete with photograph  of the happy occasion. The welcoming taste of hors d'oeuvres was  just right. Our entrees  cooked to an excellent temperature.  And the sampler plate of desserts with happy anniversary was such a nice touch. "I was Extremely disappointed  with Capital Grille. I dine there during Queen's Feast Restaurant Week yesterday. i was very excited because i only heard good things about the place . To Start the evening off there weren't any seat left inside the restaurant so we were escorted to a dining room outside the lobby. There were so many terrible things that occur that evening where do i begin. First the ceasar salad was the worst salad i have ever had it taste like a 2 day old bag salad you get at your local grocery store. it wasn't fresh Not in a hurry to come back....other competitors have won my heart." The main reason I am giving a one star review is because I woke up in the middle of the night with awful stomach pains and have been sick for the past 10 hours. My husband was nauseas but not as sick as me.  We didn't sleep practically at all last night and because of this i would never ever return here. I would recommend grilling steaks on your own grill and not wasting a ton of money to get an underwhelming sickening experience." The capital grille is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte."  especially because it's super convenient for my client. I would expect a steak place to cook a steak to my requested temperature and if I had more time I would have probably sent it back to be cooked more." "We were greeted with "" Happy Annversiary"" and two glasses of Champagne.  I though the champagne was actually quite delicious.  We had lobster-crab cakes for appetizers.  There was quite a bit of lobster in the cakes and they were scrumptious.  We shared a 10 oz Filet  which was plenty for us.  It was cooked to perfection.  We had scalloped potatoes and asparagus which we took home left overs.  They had one of our favorite wines from Chandon Domaine which I have not seen in a resturant before. They brought us out 2 small desserts: one on each end of plate with Happy Anniversary in the middle.  They took our picture with their camera and provided us with the picture.  Our waiter was superb along with the service.  The managers made sure we were happy by checking on us several times."  price...sides should not be double digits in price"  the prices are insane.  But for a special occasion dinner  this is definitely a 5 star experience worth the price.  Kudos to Steve and team on an awesome restaurant!!  I will for certain visit again when in town for business." The steak was cooked to perfection  .  Staff  is very friendly. Nice place to hang out.  which was a bone-in tenderloin.  That was the best steak I've ever eaten.  I paired it with the wine suggested by our waiter and the combo was incredible.  My husband had the porterhouse.  We also tried the lobster mac n cheese.  Amazing!!   I'm already looking forward to our next visit."  salad are well made and delicious. The steaks are cooked to exactly to the diner's request. Great place to begin night on the town in uptown Charlotte or celebrate an important event." "It's good. Had lobster soup first so later the sea bass didn't taste that great. But I had it packed and ate the rest in the next day  filet and lobster for my husband. Good wine. Richest carrot cake." CG rocks in Charlotte!"  this is THE place to come! Just bring a high limit credit card! Hey like I say  they make the day night a special one! Absolute class from the minute your seated! Ambiance  but also had lobster bisque as a special. Lobster bisque with at least 2 full claws worth of meat in it. Their bread was delicious too. It's expensive and can be a little formal stuffy KmImzeVfLhBXvKphcap_DQ overall a nice Thanksgiving afternoon." "Is this even a surprise!? Exceptional everything. From my perfectly medium rare fillet to the lobster mac and cheese to the truffle fries. If you don't go for anything else  it's even more about the fantastic people who serve the fantastic food.   Calling it ""service"" almost demeans the high level of professionalism and friendliness that are the hallmarks of the CG team.  The serving professionals at CG are like old friends that you want to just invite to sit down and chat "A very beautiful place to dine in casual clothing. The food is well made but not the best I've had. I ordered the plate of mini tenderloins and parmesian truffle fries Also the bar area is great for dates to share a bottle of wine and order appetizers.  My date knew the bartender who was extremely friendly and attentive and gave great wine recommendations." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ one of the best places I've found in the Charlotte area that I can actually eat and enjoy. this is my favorite place in all of North Carolina. best food. A+++++ I truly can't say enough about our experience. My dad said that it was the best birthday he'd had in a very long time  this place always pleases. Choose here over any steakhouse in town.  Fleming's sucks.  I've never had anything less than a great experience here."  to celebrate anniversary or birthdays or simply having a family dinner.  No two experiences are the same other than the quality of personal care that they provide. Oh don't let me get started about the chef's I had the scallops with risotto and it was amazing. The scallops had just the right amount of crispiness where they were pan fried. Considerable portion size. The decor is cool with lots of bronze animals and a bison mounted on the wall.  but really I'd choose quality every time over being served something that's just OK while being overcharged.  My husband enjoyed his lobster bisque and the lobster mac and cheese had several large chunks of lobster that were tender and perfect. My tomato salad came with underripe overly thick slices of tomato on top (which generally made the whole thing look unnappetizing). I'd say it's a reasonable request that if a tomato salad is offered you'd better have ripe tomato CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ "The ambiance was great. Food awesome. Service the best and super friendly. But it was very expensive. We paid  $300+ per couple with a drink before dinner Very nice evening with few friends. Lobster bisque was creamy with nice chunks of lobster. All the steaks  where perfectly done. Most importantly the service provided was spectacular.  especially the lamb. Easy on the sides...they can accommodate two people easily. It's a high end restaurant in central Uptown I am continually amazed at the ambiance and wonderful service I receive at this restaurant.  The filet mignon was so flavorful as well as the lemon asparagus. The cheesecake is indescribably delicious !!!  didn't feel dressy enough the sit in the dinning area. But it was Delicious! Great wine selection The food here is incredible. I ordered the bone-in Kona steak and it was absolutely wonderful! "Just Phenomenal. Everything. Ask for Rebecca Definitely go for a great lunch or dinner. Ask for George if he is available. You go in a customer and leave a friend with an incredible meal." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ  the room is relatively well lit and there is an outdoor seating area and open kitchen which reflects a more modern vibe"  about 4 layers of moist spicy goodness layered between not too sweet cream cheese frosting. The flourless chocolate espresso cake was my favorite Just to let everyone know the capital grille is doing a steak & salad special. They have three different options of salads and steaks to choose from. I got the spinach salad with fire roasted tomato and house mozzarella. I forgot was how my steak was prepared but I got it cooked medium. I paired it with a grapefruit buck cocktail because it was the lunch hour after all. One of the many reasons why I'll keep coming back is the older Caucasian lady that works there. She's so upbeat and has the best customer service skills.  we could have not asked for an better experience. Great food All the staff was wonderfully pleasant. I will return and I am excited to explore more of the menu." I recently went to the Capital Grille for the first time.  For whatever reason we always chose other Steakhouses in Charlotte.  But I have to say that this place seemed to have that something extra.  Their customer service was excellent.  The servers went above and beyond which I don't always experience other places.  Not to mention the steak was cooked perfectly and the lobster mac was delicious as well. Best customer experience!  Alex is the best EVER waiter.  Food is perfection.  They go all out for your birthday.  5 star every time! "Seriously amazing experience from the second we walked through the door   attentive and concerned   meal was fantastic   service My family and I had our first night of restaurant week at capital grill. My wife and daughter both ordered the filet mignon medium rare and I ordered the dry aged NY strip medium. All were cooked perfectly and paired with green beans and tomatoes and mashed potatoes. Atmosphere was very nice and well maintained. Staff was very pleasant and welcoming. The food overall was terrific. I personally did not care for the green beans and wish asparagus was paired with the meal instead. For desert I had the espresso cake and they ordered the creme brle. The cake in my opinion was much better than the pudding. I tried the pudding and was disappointed that it was not warm. I have had creme brle heated before from other restaurants and it's much better heated. We looked at the traditional menu and saw an excellent selection. Everything looked delicious. However the prices are startling. You can get similar quality and service for 15% cheaper at other restaurants. They are definitely worth trying but be prepared to have a nice chunk of cash to spend. Food was delicious and staff was very progressional. I will return again.  I had the lamb chops and the lobster and cheese Mac! Delicious  including the veggie sides (that come with all restaurant week meals!) and cleared our table. It was just awkward cause he made something that wasnt a big deal into a scene. Our neighbors sitting beside us literally leaned over and said they couldnt believe he did that and took the sides off the table too. Additionally Will definitely return all the way from Columbia  we ordered a filet and a porter house. Both tasted more like pot roast than steak. Service was the best I've ever seen before. We were celebrating our anniversary and they pulled out all the stops from putting a vase of flowers on the table "Good gluten free restaurant choice! Our party of three dined here Monday evening.  We opted to sit outside as the dining room seemed very loud and we didn't want to struggle to have a conversation.  Our waitress was knowledgeable about the gluten free options. We started with the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella. The ""croutons"" (rather large flat pieces of toast) were served on a separate plate for the guys to enjoy. My husband and his coworker ordered the bone in filet while I opted for the ny strip.  We all ordered our steaks medium.  We received rare  or how it was seasoned. I felt like the entrees were sub par. The Au gratin potatoes wer DELISH though. The Sam's mashed potatoes are probably the best mashed potatoes i've had at any steak house here." The grilled asparagus was excellent as were the garlic mashed potatoes. But that is not what you go to a steakhouse for. We will not be returning." The cheesecake was fabulous.  The customer service was lacking and the Seared Tuna was the worst I had ever had.  NC before or to this restaurant but all I have to say is Wow!  Amazing meal as I had the Filet Minon and it was one of the best meals I have ever eaten.  As and added bonus the waiter pointed out that the DT Suh from the Miami Dolphins was at the next table over and when he got done I went and asked for his autograph and he was very nice and gave it to me.  This place was incredible from the moment we walked in to the moment we left.  It is on the very expensive side but well worth every dime we paid.  I would recommend this place to anyone visiting who wants an upscale atmosphere and a great top notch dinner." "My friends and I went here last night. Our waiter Shawn was super! The crab cakes  nothing special what you would expect for a Caesar salad. The filet was good but could have been a little more tender. I find many steak restaurants have an issue cooking to med-well. It was good just not great. The side were really good I went for lunch with some colleagues and had the tuna. It was a bit overcooked and clearly not fresh. The ball of rice was also okay. The green beans were steamed fine. My colleague's ribeye sandwich was apparently pretty good but why go here when youre not on business?  every staff member was courteous and took a genuine interest providing great service. There were great little touches like the complimentary glasses of champagne and a special anniversary dessert that made our experience go from great to exceptional. My filet was absolutely perfect and the lobster macaroni was decadent. I was thoroughly wowed!"  you can't go wrong with anything at this fine-dining establishment!"  he had the Wagyu Cheeseburger with Fried Egg and Crisp Onions and truffle Parmesan fries. The serves was absolutely  wonderful  our waiter name was David he was always there he never missed a beat this whole experience was absolutely great. We had a ball for the food was GREAT!!!!!!" "I LOVE Capital Grille!!!! My husband & I sat at the bar tonight to celebrate. Our bartender Alex was amazing! Wagyu and Wine feature was great "The kona NY strip is one of the best steaks I've ever had. Recommended! Great cocktails Don't always need reservations. Have walked in a few times without reservations. The wine menu is great and the pineapple martini is delicious. The kitchen is very accommodating to allergies. The ribeye is amazing and I also always enjoy a seafood dish such as the salmon. I do want to give The Capital Grille a big Thank You for going the extra step of setting up our table for our anniversary. My wife was thrilled. Thank you!"  and I'm not sure why as the place was not busy at the time. Lest just say his tip went to the other server who had to pick up ours slack. If you don't earn it you don't get it." Service was impressive.  Very attentive and friendly."  but I really felt like the expense was worth it! Great service and great food can't be beat!"  great service! Perfect for a special occasion. The lobster mac-n-cheese is phenomenal. We'll be back for birthdays "The Capital Grille is solid.  It has a more upscale feel then some other high end chain restaurants. The drinks are awesome and the food came out perfect.  From oysters  friendly and courteous service along with a GREAT wine list this is the place to come!"  enough for dinner tomorrow night. This was everything a special occasion dinner should be! We left looking forward to our next dinner there." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ "The epitome of fine dining. Came in as a party of 15. Our server talked us into dishes we wouldn't normally eat and everything was delicious. Ate lots of oysters..drank lots of champagne. The displays of food were exquisite. Lots of detail put into presentation.  Lots of flavor. Servers sang happy birthday to a friend and gave her a dessert sampler and took pictures of the table.  This is my ""go to "" place when I'm in the area."  the lobster mac and cheese is delicious and the service is amazing. Highly recommend going to The Capital Grille for any special occasion." It's at a great location in Uptown Charlotte which allowed us to walk to the bars clubs after dinner."  but also expect to want to come back for another steak as soon as possible." Dessert is great - I usually opt for the flourless torte but honestly every thing I've tried has been excellent." The apple cobbler was okay...salted caramel gelato was good...Anyways  for a more reasonable price at local neighborhood bars resturaunts.  Do not fall for the hype. Try a small local fine dining restaurant.  You and your party will thank you for it!" "I made reservations for NYE probably around 3 weeks in advance. I am a student so going to what is supposed to be one of the city's elite steakhouses was going to be a treat. My girlfriend and I had 9:15 reservations and it took until about 9:30-9:45 to be seated which is understandable and the bar staff was wonderful while we waited. It was all downhill from there. We were both dressed extremely nice even better than some of the older patrons that were there who were wearing polo shirts and tshirts with sports coats.  That did not matter since we were 10 years younger than every other patron.  Our service was terrible which I suspect was due to the fact that we were the youngest people in the restaurant. It took 20-30 min to receive my bud light. I ordered the kona crusted strip medium rare and the only part of the steak that was slightly pink was the part near the bone. My girlfriend ordered the wedge salad with an added chicken breast with a side of au graten potatoes. Her meal was good other than the fact that once she finished 1 4 of her food the wait staff repeatedly asked if we would like a to go box to which I eventually caved and agreed to in order to get out of the dining area. I have been a waiter and bar tender for years to pay my way through law school so I understand when the restaurant is busy. Understanding this I did not feel it was appropriate at the time to complain to the manager. That being said  gave us a few pointers on identifying a good wine. This was done in a very genuine humble fashion. When passing through Charlotte we will be back. We were there 3 January 2016 awaiting a new grandchild."  they were phenomenal. In addition to the great food the service was superb. Our waiter George took great care of us. We will definitely eat there again." I have eaten at some exceptional restaurants and Capital Grille has just made this list. I liked the ambiance and the decor. The service was top notch and the food exceptional. Now granted I came during Charlotte's Restaurant Week but it's a restaurant I would try again even if it wasn't restaurant week. I got the chef's special which was the bone-in Kona crusted dry aged 18 oz NY strip topped with a shallot butter sauce. It was cooked a gorgeous medium rare. Buttery and smooth. The sauce was heavenly. I also ordered a delicious wedge salad and the creme brle was fantastic. The sides were green beans with onions and heirloom tomatoes and mashed potatoes. Both good but I was really focused on my steak. Peter was a great server and recommended a delicious house martini that complimented my meal. Do yourself a favor and make reservations today.  not a recommendation so we take responsibility for that one. We would consider this a success and definitely a top choice for the next special occasion." Good was very good but I got to say Ruth's Chris steaks are better tasting." I wouldn't suggest trying Capital Grille during major events because the food quality decreases. I am a major fan of their lobster Mac and cheese and was craving it during Valentine's Day. I ordered take out and when I got home I barely had any lobster(3 claws) and the amount of pasta was minimal. Absolutely had one of the best servers ever in Delany. Great atmosphere and the salmon dish was excellent. Would recommend potatoes au gratin for a side. I went here for Valentines and it was so worth it! Very classy! The service was amazing! The lobster mac& cheese was to die for. We also ordered the calamari seriously so delish. Def coming back! There are plenty of great restaurants and steak houses in Charlotte.  There is nothing unique or better about the capital grille than these other places." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ  salads and much more.  I always ask for George. Food is tops!" Top notch!  The food is always fantastic. The staff is very professional but not stuffy.  Love the rich wood decor "A steakhouse worth the price. Downtown Charlotte there is a steak waiting cooked to perfection with your name on it. After driving 4 hours I finally decided to stop for a bite to eat. Once I walked in I knew I was under dressed everyone I the place was in their Sunday finest  Always a nice spot to grab a drink or have dinner. I love this place if you are on a low carb diet and they are accommodating with food allergies. I love their pineapple vodka drink. Great for a date night.  we were treated with celebratory champagne. I had the Gorgonzola and truffle crusted dry aged ny strip and my boyfriend had the 24 oz. dry aged porterhouse. We shared the asparagus risotto (delicious) and the lobster mac & cheese (out of this world)! Our waiter  they smelled really but I refrained from grabbing one... his burger also looked good but I was focused!"  everything was extremely fresh and cooked to perfection.  Our server Sheri (spelling?) was amazing  than the Capital Grille.  I stopped by the bar area today for a late lunch.  The bartender and wait staff were flawless in their service The decor inside is very nice and definitely a place you want to take someone to impress them!  Would go back Steak tartare was amazing! I sat at the bar and the bartender was fun to talk to. We had a great conversation and she knew the menu well. I ordered the Ny strip and it was cooked to perfection. The lobster mac was amaizng. I really enjoyed my experience! I doubt I will ever set foot in this place again. The balsamic whatever sirloin was awful. Literally the worst steak I've had in a year or two."  and the special touch to the cake we brought in) was immaculate and the customer service was above and beyond. Thanks for always being the greatest at making our dining experience so spectacularly flawless!" "I'm going to be honest I was nervous about coming here because of the reviews. Me and my husband made reservations for our anniversary celebration. Everyone here treated us nice. They had our table ready with decorations and we even got a card saying happy anniversary. Also gave us some roses which were beautiful and dessert Thank you Amber at The Capital Grill in Charlotte North Carolina."  the lobster bisque was amazing. The fresh and large chunks of lobster were mouth watering. I then had the filet sandwich with truffle fries. The filet had a Capitol Grill special sauce that was a mix between a goat cheese spread and aioli. The truffle fries were hands down the best I have ever had. Nothing even compares. The filets were perfectly cooked CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ Great Night in The Capital ! Friendly Staff and a great salmon dinner can't be beat ! Lobster mac n cheese is awesome." BEST steakhouse I've ever been to. Fantastic service and AWESOME food! Steaks are phenomenal! Well worth every cent! George Lee has got to be the greatest server on the face of this earth!  it's how they resolve the situation that truly matters to me. They staff was tremendously gracious and I am excited to go back as I know they'll knock my socks off next time. Good job The food was amazing as always.  The calamari is probably my favorite thing on the menu.  The peppers are the perfect mix of sweet & spicy and the calamari is fried to perfection (a couple of extra seconds can result in rubber tires).  Our server was Angel & she was so sweet.  She was just the right mix of friendly & attentive without hovering or taking away from the dining experience. "Damn good steak! what else is there to say. If you're a steak lover and haven't been to the CG then you're missing out. Yes I know its a chain I had steak and mashed potatoes.  The steak was perfectly med-rare and mashed potatoes made simply but flavorful." So this chain experience wasn't too bad.  The only thing that sucked was no refill on the bread sticks.  If I'm going to go slummin' at the chain restaurants Now yes I know it is yet another Olive Garden but I really felt it necessary to comment on this location.  I frequent this location when going to my families lake house in Portage.  I must say this location really stands alone.  The staff is outstanding and the service and food is always top notch.  If it was closer to Chicago this staff could easily go and work at any of the top restaurants here in Chicago.  baked in pasta rolls with marinara sauce) and the wife ordered Stuffed Chicken Marsala(Oven-roasted chicken breast stuffed with Italian cheeses and sun-dried tomatoes  salad and breadsticks. we were in and out in 20 min with two bowls of soup each. watch out I'm giving this Olive Garden 5 stars mainly because of the server we had. Matt did a superb job at making sure we had a pleasant meal. I also was amazed at the fact that the parking lot was jam packed and yet we only had to wait 5-10 min to be seated. So ask for Matt when you go for dinner.  salad and soup refills even without us asking for more.  He made us feel like we were in a 5 star restaurant  it's a chain.  Is it top of the line?  No.  But the quality has greatly improved over the years and the service as well.  They handle groups well.  This place is always on the list for my office to have lunch.  I recommend it." "One of the employees stole my sons wallet.  He left it at the table and with in a half hour is disappeared.  The management are not willing to do anything about this and say that it just disappeared and that their employees do not steal.  I have managed restaurants We ordered the salad which is pretty much a given drenched with dressing.  We asked if we could just get a piece of grilled chicken and al dente veggies our waitress said she would check. We never ask for special orders unless its clear that similar options are on the menu. She brought out a chef to hear what we wanted. We were blown away. She cared so much about getting the order right she got a chef out there. To his credit he rocked it. YUM! Grilled chicken & lightly cooked veggies were perfect. We asked our waitress to please let him know how much we appreciated his efforts & how good they were."  I was with a group of 8 people.  It was insanity.  They sat us at two tables which made a weird shape.  A circle and a square?  The ability to converse was difficult.  Our server was so overwhelmed.  He should have had some help.  Then again This chain of restaurants is one of many contributing to American obesity. Quantity vs. quality. ""Unlimited soup "They took the Sausage and Peppers Rustica off the menu once again.... Lame! My friend and I were given 2 different menus We go here all the time. Love the unlimited bread sticks. The food is good and enough so you can have some for lunch tomorrow. And the staff has always been really nice. "If I could not give any stars I would. I called today to try to book a birthday party for my mother's 60th. She loves Olive Garden. The first person who answered didn't know if I could book a room for 20-25 people on a Saturday afternoon. She only knew I COULDNT do a Saturday evening. She said I should talk to the host. I waited on hold for 7 minutes. This was 11:15am on a Saturday. Another girl answers the phone and ask if she can help me. I told her I needed to book a birthday party. She said yeh you need to talk to the host. I said ""ok am I talking to the host?"" She said I was. Ok so what do I need to do to book a room? Well we can reserve a room for you. I asked if there was a fee. She said ""what?"" I asked again if there was a room fee. No there's no room fee. Ok how does the menu work? It's just a regular menu. Or whatever you want. I asked if there was someone I could talk to to get this organized before I show up that day. I'm from Chicago. She said I could talk to her manager. I wait on hold another 5 minutes and Julia answers. Julia says their manager is on a conference call and I should call back later. I won't be calling back later. Thanks." It's good it's a chain restaurant and the service shows that it's a chain restaurant however price is right food's pretty good and the tables are actually big enough for people to sit and dine at lol  sauce and meat. For the price it was good and the portion was large. The booths are a little tight so will sit at a table next time. The food isn't as spicey  as I like but it was ok. Their deserts look very good but didn't have room" Having said these things (and I've spent time in Southern Italy & Sicily) the end result is pretty decent. I was never ashamed of the hundreds of meals I cooked  and the waitress was top notch. But I was boiling right along with the pasta."  I got dumpling soup which was enough to get me to come back. I ended up going back with my boyfriend and getting lasagna and now we go there whenever we can afford it. (It is pretty pricey.) I can definitely say it's my favorite restaurant now. They're breadsticks are also to die for.(;"  leaving the unappetizing plate of fish in yuck sauce in front of me. It took quite a while for him to realize that he'd left it there. Finally he came and got it and finally removed the empty plates from the appetizer and salads. The manager came by and asked about the problem with the fish. When I explained Just one thing....Please turn the lights down or at least point them away from the customers. Way too bright!"  but Olive Garden is basically just Noodles & Company at 3x the cost. While I get a craving for the breadsticks and their popular salad dressing Breadsticks aren't Fazolis but I'm deeply in love with their chicken parmasean  and the chicken dumpling soup.. OMG I'm in heaven. I have been doing the soup and salad here for years. Always good and good service until this trip. The salad had lots of bread cubes and hot peppers and onions but very little lettuce. Not only that but the salad bowl was about one third full for two large guys who were hungry. The server who was new and not very good told us the salads are made in the kitchen at a set amount but could bring us more when we were done. We were done for about fifteen minutes before we saw him again. The soups were not as good either. We tried our usual two and found they were mostly beans and not much else. Our waiter kept asking us if we wanted cheese on our soup and salad even though we had told him at them beginning that neither of us wanted it. He acted like we were new customers on each salad and soup which became annoying. The Olive Garden has always been consistent and pretty good up until now but we will not be going back for a while because of this experience.  she made my friend and I feel completely unwelcome. Food came out quickly but after we were finished we waited and waited for our boxes and bills and then she walked by us and ignored our table. Not only that but when we finally got our boxes she boxed my soup and went to another table before finishing with us. Then we put our checks up and she said absolutely nothing and snatched them away. As servers we always tip 20% or more  we had a really nice friendly waitress.  So I guess it's about what you'd expect from a chain; sometimes the service is good I know it's just Olive Garden.  I know it's an evil chain restaurant and a glorified McDonalds.  I guess the thing is that it didn't used to be this way.  I think I've heard that they are under new management.  It used to be satisfying in a guilty pleasure flavor overload sort of way and it made you feel sort of ok about it because it deceived you into thinking it was real food.  But now it's not.  The seams are showing.  Quality of service and presentation has gone way down.  Corners are being cut and it shows.  You can tell it is just a fancier Fazoli's and it's really had to pay $25-$30 bucks a person for some sour wine and some microwaved Italian Velveeta in a place that smells like mildew." *If you haven't seen Conan's impression of an Italian grandfather going to Olive Garden or the Conan/Cramer interview about Olive Garden "I have tried this Olive Garden over the several years that it has been in Champaign and not once have I liked ANYTHING.  I don't get why it is so crowded all the time and people are willing to wait a long time just for a table.  The house salad is awful and so are all the soups.  I have tried several items on the menu over the years and I have always felt ripped off because it's so expensive as well as awful.  I try really  had some portabella mushrooms with it and some fresh parsley (to make it appear fresh) though my entre looked like it has been sitting under the hot lights for a good 10 minutes. The salad we got was marginal (I don't get what the big deal is) and the breadsticks seemed like they'd been sitting in the basket for 10 minutes (not so hot)- While our food  wasn't absolutely horrible Great soup and Shrimp caprice. The only reason why I go there.  the experience has always been great.  Let's not forget that every time I went they were offering complimentary wine Jeff was awesome! Made us feel very welcome.  faux-Italian food for people who've never had the real thing and don't know what they're missing." Commercial Italian - had a gift card so needed to use it.  Moderately priced value for what is presented and always something to bring home  nothing.  I had soup & Salad the other person had alfredo.  Not complicated to pour some sauce on the noodles!  Had to ask for drink & salad/bread refils.  Over 2 hours for an average meal.  It's always slow when we go "Overpriced just ""okay"" italian food.  My dinner included overcooked (mushy) pasta and overcooked shrimp...husbands chicken had gross fat and chewy sections.  Not worth the $50 price tag...should have ate at a local joint."  their smoked mozarella fonduta was pretty good. Nothing much to write about the rest of the experience."  when that finally arrived the waiter took our order (some couples combo that included an appetizer). The the size of my drink was quite small so I finished it rather quickly and waited for our server to have another ten minute personal conversation with the table next to ours meanwhile we were still waiting for our breadsticks and salad... After about ten more minutes the waiter showed up with the breadsticks and salad. At that very same time our main entree came out. We sent it back since we had not had our salad or even our appetizers yet. I then ordered another drink. Ten minutes go by while we gnawed on old cold breadsticks and soggy salad still waiting on my drink and our appetizers while intently listening to our waiter recall his hometown antics with the table next to us. Finally the drink and appetizers arrive after about five more minutes We had a gift card and we were crusing through on a road trip. Why not. Alexis was great. She was new. Thought she did well.  the customer service here is what makes this Olive Garden unmatched. I have never been greeted by a more cheerful and enthusiastic wait staff; they genuinely enjoy working there and making pleasant conversation with the diners. I always tip my servers well  and the pasta was salty too. The service and foods don't worth the price." The service was good (even though the waiter was a bit awkward). The restaurant also seems a bit worn compared to other Olive Gardens I've visited."  so far so good. Then our waitress took forever to come to our table and bring our drinks to us. We weren't feeling good about this. Then she brings out the wrong entree for me ( or she put the order in wrong) so we pointed this out. She apologized and took it back and we thought we made a mistake coming here. My fiance didn't want to eat his Take home: Kinda wish I had tipped my server more (I did a bit over 20%). He was wonderful." Very poor quality food. The only bright side of this dinner was the pleasant waitress.  Our pizza was mushy and undercooked. I ordered the chicken toscano and it tasted like straight up balsamic vinegar and the risotto was pretty bad. I couldn't eat it. The description was nothing like the actual entree.  But the staff is really nice. "Extremely poor service !  Waiter always making excuses I have been to this Olive Garden so many times over the years. And this is the first time I was disapointed. Our poor waiter was so over worked. The blond female manager had sent people home and they then got a rush. The funny as heck black bald waiter we had was the best. He handled 10 tables with grin and a joke for each. He was as fast as he could be. The food was okay. But our waier honestly made the visit as good as it was.  but this one seems to have poor service.  The only reason why I keep coming here is for the salad and breadsticks.  I went here for my birthday this past Saturday and it was probably the best service I got and it still wasn't that great.   The wait wasn't as long as usual but that could be cause it's summer.  I wish they let us enjoy our salad longer Check sunday paper for coupons. Unlimited soup and breadstick. Sign up online for the e-club for a free appetizer with the purchase of 2 entrees." I would definitely go back and would recommend to friends... just wait til about 230-300 in afternoon when the craziness dissipates :)"  a meal costs around $20 so it would behoove you to take advantage of the unlimited side items. I gotta say that the breadsticks were the best part of my meal even though it was a bit too salty." Love it!!! Never a bad experience!! We always hope manager Susan Is working!! Food is worth every penny and service is awesome!! "Ask for the peach tea.  Very good.  $12.99 for a meal there and then another meal to take home.  Average pasta with no meat  nothing special. The 2 stars is due to the area. Typically restaurants right off the interstate are in a good neighborhood  we were ready to order our appetizer. Good thing because it took 45 minutes for our smoked mozzarella to come to our table. The other guests seated around us all seemed to have better service and didnt have much of a wait. Our server ignored our requests for refills and more bread sticks and had to be reminded a couple times. Our cups sat empty for most of our meal. Not even 5 minutes after our appetizer (almost and hour into our meal)  she promptly brought them and sent the manager to our table. We explained what happened and we were understanding because the server was relatively new. The manager comped our entire meal. This is not what we were expecting nor wanting...we simply wanted refills. I really appreciate that the manager went above and beyond for the customer." "The little point of sale device on the table was a waste of space and only a way to sell game play time. They are so inn our face saying ""make sure you pay"". I hope they removed these so Olive garden will return to being a nice friendly place to eat instead of money grabber." Food was good but our waitress Keisha S. Was not friendly at all. We had to practically beg for refills. Not to mention 2 of the waiting staff members making out in front of me and other families around. Good food but lacks a family friendly environment. The food wasn't even as bad as I thought it was going to be  I ordered an extra side of shrimp that cost so much and only came with four pieces. (Waiter said it was 8 or 12) My boyfriend ordered spaghetti that had such little sauce that i asked them to recook or toss it. I am usually extremely satisfied with Champaign restaurants but this visit was pitiful."  but we were having a crap day and needed a comfortable setting where everybody could order something they would like and then turns out we had a really great experience with professional  and upbeat servers (Jade too!)."  service is nice welcoming. Foods are cheesy and tasty. You should definitely get both starter and desserts and share"  bcus we felt right at home and she was very knowledgeable about their wines and specials. She never made us feel like we were in a rush to leave. My five stars go to her! Thank you Shay for your amazing customer service! :)" "The review is only in regard to the service from the waitress Shay. At least I think her name was Shay... She was mumbling the entire time. She started off the conversation by discussing how bad her day was and that it was worse than hell. I asked for my salad with no olives My girlfriend and I always have great service and food here. A good escape. Thanks Olive Garden. 9. Bathrooms at this restroom needs attention" "I went here on a tour today with 13 children from kindergarten through 5th grade. Susan and Gino were SO incredibly amazing with the kids and the children had the time of their lives! Susan and Gino went above and beyond to make sure the kids had everything they needed and had a memorable trip to Olive Garden.  The kids loved seeing the freezer  but the unlimited crispy and buttery breadsticks facilitated our short tempered patience with the food. (Side note: the breadsticks were freaking beautiful; inside and out.) So after those 20 blissful minutes with the breadsticks  it appears things have changed since I was a child.  I was with my parents and we arrived later then our reservations had claimed we would.  The workers were very nice and said they would try to fit us in the best they could.  People kept on walking though the door with reservation after reservation.  We waited maybe 15 minutes until we were seated.  After a short time our waiter came by and rattled through the specials.  Once he left we were unsure of what he actually said.  I knew before I arrived I would order some escargot and decided to go with some kind of halibut special.  The escargot came and did not taste as great as I had remembered.  It was all right  it's an upscale feel but the prices are very low and the food is delicious."  well informed service.  Wine list is good and very reasonable -  Berringer Knights Valley Cab for $30 when it sells at costco for 20+ - great deal."  decent salads and a good wine list.  What more could you ask for?" I think this place would earn 4 stars if the prices were more reasonable. We paid 85 bucks between two of us and that included a bottle of wine for 24 bucks (their cheapest red - which I had before elsewhere and was actually very good). I think this is a good place 5 stars though for the awesome company!!!!"  but expressed concerns over the somewhat long wait time.   It was nearly 10 pm when we left given our 7:30 reservations 3CSaqRNvYg7ZdN2zwxwzVw "Christo's has been one of my favorites for many years - my dad used to take me there when I'd go to the office with him as a little kid (I think they still have some of the same waiters as back then!). It's not the finest Italian food in the city  I hope we get to explore more of the cuisine of the local hood."  none of them really beat this place in terms of authentic Italiian-American atmosphere.  The place is up there with Durant's  but also it was a winter formal night for a high school nearby so I'll let it slide."  and the service and food have both been extremely good. They have a pretty good wine list too here." I enjoy their wine selection and this summer there is a great wine special Mondays through Thursdays. I invite all my foodie friends to give it a try!" More good news!  They even do a take out.  All this and heaven too!" Great food! Great service!" The entire dining experience was very pleasant.  No complaints."  and still love the consistently GREAT food.  This was one of my favorite restaurants when I lived there.  They made perhaps the BEST cannelloni (melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness) and avgolemeno soup (only rival I've found is Taverna Tony in Malibu).  In fact "We have gone to Christos for over 15 years. It has very consistently good food and service. We have tried almost everything on the menu at one time or another and never had a meal less than great. The osso bucco and duck are favorites along with all the fish dishes. Try it "Went to Christo's past Saturday night. Waited about 15 minutes for a table despite reservation. Restaurant was very busy. As usual  the included salad was very basic but good and fresh. For the price we paid my wife and I never had such good food. We both had the dover sole and it was great with perfect service. we both can't wait to return and try the other items"  one of the best in a long time. As usual service was great and the food was outstanding  you get soup and salad with your entree and the service is stellar.  I have been going to this place for over 20 years and (God willing) will continue to go for at least another 20 years." "My wife and I came for restaurant week and were very impressed. THe lobster and shrimp ravioli was amazing. THe house ""red"" was an OK chianti and the flan was top notch! The bruschetta with goat cheese might have been my favorite  but a nice tank top. When I got my salad I was amazed that such a ""high class"" and ""must visit"" restaurant would serve a skimpy salad with iceberg lettuce. At lease when I go to Red Lobster (yikes)  I know what to expect. Needless to say  I would not return to this restaurant nor recommend it. Small tables and cramped. The waiter spoke so fast that we had to have him repeat the specials three times. He served us so fast that I got the feeling he really didn't want us there! We felt uncomfortable even asking him questions and pointing out our issues with one of the entrees. I had the veal piccata and it was perfect! The wine was excellent Christos is ny favorite."  and you also get a soup and/or salad (depending on lunch or dinner). The service is good too. Will definitely return!" I could not hear any more. Hopefully the owner reads this and make this right. I am not seeking anything free I just don't want this to happen to anyone else ... EVER AGAIN" "I have been coming here for years and the quality of the food and service have been consistently 5-star quality every time I dine here. I highly recommend the halibut if you're in Phoenix and you want a good meal "The shrimp risotto is delish. The staff is super friendly and very accommodating. Christos is a ""must do"" for first timers....you'll be hooked." My new place for Italian! Service was over the top and the food was excellent! Would recommend to anyone  and super tasty. The Chilean Sea Bass was perfectly prepared. We had the parisian scallops for an appetizer. DELISH!! And unique. Our service was impeccable. We enjoyed our meal from start to finish."  that's not a problem. They are very accommodating and will go above and beyond to make sure your experience is top notch."  sparkling clean restroom.  If we lived in Phoenix  cesar: ditto. wine list more than adequate and the prices are better than most other places anywhere near this quality! go -- and you'll know!"  I'll give them that. I suppose I came away with the thought that I'd rather have lousy service and good to great food than great service and lousy food. Maybe I should have tried one of the 3  and waiters that are good at their jobs. It seems other reviewers didn't enjoy themselves "The most dependable upscale restaurant I know in Phoenix. First-rate dishes 3CSaqRNvYg7ZdN2zwxwzVw We've already decided to come back again....the problem is who do we want to come with us that we can introduce them to this little jem." I go  to Christo's about 3 times a year.  This place is great.  The food and service are well above standard.  They really take care of you. "Christos is a family-owned Italian restaurant that has been around for more than 30 years. Given that it is still crowded for lunch and dinner most days   I hope that Christo would read  these reviews him self so he knows what goes on when he""s not around.  I will never return or refer anyone and will make sure to let everyone know how rude u employees are specially bartender Stephanie...."  the soup has been a lemon bisque. Honestly with a loaf of bread the soup could easily be served as it's own meal. Now this isn't a trendy Italian place. In fact if you're under 50 you'll probably feel like a youngster here but that's always what I love about it. You will feel like you walked into a different era and everyone seems like a familiar regular."  just right for the strictly senior citizen clientele. My husband had a pasta with Italian sausage and chicken in a marinara sauce. The chunks of canned tomatoes were unappetizing. The one star is awarded for the only good item we ate  the food was great and we will definitely be back." The food here was excellent. ! The service was OK as it was around dinnertime. We did not like the fact that we had to wait for a menu after we were seated. "Very good restaurant and staff. Low prices and moderate 1st time and loved it ! Delicious and fresh  food. Pasta fantasia was perfect and so was the soup and salad before. Dinner was great and so was dessert. Intimate and nice setting at a perfect price. Went for dining out for life event and loved the food and service. nice family owned atmosphere. treat you like you matter. food was cooked to perfection. "We hadn't eaten at Christo's in years.  For my birthday my husband decided to surprise me with a reservation.  Things started poorly.  The hostess walked us towards a table and then pointed. So we sat.  A bus boy brought water but we still sat and waited.  Finally a waiter came and asked us if we wanted drinks.  Then he came back with menus.  He rattled off a long list of specials.  We both decided to try one of the specials.  I really prefer it when the specials are printed out so you can see the details.  I also think to make them "" special"" there should only be a few.  Once our order was placed the rush seemed to be on.  Soup appeared. Then salad. But before I had even finished my salad my Chilean sea bass was in front of me.  I wished I had known the 2 small rectangles of fish were going to be swimming in tomatoes.  I should have asked more questions. The flavor of the sea bass was lost in the tomatoes.  My husband was delighted at what his chicken turned out to be.  We shared a complimentary birthday dessert and left.  There was no one at the  door as we left to thank us or say good bye.  Yes the prices are very reasonable but the food and ambiance are nothing special." I would definitely recommend it but I would try a different main course item." The atmosphere is very outdated - but their demographics are blue hairs  so maybe they're just looking to appeal to the old school crowd.  I'm not opposed to old world recipes as long as they're done well.  From my multiple visits here I find their cuisine adequate  found the atmosphere to be very family and friendly. The meatballs were their lunch special and I must say they were on point. Very tender meat and the pasta was great. Comes with bread and salad and I paid under 10 + tip because the service was great."  will melt away when you take that first bite.  It won't be your last." The service was super excellent...and darn! but I am having a really hard time finding many things not to like at Christo's.  I like the place.  I plan to go back....soon." Looking for a new spot down town try this place service was excellent food if possible even better I am a former catering chef and my wife is a personal chef so when we go out we are very picky and critical but we honestly have not one comp lainteverything from the time you enter the place until you leave is on point no wonder they've been around for 28 years  our waiter was Scott and very pleasant and a real pro the wine list is great and with a happy hour daily you can't go wrong strongly recommend that you try this spot asap Just had the most delightful dinner at Christo's!  I found them to be so accommodating and friendly. They made me a special salad with blackened salmon to my specifications. Delicious! Thank you Stephanie! Tonight I met 20 new Meetup friends at Christos for dinner.  What a great experience.  It's always challenging for a restaurant to handle large groups - but especially large groups with individual checks.  Our Service Team was outstanding and it was seamless that they were handling such a large group.  I had the cioppino with a variety of seafood that was clearly fresh and yummy.  The complimentary soup and bread were memorable on their own.  The only disappointment was the extremely strong fresh pepper on the salad.  The lemon cake...to die for.  Dinner was delizioso. This   was the place to go for Italian food. The place was packed.  Service was very slow . Great bread but they did not  refill my drinks during 2 and half hours we were there. I had shrimp spicy marinara ssuce. The dinner took over 30 minutes . Still inexcusable.  On our bill we we charged for an extra meal again inexcusable . The amount of pasta was small and overcooked and the sauce was too thick. Too many mistakes for a well known restaurant I would definitely recommend making a reservation - I didn't see one empty table the whole time we were there!"  etcetera. I'm from Tuscany so our cuisine is totally different from Southern Italy or even Rome. One ""Italian"" restaurant cannot cook well all the regional dishes  it came with a side of Gnocchi pasta! EXCELLENT! I can not remember for the life of me what my dad ordered but I know he liked it! Both of my parents are 100 percent Italian and are VERY picky on Italian food! They both were very pleased with Christo's! The setting is very old school Phoenix as well! The waiters all seemed to have a few regulars they were helping I tried this place for take out today. I am a short walk away. I found on yelp some pretty good reviews and decided to try it. I had the mussels and a simple salad and was pleasantly surprised! The interior is very nice and welcoming. I could imagine wanting to come here for a romantic dinner. Friendly people too. food was great!!! service was wonderful! small little place with a old school feel but food was amazing along with some of the best service and timing on food was great.  and the meals!  So good!  I basically licked the marinara off the plate.  The prices were out of this world and the food far surpassed my expectations.  I will definitely coming back here!"  and Christo's Ristorante has not disappointed. I had the calamari as an appetizer and the chicken limon as my entree. Both were very delicious. The meal also included soup and salad. I was so stuffed This is my favorite restaurant in Arizona. The food is always delicious and the price is reasonable. My favorite dish is the eggplant Parmesan. We HIGHLY recommend Christo's ... you will never be disappointed...best to make a reservation...many others love this place too!"  which was one of the specials.  It was excellent!  I also had a Greek salad that was almost a meal itself.  I was so stuffed I didn't have room for dessert.  I'll be sure to save room next time." Wonderful ambience and service and very reasonably priced. Very friendly servers and family owned!! Had wonderful calamari as an appetizer!! Highly recommended!! Amazingly delicious Dirty Martini's tonight!!! Hadnt been here in a few years and had lunch here yesterday. It was great! I brought a friend that had never been. She LOVED it. The service was great and the food was fabulous! This is the neighborhood classic. The food never disappoints and the service is excellent. They have amazing weekly specials and their happy hour is great. The only Italian place we go to! "I've raved about this classic restaurant before but because I recently made the mistake of visiting a faux Italian chain in town and had such a horrible experience Went for dinner last night after hearing great things about it. It's was okay. Parking was horrid and food was just okay not wonderful. The soup was wonderful best part of the meal. I might return Best Italian food ever... Love the chicken piccata. I don't leave Phoenix without stopping here. Went here last night with a group for a friend's birthday. Never been before but will definitely be back in the future. Service was on par. Food was incredibly insanely delicious. I had the Chilean Sea Bass. Real not fake like some other establishments. It was probably the best I've ever had. Ever. Enjoyed some Black Sambucca after the meal. It was a great evening with good friends! We ate at Cristo's tonight and had the best Italian dinner ever.  In addition  to the fine food we had great service.....thanks to AJ and Louis.  We are on vacation and will definitely eat there again and recommend to others. It was a great evening.  since the authentic Italian culture is based on welcoming and well-mannered people. Food was outstanding as well. I had the mozzarella caprese followed by the special of the day: halibut piccata. But what really impressed me was the dessert: limoncello cake!!! It's not like the usual American cakes with tons of sugar and frosting...this cake was at the 'right degree' of sweetness who had no regard for anyone else in the restaurant." Come bring some family drama with some calamari "Service was astounding and the food was top notch.  Great suggestions from the server and the ambiance was great  reminiscent of an east coast establishment.   Local diners.  Solid go to for dinner.  Not fine dining grate place to come for dinner siting inside the bar from what I exsperince the bar tender aj was wonderful she was on top of everything it was my first time there she suggested    some options I tried them and they were really good I had the sea food dish that was sesame the snails were good but not the best they had a grate drink section  the crowd is way older then me but there cool to talk to they are all welcoming I hope for the great old Christo's service & quality.  We'll see?" Tried the restaurant  a year later . Service  was better. Place was packed with a waiting list . Again my waiter forgot my drink . Great bread . I had the osobuco  .  The order was larger and extremely  tender I would highly recommend  . The fresh spinach with garlic was great . Big improvement  .  pleasant environment and reasonable pricing. The Dover sole was excellent and our dinner companion said he had never had better sea bass." That's a bargain for this kind of food in this kind of atmosphere with this kind of service!" If you haven't been there yet These guys do it right; this is a great date night spot with an awesome wine list and a menu prepared totally in-house.  Service can't be beat! I will be back for my garlic fix!!" Excellent meal reminded me of a small family restaurant back home from the decor to the attentive staff to even the regular patrons. My dad had pasta with his fish and someone who doesn't really like pasta loved his and wanted for more. Mom had veal and enjoyed it while I had scallops. I loved the quantity and cooking of those scallops and would go back for more. The winner for dessert was the to die for mousse! Will be back but a must for reservations and early for parking as it was limited especially for handicapped. Lastly no booths available so make sure you can sir at the table which were actually comfortable for someone that normally needs a booth.  he does a very good job being rude and has a very high sense of entitlement. Their Happy Hour is wonderful because of their bartender AJ as she understands how to treat people and make them feel welcome. The rest of the staff (mainly) the smug manager need to get over themselves. As  and one picky diner asked for a very simply prepared piece of fish with no oil or butter and she was very pleased.  The waitress came to check that it was just right and it was. All entrees are served with a delicious soup and small dinner salad. Yes "Grab your honey and some pals...Christo's Italian Ristorante is ""Molto bene""! You will not be disappointed.  I had the special   over perfectly cooked pasta. My date had a dish with veggies. She said they needed another minute or so. They were too tough to eat. The cannoli was incredible! I haven't had a real one in almost 2 decades. My girl had a piece of cheesecake. It was also delicious Todd was our server.  He was very pleasant but almost too efficient...he dashed off more than once before catching our wine selection or our dessert orders.  The pace of our meal was also a tiny bit rushed.  That may be what the local area demands but I prefer a leisurely pace.  These two small negatives do not detract from a five star dining experience.  Try Christo's if you want good  relaxing atmosphere.  Great food.  Chicken parmesan and chicken Genovese.  Yum." A good place to eat if you live near but I wonder if they will still be around years from now."  the sauce on the scampi and zucchini was made for scooping up with the hot bread for sure.  One person at our table had the goat cheese bruschetta and the goat cheese was delicious.  For the main entree 2  out of the 4 got the squid ink lobster ravioli and shrimp dish Excellent Restaurant Week value even on Saturday night! Really good food and service and a nice glass of wine as well. Not a bad thing to say...we'll be back! "Made reservations for 7:00 tonight and let them know it was a birthday celebration for my husband.  We arrived a bit early and sat in the bar and met our sons there.  We were brought to our table.  The waiter seemed a bit scatterbrained Mostly clientele over 60 years of age" Not a pleasant experience after the drive."  and the sandwiches are very good.  Not your plain The place is pretty good for escaping a bad day.  You can sit upstairs with your sandwich and a book and sip iced tea until you're ready to go out and face the world again.  I also went on a pretty reasonable date there once.  We sat outside on the upper porch and talked until the place was closing."  and if you go during the lunch hour any day of the week (including weekends) No worries - The Duck is always good."  though the lunch line can be a little menacing (don't expect a quick meal)." This is a great place to grab a handmade sandwitch and snoop threw the store while you wait!"  but that's probably best since I would be here all the time for a sammie and some wine come happy hour. Is it 4 pm yet?" "I have been coming here since I was a little kid.  I have always loved Duck and Decanter... can't believe it has taken me this long to write a review.    I usually always get the same thing... albacore tuna on ciabatta bread with avocado and sharp cheddar.  It is the best!  This time I decided to try something new... I got one of their specialty sandwiches called the Genoa.  It had Genoa salami   artisanal cheeses and more! I was amused that they take your lunch order on a brown bag and put your lunch in it. Had an excellent roast beef sandwich and sat out front (note for summer: they only have outdoor seating). Clean -They do not deliver." This is an awesome lunch stop for those on a budget and they happen to stock a respectable beer selection to boot.  Mmmm They also have the BEST horseradish in the world.  If you like hot  but I nice place to  eat."  and the sometimes ""airy"" staff behind the counters.  But all in all though we had a great time and will definitely be going again soon." A note to those parking here. The spots for customers is between the office building and the parking structure just south of the building." The cheese plate will leave you speechless along with a great vino."  and we all ordered drinks from the supremely affable bartender. There's probably 100 different types of beers/wines here...I didn't have time to browse all the gourmet groceries...it was an ideal marriage of tasty food and atmosphere this last day of April. I guess I'll go inside next time I'm here; it's about to get so hot! Edit: they tell me they have misters too The location is a bit hidden and the patios somewhat awkward. Parking is disappointing. But this is compared to the pre-freeway  it had a strange taste to it - like it was watery or something. the pickle was not very good either. if this review were just for the sandwich it would be four stars. the lackluster potato salad and pickle aren't enough to stop me from coming back to the duck to savor the wide variety of other treats this place has to offer The Duck will forever be a place I like to enjoy sitting outside with either an iced tea or a glass of wine with friends n  family and nosh on some yummy food."  this in it self is kind of unusual as I can more than likely wait until the end of the day before I have to eat. Plus the fact I have enough fat on me to last a few months I would not be starving to death any time soon if I missed a meal or three. So I asked Bruce  today that changed.  I had the brie/prosciutto sandwich and I the fiesta salad. Both were great and I thought a great price for what you got.  The sandwich was very big. The salad was huge with a huge scoop of chili and a lot of avocado.  Very This is not a place for those individuals looking for a fancy dancy sandwich. This is a place to have fun And if you can figure out what city the place reminds you of  hearty bread and I love that pine nuts are in the veggie. One of the best lunch spots ever!" Sitting outside at night with a wonderful sandwich in this strangely out of place shop is an opportunity not to be missed.  But take care to go there when you have some time to really savor the place.  Like the wine I still have been here many times and will come back.  I like the atmosphere here and makes me feel like I'm not in Phoenix.  I recommend this place  best in the valley...but prices are still too high!  Yet  sandwich shop and gathering of just plain great folks. Oh yeah and Beverly Kidd was great fun to be with and eat with.. she also seemed to like the Chocolate Surprise cake I got for her.... opppss was that suppose to be kept quite?" Overall four stars.  Pretty good happy hour specials and a nice setting.  Bet this would be a pretty great place to go in the evenings when it's a tad warmer." When I am in town again I want to return to try another yumfest sandwich. I love em!!" HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A I am so happy to go someplace and get EXACTLY what i want and order.  Cucumbers?  Sure!  Many and fresh.  Avocado?  Sure!  Lots and fresh.  Turkey?  Lots and fresh.  Iced tea?  Which flavor?  And a pickle and a mint in the bag.  Super. jOs47GO0b7iPsbYZe-lLSQ Friendly staff and an interesting selection of gourmet items Nice place to catch up with your girlfriends over glasses (and more glasses) of wine. Patio Platter on the Patio...must I say more?  must either beat the lunch crowd or postpone your visit until after the lunch hour This is not your average place to grab a bite to eat--highly recommend!!" The service was very friendly but I took a long while to get our sandwiches.  There must have been a large order ahead of us or something because there weren't many people in the place.  I couldn't imagine going here on a weekday during the  lunch rush because the line would likely be out the door and would take forever to get your food.  Luckily for me I went on a hot Sunday afternoon." It is a very unique place and I have never had a bad experience." They also have good fresh pastas you can get for sides and cake and pie slices for desert." "Have enjoyed this spot for years but what has happened to Camelback store? Sandwiches and friendly staff still good as ever but during two-three visits over past year Excellent sandwiches.  Avocado on toasted sourdough was the best.  Must have had two whole avocados on the sandwich! My overall recommendation: just go across the parking lot to Einstein's."  prompt service. Clean tables. Great atmosphere!  The only real problem is your wallet is going to be much """The Duck"" has been a regular haunt for me as long as I can remember. Even as a child I loved going to the Duck & Decanter. The sandwiches are absolutely delish as well as original. If you're not feeling adventurous though  call ahead and place an order to pick up because it can get pretty busy during lunch time. They also deliver!" I love this place so much. Delicious and fun to be at.  I will and eat some where else first."  cuter restaurant.  It holds a lot of tcotchkes and imported items.  The sandwiches are pricey but delicious and come with a pickle.  Worth a visit.  (the downtown location doesn't have nearly as much charm)  Stick with ordered custom sandwiches and not the sandwich trays which are just your typical roast beef HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A  it doesn't. I can make the same sandwiches are home. Honestly.. they're pretty standard. Way overpriced and the gift shop is so crammed with stuff it's overwhelming and annoying." I can't forget the nice wine menu here as well.  What a great place to go on the weekends and relax." Cheese lovers delight!!!"  to handmade cards and organic rices. Great place overall and I just can't wait to introduce someone to it so they can enjoy it as much as I have."  but there were a ton of veggies. I didn't feel like I was gipped at all. Most sandwich places will give you the flattest sandwich possible. But this one was large and in charge. I got full half way through and still ate the whole thing because of how good it tasted. I think the value for a sandwich like this is just about the same as every other sandwich shop I have had that has a vegetarian option. It was $7  you'll get a tasty sandwich and the upstairs area is a nice quiet place to talk with your friends during a meal.  If you're looking for a bargain Comeon...get over yourself D&D." I am partial to the swiss cheese because I have not been able to find cheese like that anywhere else  perfect for a luncheon with friends. The iced coffee is good and so are their sandwiches." Tasty local grub. Not cheap but fresh and delicious. "I have such mixed flippie floppie feelings for D&D. I absolutely LOVE the selection of loose teas (black currant is number one good). The market area has a ton of neat little knickknacks When I go I usually order the Avacado Sandwich or the Briesciutto."  that place needs a serious dusting. Yuck." Toast the bread and shoot the breeze for a great experience!"  check out the cool (unique!) stuff they carry!  A great place to pick up souveniers for visitors or a gift for a friend.  The patio (in nice weather) is very nice with wonderful mature trees I cant wait to go back!"  and you can sit either outside or upstairs if you want to 'dine-in'."  the sandwiches are not cheap and they don't give you much for your $."  it didn't last very long and wasn't nearly as good as it was in the restaurant."  but this one is better.  That one caters more to those that need something to go quickly!" I have been here a ton of times and the sandwiches are always great. The have a lovely little market as well and the patio is the best. On Sunday afternoons they have live music on the patio. I stopped by here for the Local First event and it was really impressive!  There was a beer tasting going on on the patio of the bar and samples of cheese and tea provided for free."  so we couldn't also get lunch on the spot and had to go elsewhere for a full meal. I like this event as a way to try food samples and explore potential places to visit in the future."  but I'm sure its good too. I know this place has been around for a long time and I have no idea what it tasted like before Tuna pita pockets are the best. Great place for food!!!!! I've never been disappointed here. "Went here for a friends birthday. They have a nice outside patio. That you can reserve. Great options for sandwiches & wine. I absolutely love these types of places where it's a deli but also a great little shop with crazy jams  it was awkward and a bit uncomfortable inside.  There is no flow.  The dry goods were exceptionally overpriced ($5.39 for a box of Carr's crackers?!).  I decided to order a little lunch and explore.  There is no love lost between customers and employees here.  I ordered a sandwich and the order taker assumed I was done.  I then asked for a side and he offered if I would like a drink.  He provided me with a large styrofoam cup.  If I hadn't already explored the interior before ordering  so be sure to check the hours before you stop by."  some deli meat and some dijon mustard at any grocery store and make a comparable sandwich?  I am a long time Phoenix resident  an eclectic wine offering and top-notch service make this place my new favorite Valley staple. Great for events! Keep them in mind for your baby shower/bar mitzvah/engagement party etc."  but did so with a sad heart. Everything looked wonderful. My friend and I had a great lunch and leisurely talked for hours. No wait staff came to give us dirty looks or cleared our plates as we took our last bites. It was a good experience and I will definitely come again. Next time I will eat some sweets I have been coming to the Duck for over 20 years and highly recommend it. Watch out for the weekly lunch rush though. It gets extremely busy and problematic if you have somewhere to be." "The cheese selection is very large and reasonably priced for the kinds of cheese available. That is not to say that duck and decanter is cheap. I prefer the staff at the north central location over this location. Duck and Decanter almost has a monopoly on unique cheeses ENJOY EVERYONE!!!!!!!" Duck and Decanter is truly a great place to get a great quality sandwich and spend some quality time with the family." "I love the happy hour on Fridays with live music. Usually take friends here and always have a great time. Very well staffed  you should definitely stop by Duck & Decanter. This is one of the best sandwich places in Phoenix!" This place had me grinning ear to ear like a fool.  Makes me happy and i can't wait to go back!" Food quality was ok - the bread was nothing to write home about (and is that not what makes a sammie?) - veggies were fresh and deli meat was meh.  Sorry - I wanted to love it -"  had more great sandwiches.  It's so easy to get a really layered and yummy vegetarian sandwich with great side treats.  And the meat-a-tarians in the family loved their sandwiches too!" This is no ordinary deli. My mom and my grandfather & I used to have lunch here all the time when I was a little girl. I'm glad to see that it's still the same and just as good as I remember it to be. It has a certain homey feeling to it. The sandwiches are amazing! The smoked turkey is still my favorite.  The outside patio is the best place to enjoy your lunch when the weather is lovely.  This is a real Phoenix treasure. You need to try it. Enough said. "This is one of the best places to get a deli sandwich. They are nice and piled high on the freshest bread. You get to choose what goes on your sandwich. There are a lot of side items to choose from as well like potato salad   we will give it another shot.  I want to buy some goodies in there."  as well as a generous helping of salad also with a dill pickle on the side and a taffy in a brown paper bag. Totaling a little over $4.50. Then I made my way over to the bar area and got a 12oz craft beer for their happy hour special of $3.00. So I basically got a generous quality lunch that left me stuffed and satisfied for $8.41 total. I was very impressed with everything and very much look forward to going back and eating there again." "It's sort of sad to live in Arizona your whole life and then out of nowhere get asked to meet someone at ""duck and decanter"" and... Not knowing what they're talking about. I'm pretty sure my friends almost disowned me when they found out I was a ""duck and decanter VIRGIN!"" Yeah yeah. I came here on a Sunday and instantly fell in love with all the knickknacks and large variety of rootbeer. This place is now a staple when I want to meet someone in that area of town. Oh Veggie Sandwich = Vegetarian heaven!  SO fresh and I actually ate the entire sandwich and that is RARE!  Tea is fresh and I loved everything about this place!  one of my new favorites! One of my favorite places now!  Excellent albacore tuna and a wonderful selection of wine. Could offer high end wines at a more appealing price and may sell more  looks like mostly local companies. I bought a bottle jalapeno and onion barbecue sauce which turned out to be delicious. I'd like to think I'll do some of my shopping here if I ever get around to cooking my own food."  don't forget to sign up on their website for the kids club - the kids get to pick an item out of the Treasure Chest on each visit.  Just another cheap little trinket to step on late at night or get lost in the couch "Last time I visited Duck & Decanter I was very disappointed. I have been visiting this place since high school and it has always been great but for some reason this time everything was off. My sandwich bread was hard and inedible We found another new go-to-spot for lunch!" Really Fresh ingredients. I went with the Duckling which had a very unique but pleasantly great taste. I will absolutely go back. There are too many places in this area to mess up that bad on a simple sandwich order to go back and try it again." This is a wonderful deli. It's the only place I've found that has edible gluten-free bread. The food is always delicious and the staff gives good small town friendly service. They truly appreciate their customers and take pride in their work. There are several more options that are fantastic but too many to name. Come check this place out and sit upstairs to see some local art or come on in when they have live music (Fridays I think). This is a great place to take out of towners."  and a great deli counter selection! They have a wine cellar with a great selection (not a HUGE selection) of hand picked great wine. Seating is outdoor  I love you too. I was just trying to be a big man in front of my friends. Your sandwiches are great."  the name is unusual. The restaurant is tucked away and has trees surrounding the building. It almost feels like you're away from Arizona. The place is set up like a deli but also like a small store and a coffee bar and an art gallery and a patio space...super unique. I love the selection of foods and beverages. Ordering is simple (that is when you know what you want) and you have a chance to browse through the aisles as you wait for your order. They also have a loft space upstairs to enjoy your food but there's seating downstairs and outside on multiple patios. Perfect place for a weekday lunch or a brunch with your friends." "Food was good but won't be going there again. My friend and I had our 3 little kids with us (two of them only a year old). The babies were a bit fussy but not being out of control  imported treats and gift ideas I find in the little shop. You can't go wrong with the Duck "I was very shocked to see that my review from yesterday had been hidden! What is the point of this website if people can't write their opinion? Obviously whoever is in charge of this restaurant's yelp site didn't want people to see how POORLY my children and I were treated at this establishment. A friend of mine and our 3 little boys (two of them babies) came into eat yesterday when a manager came to us and told us we needed to quiet it down. It was quite ridiculous and offensive  but friends tell me that the beer selection is also stellar. Staff is always friendly. Can't wait for the summer to be over and to enjoy a leisurely afternoon on their patio again." My favorite sandwich in the world. Been eating here since I was 2 and I will never get tired or sick of it. Duck and decanter holds a special place in my heart. There is nothing bad about this place :). Omg this place is so cute I love it so much. There place makes me feel like I'm out at California in the red woods or something eating amazing sandwiches. I had there ham egg and cheese sandwich was like the best ever I so am coming back I love it love it love it.  enjoy music on the patio as you nosh and share a drink. Highly recommend the roast beef on marble rye or any of their pocket pitas."  but the Duck's overall mellow environment somehow soothes me to the point that I find myself actually enjoying the presence of the mini-humans. And if I enjoy anywhere enough to actually consider motherhood  live music...add a glass of wine and it's casual and super relaxed :-)" This place has the best sandwiches. And they've been consistently great every time I have eaten here in the past 25 years.  vegetation or flowers. Felt like we were sitting on a concrete slab in the shopping center parking lot.  Also looked a bit trashy with several dirty tables left unattended. Ambiance a big Zero.  After about 25 mins of waiting outside at the table the rest of my party came out with brown paper bags and drink cups.  In that amount of time we could of had a fabulous sit down and served lunch at one of the many great cafs in the neighborhood. They said it was busy ordering the food and only two persons working behind the line taking orders.  On a busy Sunday afternoon this is unacceptable. I ordered a BLT on sourdough bread with a side of coleslaw.  For almost $8.00 per sandwich they could afford to be a little less chinsy with them. The sourdough bread was just cheap white bread that you can buy at the grocery for 99 cents per loaf.  There were exactly 2 slices of over cooked bacon with a piece of brown wilted lettuce on mayo.  The only ingredient they were generous with was the whole tomato that was sliced and piled on the sandwich to make it appear that it was a heartier sandwich.  I didn't order a big fat tomato and mayo sandwich. Shame on you Duck and Decenter.  My side of coleslaw was practically inedible.  Coleslaw swimming in watered down slaw sauce (more like mayonnaise and warm milk) was not at all tasty.  Another person in my party ordered an over priced spinach salad with barely any spinach.  She never told them when ordering yo hold the spinach. Really people!!!! Also she had to wait another 25 mins to get her ice tea because she was told that they had run out. Couldn't they have told her when she ordered it and let her make a different drink choice.  While eating our less than acceptable meal a man was playing the guitar and singing.  He sounded okay but his volume was way way to loud. We literally could not even coo in ate with each other being at least 50 feet away from him.  This total experience at the Duck and Decanter left a bitter taste in my mouth and not just from the awful food. We will never be back.  They can keep their lousy service  so loud and somewhat abrasive when the singer talked to the audience. I couldn't hear or talk to the person sitting right next to me.   This was the 29th and a Sunday brunch.  Disappointed  it made up in taste! This tightly rolled burrito was bursting with flavor and the crispy delicious bacon was a constant exclamation point throughout the burrito. Easily one of my top 3 best breakfast burritos I have ever had. Ever. I look forward to grinding through another one of those bad-boys out on that awesome patio in the near near future." HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A  but I really can't wait to go back and try it again.  Once I've had the option to try other things and get a better feel for the place  the outdoor space was very family friendly and multi-generational. If you're in the neighborhood check it out!"  which was delicious and satisfying. We liked the shop inside and had fun looking at everything and smelling the different teas and coffees sold there. I also really liked how they were pet friendly with biscuits and water bowls outside. We cannot wait to go back!" Great place for lunch!  There is a cool market with wines and foods that are a true treat.  This place is old Phoenix but still hitting it out of the park for lunch.  I would love to come back off of the clock to have wine and access tot ehir menu off the cloce.  I look forward to my next trip back. I've only had lunch here but now that Pugize's is closed this is the only place I order a sandwich! It's veggies seem more fresh and crisp and as always the meats are great! I love their selection of tea. In the winter I love to sit outside. They have a very nice patio. This is just a nice place to have lunch!  one visit does not make a complete story.  Heat does crazy things to people and it was a CRAZY hot day.  Overall  the wine bar/pub area is kind of a locals secret getaway with a huge wine cellar and some tasty beers on tap--especially during fall patio time.  If you're ready for a sandwich that is a cut above your standard deli chain  it is classic Phoenix! The sandwiches are artfully made to your exact specifications and I love how you can taste every ingredient in every bite. That is their standard of tasty quality! My fave is Where's the Beef with a portion of turkey Was a bummer to see that my hot food was microwaved in front of me.  Aside from that their cold sandwiches and wraps are tasty  the selection and service is wonderful!"  and great food too.  The Mexicana coffee here is my personal favorite.  Breakfast burritos are good too.  This location seems to have a lot of competition in the area (McDonalds Very delicious sandwich. Great Wine Collection and they have live music on the weekends. I will definitely be back. Oh - and they put your sandwich in a bag that has ""the nooner"" printed on it.  Ha.  Nooner." Love the honey glazed ham pocket sandwich. It's a must try. They also have a great selection of teas to choose from. I personally love the cherry and blueberry.  but you can order ahead for pickup.  Its great to see this valley gem thrive and still stay true to its roots as long as it has.  Hopefully Randy's family will continue the business long enough for me to take my own kids here one day." HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A  regular sandwich prices around around 7-8 (still cheap) So far I've had the honey ham on sourdough and the mini genoa salami sandwhich. The sourdough bread here is super soft and wonderful with a nice chewy crust. Defintely recommend it!"  everyone is in the holiday spirit and couldn't ask for a better time. In my opinion they have one of the best reuben's in town." Highly recommend to all!"  I moved and am now super close! Now I can go all the time! They have free wifi that works fast! Coffee drinks I still need to try and lots to look at while waiting for my sandwich. What sandwich is my favorite? The Hot One! It has succulent shredded beef and horse radish. I give them 5 quacks! (Or stars). Love the Duck!" Yep this Duck & Decanter is becoming a favorite of mine. I'm sure I'll be back in no time." HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A One of my favorites! Every time I land in Phoenix I head straight to the place. Smokey Forest Ham on Croissant #todiefor Honest sandwiches with fresh ingredients. The duck sandwich with spring salad was fantastic. There is a lovely patio and plenty of indoor seating as well. The price is a bit high for a sandwich though.  lettuce and cheese. The cheese and bread were quite good and everything else was average. The amount of ham/meat compared to the amount of every other ingredients was sub-par.  All in all Stopped by to try it out after hearing about it from a friend. I tried the Trail Blazer on a wheat wrap with turkey. I was excited by the trail mix and it didn't disappoint. I usually hate cream cheese but I loved this wrap! Definitely would recommend the variety of teas they have i got the Pomegranate Mojito tea that they had ready and it s perfect for this hot day. The best made order sandwiches in town. My personal favorite is albacore on multigrain bread. Delicious food and drinks. This place is always busy so it takes a while to get your food. But it's worth the wait. The Avocado sandwich is yummy for my fellow vegetarians! They also have a gluten free bread option. And you can have as many pickle spears as you'd like which I Iove! The tea selection is great too! HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A Great sandwiches and lots of choices for the iced tea enthusiast. My favorite sandwich is the tuna albacore on dark rye. Delicious! Also: Patio is dog friendly." "One of my favorite places in the whole city. The prices are a little high This place is awesome! One Hell of a sandwich shop...... Not scared to pile the meat high.... And all the free pickle spears that you can eat..... I reached my breaking point and called asking to speak with a manager. I gave her an in-depth explanation of the situation just as mentioned above and asked if it'd be possible to be refunded for today's food and was told that she'd need to look more seriously into the matter and call me back the next day to let me know what she'd be able to do for me. I'm still waiting to hear from her I got a turkey and cheese sammi and soup. It was amazing. I'll for sure be going back to have more :) Great food & laid back atmosphere. The Fiery Italian(cold) & The D.A.M. Sandwich(hot) are delicious! Good selections of teas & sweet treats. "The food is really good and they have lots of options available for you to customize your order.  The prices are high compared to other sandwich shops which will deter me from visiting frequently. Overall it is a good experience "I had the the chicken curry in a croissant. Very yummy. They also carry Grapefruit with Tupelo Honey candies in a tin Thanks guys for being so great." "I'm a little late for National Sandwich Day but this literally IS my favorite sandwich place in the Valley! It has been around for YEARS and is truly a Phoenix gem. (I have been coming here since I was a little girl!) From their amazing bread to imported meats and cheeses Tried it again. Still not good. Great service! Cute store. Sandwich just not good. I tried the tuna on white rye. First of all not sure why he recommended that for a to go and eat in the car option. Not easy... But the flavors were just not there. Oh well. "I come here way too often (at least once a week) and have only ever gotten one thing - the curry chicken salad. It is seriously the best thing ever. It's a lot more than just a restaurant  and even a coffee bar. They also sell a lot of local products. The staff is some of the nicest people ever. They also have an amazing selection of desserts and more than enough seating. You have to check out their cheese plate... It's great for sharing with a group of friends. The quality of the products they have  the ability to order a sandwich EXACTLY like I want it and that they have both wine and live music. Upstairs is a nice variety of seating where it is quiet enough to hold a small meeting or read or just enjoy conversation with a friend. The large windows let in plenty of day light and the nature photos on the walls are just spectacular. If you have a need for a kitchen gadget or a small gift  i really enjoy the people who work there. I have been working near by for the past year and every time i go in i am greeted by everyone! Everyone is so warm and welcoming! It keeps me coming back and taking my friends. Once they messed up an order and the next time i went in they had a free sandwich waiting for me! Everyone knows my name and i feel more than just a customer. On that note  but not worth the price. Be prepared to also be judged by a snarky vegan employee for ordering meat on your sandwich. Also  and we were able to reserve the smaller patio for the whole family to have a private lunch. It was very personal  visiting with friends and listening to great live music. (Music on the weekends and sometimes Friday evenings). This is my all time favorite place. I feel like I have spent nearly half my life here... When I lived out of town for a time and would either do a walk or just wanted to celebrate a good day with friends I sad that Duck wasn't right down the street. Check out the downtown location as well!" "Overpriced - go to Trader Joe's across the street if you're looking for any deli. I love walking into new places and this one was packed even though it was right after lunch. The sandwiches are good  but since I've cut GMO out of my nutrition the only choice is two kinds of chips .so im hungry Genoa salami sandwich was incredible- make sure to keep on that herb butter spread. Totally amazing! Definitely stop by! I will be a regular at this wonderful place :)"  but it felt more like I was eating a jelly sandwich because it was too sweet. I could only finish half my sandwich and tossed the rest. I loved the outdoor patio and the fact that they're dog friendly They have a huge variety  of sandwiches.  Some very unusual.  Their meats and bread are very fresh . I like their french bread . Stay away from their fruit bowl but they do have good soups I have been coming here for 20 plus years and this is the best sandwich place in town! You have to try where is the beef! I love love love this sandwich. Everything is always fresh and their service is extremely efficient. Thank you for many years amazing dining experiences I love a good sandwich shop! I really love Basha's deli and have been getting their sandwiches for lunch almost everyday when I lived out in Pinal County. I can hardly find a Bashas here around Phoenix but was waiting for a friend getting her oil change done on Camelback and seen this sandwich shop close by. We decided to check this place out for lunch wanting something light and this is one of the best spots we've been to for sandwiches! You get to pick what kind of bread you want along with meat. I went with the smoked turkey and added sprouts and avocado. My sandwich was so delicious! I'm glad I know a good place for a sandwich now! "I forgot how much I love Duck & Decanter until I visited today with a coworker!  I enjoyed a mini Sonoran chicken sandwich in a wheat wrap and an orange vanilla Italian cream soda - so very tasty!  I can't wait to come back and pick-up some items for a picnic with my hubby and the pup! Hidden location in the Biltmore area  and amazing hospitality.  This place is an Arizona landmark.  I hope my kids can bring their kids here some day." I ordered the chicken salad sandwich that comes and it was super delicious and huge. I crave that sandwich often now. Craving a home made sandwich for lunch  and poor customer service. We won't be returning." The food is absolutely incredible and the staff is very friendly. The shop has some great items to make your food taste better.  the shop.  I have been going to the Duck since I was a kid and the next generation of the family is keeping it going beautifully!" These sandwiches make my head explode.  And I don't even really like sandwiches.  Their creations are so unique and so full of flavor that you don't even feel like you're eating a sandwich.  When I eat them I see unicorns and rainbows and....okay not really but they are seriously good.  So far the Hot One is my favorite....tender brisket is some kind of amazing marinade and the horseradish really makes the sandwich.  The Vermont Treat is also very good.  I ended up with cheese spread smeared all over my face and I didn't care because I was in sandwich heaven.  My other fav is the Dutch Treat.  This one is not for everyone but it's loaded with flavor.  The relish and that champagne mustard.....ohhhh drool.  There is also a cool little market where you can buy all kinds of interesting imported goods and a wine bar area.  Check it out people!  This place is fantastic. "Great spot. Fantastic sandwhiches. Friendly service. Nice wine and beer selectiom. Family owned. They have a great selection of coffees and teas  but this is one of the best places to come if you are." Food is good for those who can flip the bill but not nearly good enough to charge what they do."  but only for an extra special occasion or if I can claim it as a business expense and get reimbursed!" Service was prompt and polite and everyone is extremely buttoned-up.  A great place for celebrating a special occasion or just feeling fancy." Sometimes I remember that lunch and I shake my head. Never mind it was for business. Never mind I didn't have any wine. Never mind I had to go back to work after wards. I still rate that lunch and this restaurant at 5 stars. Imagine how wonderful this could be if you order a glass of wine and go for a special occasion with a special someone. Wow. Talk about needing more stars for that!"  I could not eat it.  My server was very apologetic.  And then the manager immediately appeared as if he had been shot out of a canon.  He apologized profusely.  I was very understanding  Capital Grille gave us a very pleasant dining experience (aside from a couple of wasted chicks who were way too loud)  the oyster and shellfish platters were well done and exceptionally fresh especially when you consider we are in the middle of the desert. The Kona Sirlon was cooked to absolute perfection and the rub composed of coffee and other seasonings gave you all the more reason to linger over every bite. The dinner service was absolutely perfect "Loved sitting outside on a Spring night. We had 8 people at the table and decided to get multiple apps  arrived on time but were not seated for 20 minutes. Service was friendly and knowledgable but it took forever to get our entrees - about 45 minutes AFTER our appetizer was finished and gone. I ordered Steak Oscar and I'm pretty sure they had grill running WAY too hot - my steak was crispified on the outside and rare on the inside. The desserts were the highlight of the meal and they had a good selection of wines by the glass. My first impression: overpriced and overrated." Seldom had better service and the food was terrific. I prefer this type of steak house to Morton's or Ruth's Chris....YMMV "Capital Grill is what is is. A steakhouse chain. It's predictable and classy atmosphere is great for business entertaining. With so many food options here in Phoenix Perfect for a special nite out or a group in the private room."  steak is not supposed to be chewy.  One would expect much more for the price."  hosted a luncheon for 60 persons in a private setting. Service has always been impeccable and the food is distinguished." QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA  because I honestly did not feel the staff gave two fucks about me the whole time I was there. Garbage. I grabbed a card on the way out from I believe was the hostess. Torri McFarland...you and your staff from the top down got work to do this place sucks!!!" Side recommendation:  Mac and Cheese w/ Lobster =D" "I was there on Friday night in a ""private party"" room for a Law School graduation dinner with about 50 other people in our party so we ordered from a Pre-selected menu which I think is a novel idea..especially with a group of 50. I'd been before and enjoyed my fillet much more the previous time. Our server said medium would be hot pink in the middle and well...I was looking for a little bit more brown Went to CG again tonight and definitely redeemed itself. Had the lobster bisque soup for appi and shared the sliced filet mignon with cippolini onions and wild mushrooms with my girlfriend and was definitely very happy with this selection. The fresh warm hot rolls were exceptional as well. Definitely a fun time. May be even willing to give Bourbon Steak a second try...especially because it's so close to home! I WOULD go back to N. Scottsdale for a Wine & Dine but i would never suggest getting a ""10"" on the Snob-O-Factor here." Would I go back and pay full price. NO. This is not a place for something new or different and the quality was below par." I would definitely love to go back again!"  not just for the food but also for the experience...it truly represents fine dining well!"  seriously fancy (I'm from the rez okay - so this is crazy fancy in my world)  and has GREAT service and even better steak... this is the place for you! But you better have the cash to pay for it all! lol but if you have the money honey and a need to wine and dine then trust me sweetie Capital Grille has the time! Just call ahead for reservations!"  right before we left the bartender leaned over and said ""Come back on a day when it isn't a holiday and we'll get the kitchen to make you some steak tar tar.  They do it for me all the time."" Bless you Good steak because it is prime meat but not to a par....beautiful place.  Good service but not great service.....  the best crab cake and amazing pineapple martinis."  but it sure was a foodie experience!  My favorites were the calamari and the flourless chocolate cake.  The rest of the group I dined with enjoyed it all as well... You cannot go wrong with escaping the heat this summer and spending an evening at The Capital Grille with their special tasting menus!"  there is no better place to be than the Capital Grille at the Biltmore Fashion Park. The bartender was quick with a linen napkin to wipe my face and refreshed the Campari and Coke I had begun. My depression was short and my solace began with the Bar Menu Lamb Amazing food and excellent service. LOVED the porcini rubbed delmonico. Next time I will go with a friend or 3 who are ready for a fine meal." "Bad food and terrible service.  Went here during restaurant week with a large group of friends and everyone was disappointed.  The service was slow and disrespectful and I'm not sure I would have fed my rubber steak to the dog.  I'm not one to go out of my way to write a bad review unless the place really deserves it  I had the tenderloin with poached lobster and my husband had the sirloin. Both steaks had amazing flavor and sear to them. The lobster was succulent! We shared a side of the mashed pots...best restaurant mashed I've ever had. Finished with a creme brulee and blood orange sorbet with biscotti...both very tasty and perfectly portioned. I've been in the restaurant industry for years...including fine dining. Had our server been just a little bit more personable Its pricey...but great places like this should be. And believe me Highly recommended for any occasion." Creme brulee was also very good." Great food- finest Cognac-Great service.  No complaints Overall I would highly recommend this place. I am definitely coming back here on my next business trip."  and a sauce. The kc strip with roquefort cheese and crispy onions on top could have been amazing if cooked properly though it can't really hold a candle to Mastros. Dessert was unimpressive as well and really uninspired. Obviously left feeling disappointed and bewildered how this place stays in business with so many amazing restaurants around..." I have eaten here for years and the food is always very consistent and excellent. I really enjoy their lobster bisque. I have never had a bad meal or experience here. Wish they had a daily happy hour."  it is a great place for guys to go for dinner who are really looking for dinner. I think I need more... of something."  but in a good way.  Tasty.  Abu J had his usual cheeseburger (though no anymore).  I'm sure I'll be here again sometime as he has his ""paper route"" and doesn't care much to deviate from it."  the lobster for me simply served to detract from the dish and was a little tough. I am not much a drinker and the boyfriend loves beer so we were happy to hear they had a fair beer selection as well as wine. We split the flourless chocolate cake so my boyfriend could finally make good with his mom who forgot to bring some cake home when he was 14 lol. The cake was simple but good. I just think I could have beaten it at home...then again I have sort of a chocolate obsession. Beautiful place My facebook status update right after dinner: ""I will be thinking about this meal for weeks.""" Overall: A top restaurant that I will definitely return to if only to have the steak tartare."  you must order the Lobster Mac and cheese for your side!!!!! Its my favorite side dish in the world. Its so rich  cheesy and wonderful!  Capital Grille ranks up there with Morton's in my book for sure! I'm so glad there's one in the L.A. area...I'll go again next time I have a reason to spend $$$$ on a meal!" "AMAZING... let me start off with that.  So I originally made reservations to Ruth's Chris for my boyfriend's birthday dinner but I saw the menu for Capital Grille and immediately changed my mind and I'm so glad I did.  I made reservations on their website and mentioned it was my boyfriends birthday.  When we got there  I made the mistake of ordering my salad with dressing on the side. This caused 59 people to be served and one to sit and wait at least 15 minutes for lettuce and tomato assembly. These guys may be fine for dinner   coconut cream pie.  We also had several bottles of wine the best of which was named ""The Boxer.""   The bread basket they provide is also great.  All food items prepared correctly for everyone the first time.   The restaurant does have the feel of a gentleman's club and is expensive.    Give this Capital Grille location a try for your next special evening out."  we had a great time. The service was great and a majority of the meal was perfect!"  all our needs met.  Happy time!  Just prob. won't go back for steaks.  Ruth's and Hillstone are MUCH better." i recommend the lobster and crab stuffed shrimp and sam's mashed potatoes! you won't be disappointed. and if you're feeling adventurous To the chefs at The Capital Grille... well done! To the waitstaff... sigh... just... sigh."  but if you need something they are right there to get it.  Parking is a little painful "Our recent party of five dined at Capital Grille in celebration of a business accomplishment. We found the food excellent and the service impeccable. The management went out of their way to accommodate us with a quiet round table that was fitting for the occasion. The dining ambience was subdued Thanks go to Lindsey once again.... Well done! (steakhouse pun intended)"  and we could hear each other!  THANK You Lindsay and Gabi for such a wonderful time....YOU GUYS RULE!!!!!!" Yelp: You guys did such an great job putting this amazing event together. Lindsey and Gabi it was so nice to finally meet you. Thanks for the fun afternoon and we look forward to seeing you at the next event."  everything was FANTASTIC!!   The biggest shrimp I have ever enjoyed right next to the cool Yelp ice sculpture that proves YELP is the 'coolest!' (Ha!)  This was a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon!  Thank you YELP and thank you Capital Grille!!" http://www.flickr.com/photos/yelp/sets/72157629092996001/" So a huge round of applause to all the folks at Capital Grille and to Lindsey for another spectacular Elite event.  With January events at both the Pointe and Capital Grille Thank you Capital Grill was hosting this wonderful event!  This is a great intimate affair with fellow Elite Yelpers!  Huge thanks to Lindsey and the Yelp Team! 2012 is turning into a fantastic year of Yelp events!"  but who know to put it between a bun and make it a burger.  The Filet sandwich was soft; I thought it would've slide right off after the first bite QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA  and introducing me to an establishment that is definitely a place to bring family and friends to for a truly spectacular dining experience."  and the Capital Grille for hosting such an amazing and memorable event!" Had a blast  and I look forward to the next event!" A huge Thank You to the amazing staff at the Capital Grille and to resident Yelp Rockstar Lindsey for hosting such a fantastic event." This was probably the best Yelp even I've ever been to.  Tons of great food and drink.  Capital Grille was promoting their new lunch menu and everything they were sampling was great.  From the shrimp to the tenderloin sliders everything was top notch.  I only wish I worked closer to a Capital Grille because I would definitely do lunch there.  So until they open for lunch during the weekend I will be unable to enjoy more of their lunch stuffs. Thank you again Lindsay and everyone and Capital Grille for such an amazing event Can't wait to go back!!" The event itself was effortlessly cool and a pleasant place to meet new Yelp friends. Thank you Lindsay and The Capital Grille for such an awesome event!" Great event!  Thanks Yelp!  Thanks Lindsey! And Thanks Capital Grille!" Best place for lobster and steak hands down...besides Ocean Club at Kierland lol" Thank you especially to all the wonderful wait-staff who answered every question and fulfilled every request!"  the lemonade was perfect! I love my little grab bag and box of truffle chocolate goodness. I brought my friend with me and she praised Yelp and Capital Grille up and down. I can't wait to go back and make use of my free drink coupon!"  we left.  But not before the hostess said thanks for coming in. Needles to say I will not be returning." I would almost say I am happy these events don't come around too often  Gabi and all for a fantastic afternoon!  Did I mention the very savvy decor?  Or the fact that they opened early for us and nobody else was there?  Impressed!" A huge thanks to Lindsey and Gabi for putting together this amazing event.  Lots of love to Nader for capturing it all on film so we can remember just how good we Elites have it for years and years to come.  And last but certainly not least  I'll be seeking out a Captial Grille." There's a slight men's-club feeling to the place and I wouldn't describe it as trendy  even though we told her we were in a hurry with theater tickets waiting. We were seated at a dark table in the corner right next to another table where we could enjoy each others conversations whether we wanted to or not. Jarrid the waiter was in the weeds and continually ignored us the entire meal. Asking if we were ready to order and when we said yes  and it was so good.  I have had their flour-less chocolate cake before and it is crave-able.  It works out to be an affordable and amazing lunch spot Cap grille is consistently good from city to city. Service is exceptional and the food is amazing. We enjoyed some Prisoner wine that actually didn't have the crazy steak house mark-up you might expect.  wanting to know how the experience was. I have never gotten that kind of attention from a restaurant before  the sirloin sliders were ok. While one of my sliders was cooked to the perfect medium rare as I had asked the other one was closer to medium well and a little charred. The green beans while they did have great flavor they were unfortunately not very hot. John ordered the clam chowder followed by the Wagyu Cheeseburger and truffle Fries. The cheeseburger was overcooked he has asked for a medium and it came out well I have always had a great meal here.  I don't think the experience and food is as put together as their competitors.  The waitress also seemed a bit joyless which didn't help the experience.  With so many better options We had a spectacular time. I would recommend them above all for a steak I consider myself fortunate enough to have had a business lunch here a few weeks back. The food was excellent. Steak and potatoes just what a man wants! It was very well done and finished with a 3 berry cheesecake. Worth the moolah!  the meal was excellent. I probably ate about 3000 calories....sorry thighs....but if I got to choose a place to destroy my diet Will be back.... during the summer when they have essentially the same deal if you dine after 8pm... otherwise the bills around here tend to look like car payments." For dessert we shared the flourless chocolate cake and the creme brulee. I have honestly never tasted better creme brulee in my life. It was perfect! The cake was good too  so moist and creamy. The crme brulee was a little rich but the fresh fruit they put on top made it much better. Dinner ran about 60 dollars a person not including the wine. It was by far one of the most expensive meals that I have had but it was well worth it and I will most likely be going back. The service is customarily outstanding and the staff's wine and food knowledge is exceedingly above board. The waiters were well dressed and were well spoken. It was great not to have some ditsy waitress for once! No matter what questions you have regarding the restaurant they know it all. The decor is just what I expect from an old school traditional steakhouse The best steaks anywhere. This is a definite try for my upscale foodies."  which my mom only said that it wasn't the best and it wasn't the worst spinach salad she has had. They gave us an on the house coconut cream pie to go. Which I took one bite when I got home and threw it away. Very disappointing when you spend this much money and receive this type of service and quality of food. We might as well set $500 on fire." My second fav steak house!! But the final action that really put the experience over the top was when the bill was supposed to come and instead the manager said dinner was on them.  They did not want to leave us with a bad experience (esp. considering it was our first time there.). I tried telling him this was unnecessary as they already more than made up for many issues.  They insisted...so the waiter ended up with a pretty good tip out of it.  That was all class though and made me feel quite good about our dining choice. The way they handled things and the food quality even prior to that would have gotten them at least 4 stars.  But the fact they have proven themselves a class act...that puts them over the top.  We will be back." My family visited for my son's 30th birthday. The table was decorated and a card signed by all the employees addressed to my son was at his spot. The food was perfect from the lobster bisque to the trio of ice cream. It's a favorite place of ours. Great steaks...good desserts even better service! Dined here again last evening.  Food was exceptional in a very comfortable yet upscale setting. This is my favorite restaurant." "I wanted to get a killer steak and we found our way to The Capital Grille. I am usually a bit gun shy with these high-end restaurants because they often times don't live up to the hype. This was NOT teh case with The Capital Grille! We made a reservation and were seated promptly. Our server was super personable and not snotty in the least bit The capital grille never fails!  The lobster and crab stuffed shrimp is absolutely amazing and the parmesan truffle fries are to die for!  The service is always top notch and they are on top of refills.  The valet out front is awesome and of course the overall atmosphere is great.  drinks and atmosphere in spite of the sky-high prices." Can't say enough about the service though. Really really wonderful at every level."  knowledgeable and generous.  He was remarkable.  We were in the restaurant past closing and were never once pressured (or even aware) that we were the last patrons.  Each member of the team in (and out) of the restaurant were absolutely amazing."  and dinner every day if money or having a heart attack wasn't an issue." The wegde salad is wonderfully blue cheesy and always enjoy the entrees.  Also love there sorbets.  and you can't beat their signature pineapple infused vodka (Stoli Doli) martini! The staff is friendly and attentive. If you like a steakhouse with a warm wood ambiance and outstanding food I have had this treatment at every Capital Grilled location I have been to.  You cannot go wrong at this place.  Its the perfect restaurant to celebrate a special occasion." We have a fabulous meal at the Capital Grille...so many options and all delicious...our only complaint is that the wine we ordered was listed as a 2008 and it arrived as a 2010..we were told that was what they had and no price difference.  It was very young..but we drank it anyway.... I highly recommend it. I've also eaten in the main dining room and it is flawless."  our meal was really good except for Sputum Queen in the next booth. I hope she gets pneumonia if she doesn't already. Bitch." Absolutely going back again." Excellent - great service and good (not great) food. I'd recommend it.  Sarah provided exceptional service and charm that added value to my experience.  Kevin and Methune also provided quality service earlier this week.  Fantastic!" I will definitely be back to this location mainly for the awesome service I I recieved at the bar tonight!" I absolutely love this restaurant. The first experience I had at Capital Grille was in Los Angeles at the Beverly Center. From that moment on this was my FAVORITE restaurant. The food and service at any location is superb. I always get the rack of lamb with macaroni and cheese (no lobster) and their creamy bacon corn! This food will have your mouth watering every time you think about it! I went to this particular location on Valentine's Day with my husband. Everyone from the front desk hostess to the bartender and waiter was phenomenal! To have your service just as spectacular as the food is a win win combination. The atmosphere is warm and inviting and very intimate. They have a killer wine list and your waiter will break everyone of them down for you! Capital Grille is a 5 star dining experience for sure! I recommend anyone to try it at least once! This place makes you want to become a member of the military-industrial complex." Do your self a favor and book your next reservation at Morton's 480-951-4440 or Ruth's Chris (602) 957-9600 which is across the street if you want a good steak."  and beautifully done.  A peeve of mine is having a bunch of useless stuff on my plate that just gets thrown away.  Plating can be beautiful without all that Best bar in town! I am very particular about my Martinis.......the bartendes at CG know their s**t. Add that to great food and awesome location......can't beat evening! !  really wowed by the indescribably delicious food and impeccable service. Everything -- every single detail was flawless.  The prime rib and the lobster eggs benedict just sent us swooning "This restaurant is for the rich kids that had never eaten any other fine food in the world other than steaks : ) Pricy steak (cow that is not even organically raised). Salmon that is farm raise(Atlantic). The steak that is almost tasteless. Veggies that are plain but buttery. The server was kind of racist (only asked what my white friend wants to drink  I love the Dining after Dark special offered by Capital Grille in the sumertime even more. The deals offered if you eat after eight at night any night of the week during the summer are mind boggling. The food is excellent highly recommended for the serious meat eater."  but it reminded me of going to Olive Garden where they pour salt all over your food to mask the lack of quality. This perhaps was even worse than Olive Garden with a steep bill at the end. Horrible. Even their infamous Pineapple Martini was a bust this time. I don't don't what is going on over there but I will NEVER return. Too many other great restaurants to visit to waste my time on Capital Grille."  it was a decent meal and while the service started off outstanding And take home some dessert. You will be happy you did."  he constantly forgot simple things and was totally unattentive... so after 5 things and 2 hrs into dinner we requested the manager who was just the same and sarcastic on top of everything else! For a $300.00 meal that was average at best. Thank goodness the company I was with was wonderful!!!! Too many other choices to be treated the way we were :( I was so disappointed that I wrote corporate headquarters! To be continued when I hear back from them!!!!"  (which is not for the faint of heart) and also the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes.  The couple next to us ordered burgers and a wedge salad that I definitely can't wait to come back and try. My only complaint is that they needed to stock up on Tito's vodka for their martinis."  warm and welcoming. This is the place to come for dinner or simply cocktails or the ""to die for"" flour less chocolate cake." "Amazing experience! Great Great service! Highly recommend! Amazing martini service/pour.  Bountiful wine pours with their samplings.  Food was to die for.  If you want service  yet not over bearing.  Even had the valet pull our cars as we settled the tab.  Very nice touch."  there is a pretty good chance you will find me in a place like this. I am drooling as I write this review. The Capital Grille at the Biltmore is the perfect place to take a break from shopping. Sit at the bar and have a couple cocktails and some calamari and you will be ready for some more shopping with the gf. Could be dangerous shopping if you have one too many FYI." Would recommend trying another steak house."  from the crab cakes and lamb chops to the flourless chocolate cake and cheesecake. It was an adventure in dining and a memorable evening.  All at our table will be back!"  but ok I walked away feeling like steak greatness was found." I would recommend that you try the lamb chops or Filet Oscar if you've never been here.  The carpaccio is also a must try.  Never had this dish before but it made me love the stuff.  They have a huge selection of wine to choose from and the ambience is very relaxed with dim lighting and jazz music playing in the background.  I always come back because they never disappoint. "We're from out of town and  came here thinkiing it was your typical grill type restrauant.  We realize right away when we entered and saw the decor that we had made a mistake.  So much for not noticing the dollar signs on Yelp.  However we made the best of the situation.  We skipped drinks and dessert.  The main entrees were delicious.  The service was amazing!  They were so attentive.  If we ever have a special occasion "Food was great! The main lobster is so tender and the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella is amazing with the balsamic glaze. Although Yes pricey but some things you need to try.   This is one of them."  not amazing but really good for a big group of about 25-30. The group was very high maintenance and the staff and servers did a stellar job serving and taking care of special needs. Service was too long great steaks and servoce  and I do not love coconut cream pie - but there is something utterly amazing about this dessert that doesn't make me think of coconut. A great crust with soft filling  great service and great atmosphere!" The Captial Grill totally impressed me and I will definitely be going back."  all of which were very tasty.  The waitress then brought out a cucumber salmon appetizer which we did not order but was very delicious.  I opted for the special of two filet minon tenderloins topped with shrimp scampi.  TO DIE FOR!!!  The meat was tender and cooked just right and the scampi sauce was like no scampi sauce I've ever had before which made it so delicious!  The scampi sauce on top of the steak...amazing!!!  My husband had the Dry Aged Sirloin Steak which had great flavor and was very moist and tender.  We ordered a side of asparagus to share which was also very good but maybe had a bit too much lemon flavor for my taste.  We opted to skip dessert because our meal was so filling and delicious but because it was our anniversary they brought us dessert anyway.  It consisted of a light and fluffy cheesecake brle that was out of this world as well as a flourless chocolate cake that was also delicious.  Both desserts were served with a side of fresh berries and sauce.  Our experience at The Capital Grille was second to none and I would definitely suggest this place to anyone!!"  highly recommend.  I really don't think you can go wrong with Capital Grill." A nearly perfect dinner. My husband and I took my meat and potato loving parents to Capital Grille for restaurant week. The service was impeccable. Our waiter was knowledgable and very accommodating. I don't eat meat and hate salmon which were the options for restaurant week. He got me bass.It was so good. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned to perfection. . The lobster mac and cheese was great as a side. It was creamy and not fishy. The calamari appetizer was perfect. It had peppers which made it spicy. My husband and parents got the prime rib and said it was great. The meal was expensive but worth it. Have a great day enjoy good food." "I really love this Capital Grille! This location at Biltmore has always been spot on. Made a reservation for our anniversary here the night before Valentines Day. We arrived about 10 minutes early and our car service was met with awesome valet guys. We sat at the bar and had pre-dinner cocktails. I've always been treated so well at this particular Capital Grille from valet to valet. I love that when your table is ready they take your tab and your drink for you to your table. This night was our anniversary of a year and our table had rose petals scattered all over it. How nice is that?! We started with a seafood tower. It's our one year and hey - I learned an amazing piece of information about their giving. Every day Must visit Steakhouse for 2014!" "One of the best American Steakhouses. This is the second time I've been to this location  and everything was delicious.  It is like they have someone singing sweet lullabies and nurturing each plate of food in the back.  If you get a chance Celebrated dropping our son off for college with his mother's birthday. Our server Carolann was delightful. She delivered complimentary champagne and dessert. We will be repeat customers!  but I'd definitely like a ""next time""... my husband's birthday is coming up!"  great classic menu and the ambience of the Phoenix/Camelback restaurant is the best!"  ordered two bottles of wine and without asking they opened two additional bottles and kept pouring. Watch your bill at this restaurant." We are still full from the experience but will be back!"  was exceptional. I know he had other tables but we felt like he was there just for us. The food was delicious. The shrimp cocktail was great and you must try the calamari. Yum! The steaks were juicy and flavorful. The lobster mac and cheese was decadent. I could eat it every day and still want more. We had a wine tasting special at our table. It was fun to see if we could guess what kind each was. The whites were easier than the reds. We had a complimentary dessert duo; cheesecake and something rich & chocolate. The cheesecake was my favorite. I love food and am not easily impressed but I was impressed with my meal. From beginning to end we thoroughly enjoyed every moment. Don Goodwin  a 16 ounce bone in filet. I have never seen this on a menu before. WOW! It was superb. We finished the evening with a cappuccino and an anniversary dessert plate. We recommend The Capital Grille for any special occasion.  We will be back again soon." "My husband and i spent his birthday Tuesday night with Ricky. The service and suggestions were amazing-we loved the wine and splitting the delmonico with two different preparations. Outstanding service Amazing dinner and service!  Filet was cooked perfectly.  If you are celebrating a special night and a meat eater - Go there you won't be disappointed. I'm a vegetarian and was invited to a party at this restaurant. The veg. pasta was amazing and the appetizers and desserts were amazing!!! I can only imagine what the meat tasted like but everyone loved it. I think we started a new tradition for Thanksgiving -- skip the work and be thankful for The Capital Grille" Gorgonzola Filet was phenomenal & my Dad enjoyed his turkey dinner last night! Terry was our server and he was great! Definitely asking for him next time we go!!  fun place for a date but I usually go with my dad and just sit at the bar. The bar is also a god place to have a business meeting. They have my favorite little candies everywhere." QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA  no plain salad options. Not offered when I indicated why I couldn't eat the soup. So skip that. The ""vegetarian"" options was a  ""chef's vegetarian selection"". So of course I inquired... Yep described as ""a big pile of grilled vegetables"" hummm... So no sides? Just plop a pile and call it a day?  Wow. Impressive. I can skip that. Chocolate cake? Ok I'm down  just park in the free lot or garage behind Saks and Macy's.  Or just valet it if paying a little doesn't matter to you." I went there for dinner.  Very nice ... The food was excellent.  I ordered the bone-in filet with the twice-baked potato ... Perfectly prepared and delicious.  Coconut cream pie was a perfect way to end the meal!! The wait staff was very attentive.  Overall a great experience.  I will definitely return if I'm in the area."  as I've never had or even fathomed it with peppers. I worked around those and the squid itself was good Thank you for making our evening so wonderful."  & almost tasteless; however the Lemonade is really good. I changed it to the lemonade. I ordered the Seared Salmon salad. My friend ordered the ribeye sandwich. Both were very good. Mine was very tasty!!!!"  we couldn't have had a more pleasant experience or better meal.  My steak was done perfectly and the twice baked potatoes were the best I've ever had.  Much has been written about the lobster mac & cheese and every mouthful was worth a mention. The bartender made the best mojitos in the Valley and even dropped by our table to ensure our cocktails were to our liking!  It's not often that a bartender checks in on the diners.  Everything about The Capital Grille exceeded our expectations."  and they don't have that steak taste to them. We all ordered them medium cooked as well."  and one vegetable side came to just less than $200. I added a $75 tip to show our appreciation. Next time we're in town we'll make sure to visit them again." QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA I'll definitely come by Kia any time next time I'm in Phoenix this'll be the first place I eat."  Ryan. He had great recommendations and impeccable service. One of the best steaks that I've had! I had the bone-in filet with the Oscar (crab meat and sauce). I'm not much into chain restaurants  witty and charming. The staff is extremely friendly and treated my mother and I very well. I cannot emphasize the quality of service here. This is fine dining at its best. The food is wonderful and tasteful. If you have the pleasure request ken as your server and you will understand high quality service Great food & service is great food & service - chain or not. The Capital Grille Phoenix definitely sets the bar to new heights for excellence in service. Any restaurant that wants to consider themselves to be a competitor in Food & Beverage should look to TGC Phoenix as a role model. They will always have my business."   they did put some confetti on the table for my father in laws birthday." Thanks again Manager Don Goodwin & our server Ricky Reyes for aiding in a great night out." "Great restaurant. My father took me there for my birthday. When we got there (15 minutes early) the table was already set and waiting for us. The staff had showered the table with little happy birthday decorations. Thought it was a nice touch. Above and beyond that "fancy place with great service... but "High priced steak house the servers and wait staff was not up to par for this level of dining. Salty food Service was excellent. I mean really excellent. I can't even find one thing to complain.  Capital Grille is located throughout the United States. If the service and food is consistent everywhere Wow compared to the north Scottsdale location this place needs help. North scootsdale service and food service far superior   We sat near the bar in what they deem lounge seating. Don't do it. You're better off at the bar  I really appreciate the great service.  I would love to go back and try their other cuts of steak.  But as far as having a dinner presentation there...A+" "we had dinner there tonight. they were not very clear on the difference between the restaurant week menu and normal menu which caused mass confusion after the food was on the table. we also seemed to be an inconvenience to the waiter as he seemed annoyed by our simple requests. also they failed to fill water glasses and drinks in a timely manner. the bartender did not know how to make a slow gin fiz. they couldn't add the drinks from the bar because the waiter couldn't do the math i guess so we had to calculate. the placed lacked culture and I would suggest Durrants if you like real fine dining with legitimate customer service. to be fair  if you have money for the finer things in life Wow is all I can say. From the onion bread to the spicy calamari cooked to perfection my appetizers were delicious. Also ordered the scallops as well as the lobster mac n cheese which is heavenly to say the least. Wish I could come back everyday!! This place is amazing!  Great food and they make you feel as though you are the only customer in the place.  We come here for all our birthdays and anniversaries. We've dined here many times and never have been disappointed."  all this greasy buttery sauce will cover up the need to season this piece of meat! I would expect this from a Denny's restaurant after a night of clubbing while in college - not for a nice sit down restaurant. I think I've had better steak at Outback Steakhouse. My boyfriend had the filet on the bone. It came out looking like a barbaric slab of meat from the stone ages - again the most bland seasoning you've ever experienced with a steak! Thank God this place had A-1 steak sauce to save grace - he drowned his steak in this to give it some flavour. Pretty sad when you have to ask for steak sauce at a fine dining establishment. Typically a good steak  fantastic wine selection. Expensive but well worth the experience."  only because it has great streak but because they serve Fresca!  It's next to impossible to find and they actually have it.  I love Fresca and Citrine vodka so it's nice to have a cocktail before dinner.  The sides are huge which is good because everything is a la carte (the only downside)." I think I feel another Capital Grille jones coming on..." "My husband and I were craving a quality steak and decided to try The Capital Grille.  It didn't disappoint.  Jennifer R. was our waitress; she was very friendly This is a great restaurant. The food is great. I usually get the mango salmon salad which is my favorite. I have tried the French onion soup as well and it is delicious! The staff is very friendly and the service is great. The place itself is very nice inside. I definitely recommend Capital Grille! Service was A+ and made sure we were well taken care of." I called management. I don't think they care." Everything on their menu looked amazing and I wanted to try all of it. I look foreword to our next visit." "The food was fantastic and the service was excellent. I had the dry aged sirloin with steak frites and the steak was perfect. We were all asking ourselves when we last had anything so good. The fries were crispy and thin and perfectly salted. The dressing on the mixed green salad was bland but let's face it  you can choose your choice of soup or salad and an entree! {And of course their amazing bread basket}. Their entree options include; Dry Aged Sirloin Steak Frites with Red Eye Jus  you know that there are endless great restaurants all over the Valley! The Capital Grille is definitely one of them!" The wine/burger combo is definitely a great promotion when available. Capital Grille is definitely great for a date night out For these prices expected a lot better experience." This is by far my most favorite restaurant! The service is impeccable and the food is awesome! I've celebrated my birthday here and special occasions. I experienced issues with one of my reservations and the hostess helped me out and provided me stellar service. QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA You never get a second chance to make a first impression.  Sorry Wow just wow!  Dry rub aged porterhouse steak was tender juice and just melted in my mouth.   Desert was unbeatable.   They killed their cheese cake honestly better then cheesecake factort. The only complaint I have was it took forever to get our food.  delicious!  I absolutely saved room for dessert and it was well worth it. The cheesecake is one of my favorite desserts and one of the best I've had. I'll definitely be going back."  Mac & cheese w/ lobster was truly delightful and the coconut cream pie was phenomenal!  Pretty pricey ... Would have been 5star if just a bit more affordable!" Best steaks ever!! The best service ever!! The beat cheesecake I really liked this place the only little thing that bothered me was how rude two of the bartenders were but the rest of the staff great My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our 1 year anniversary on a recommendation from one of my friends.. I have to say it's one of the best steak houses we've been too in Phoenix.. We ordered the pan fried calamari with hot peppers which were absolutely delicious.. Then we ordered The Porcini Rubbed Bone-In Ribeye and the porter steak and a side of mashed potatoes.. Both steaks were amazing but both my boyfriend and I enjoyed the porcini rubber bone in ribeye a little bit more.. The ppl who worked there were amazing.. They decorated our table along with getting a free glass of champagne and a sampler of a small chocolate cake and cheese cake complimentary for our anniversary..This place is AMAZING!! Went there the other night and we also had the waiter from hell....he was inattentive the whole evening. We had to ask other waiters to help us. The list could go on of all the things he didn't do...moreover...The Filet Mignon was dry and  the bone in steak that my husband had was tasteless. We have been there several times over the years and never had a bad experience...but this time it was enough to not go back or recommend it to our friends.  superb side dishes! Rebecca our server was informative and courteous. I come to expect a level of professionalism when paying a considerable amount for a meal and unfortunately the experience was just not up to par on the prices they command in that ice teas were brought initially and then never refilled after the meal had started. A bottle of wine would have likely been ordered had we been checked on until after our meal was finished but we were not. In using the restroom I did find servers and hostesses that were in the customer bathroom complaining about whos got whos tables which just left a really bad impression. I just feel like the overall experience based upon these occurrences left a bad taste in my mouth  med-rare. The staff is friendly and attentive. There seems to be an older crowd when I go. The atmosphere is nice. Make sure to use your table manners here. It's pricey outstanding service from the time you walk-in they have you r table set before you sit down they address for bye your name the whole time me we one I had to wait for them to refill anything thus is the service they you should get at this caliber restaurant the food was just as grate the calamari was different it was spicy but good the new York was cook to perfection  the cream spinach was not the best I've ever had. it it was tasty as well I'll be back for Shir Great food and service. Steak cooked perfectly. Overpriced food and wine but always consistent. Will definitely be back next time I'm in the area." had to drop a star because the server wasn't a good as the last time we were in had to ask for refills he didn't just do it he only can back around when he brought the food now the food was awesome I had the mushroom crusted steak that was grate wife had lamb chop the jelly that they served was the best that I ever had I think it was fig the salmon was good as well get the apple cobbler it was amazing  the experience's we've had since then have not been fitting for a restaurant of this caliber (and not to mention price). The Au Gratin potatoes have been consistently tasty  it absolutely exceeded my expectations and the service was outstanding!  When you ask for a steak cooked exactly to your liking  I'm still smacking my lips! The brussels sprouts were delicious as were the other sides. I will say the drinks were pricy QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA The hubby brought me here for our Anniversary dinner. I loved the dim lighting and the nice Anniversary table layout they had for us. The mignon was very good and not to mention the complimentary dessert to help celebrate our special day. It was lovely.  and the service is usually well above average. I always leave fat and happy."  which is vodka infused with fresh pineapple and served straight up. It was excellent! We also were treated to a variety of appetizers such as shrimp cocktail and risotto balls. The shrimp were huge and so fresh and don't even get me started on how delicious the risotto balls were. The best part was there was a raffle for a $100 gift certificate and I won! So we are very much looking forward to returning for lunch or dinner and trying some more selections off the menu. This is very much a special occasion kind of place. Not the kind of place we would be able to frequent often on our budget Great food and outstanding service. Had the Mediterranean salad and was one of the best I've had. Great place for a business lunch. Would recommend this place to anyone"  she assured me that it wouldn't be that tough. She was right and I was so full that I bought home the other half. My husband ordered the lobster frittata which was really good. The lobster tails were so sweet!  We have never had a bad meal here and having great service made this meal even better!!!" This is why I'm giving 3 stars. If it has a bit less prices it would be great  but my husband's salmon was even better. They know how to make the outside crispy while the inside of the salmon is like butter. The plates all come out together with this sort of marching band presentation that really impresses diners. They're trying these new iPads for drink orders that don't work that well with only one per table....hard copy menus make more sense (we sometimes get carried away w technology!) rather than trying to pass one iPad around an entire table. Lastly QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA My daughter took me there for birthday tonight. Restaurant week menu absolutely amazing. Everything amazing. Ricky was our server and he was awesome. Love pumpernickel bread. Would love to know how to make it. We are so grateful for such a wonderful evening!"  cinched the experience. We'll be back!  This is my first yelp review. I've never been moved by food or service to take the time to review." "Went to Capital Grill for a lunch meeting.  Hands down "This place is just good. I've been here 3-4 times. A good solid American dining experience. David was very knowledgeable and we enjoyed ourselves. This is from almost a year ago. But I've been eating at the Capital grille on and off since 2014. Looking for a good steak Valet is available  for parking. .they were slow bringing  us the bread appetizers.  They were quick to refill our water. We had appetizers  cocktail  shrimp  and oysters . They looked good but did not taste fresh.i ordered  crab legs with she'll but came without. The waiter misunderstood.  We had potatoes  Aug rating but came with a crust that I did not like. We ordered a steak that was undercooked.  Food was good but disappointed  with their mistakes THE place to make a special occasion truly special."  buy a whole bottle of wine to enjoy after the movie.  I've always been given great assistance in picking out the perfect bottle.  I can almost taste it now...." Great place to sit and drink wine on a Saturday afternoon where you have nothing better to do. Food's average. Lots of people watching which I  love. No indoor seating though so avoid when hot.  thus the name.  It is now a wine bar that serves ""light fare.""  There are not too many places with this kind of atmosphere in the Valley -- very California.  One of the walls is a giant garage door that they roll up so the whole place is open.  Little couches and coffee tables are mixed in with tables and high tops for a variety of seating choices.  The bathrooms are lovely and parking is a disaster." Update: Postino's is one of many restaurants/bars in AZ that permits concealed weapons without permits and is noted on the Arizona State Rifle and Pistol Association in their CCW Cafe page: http://www.asrpa.com/ccwcafe.html For that reason I am reducing the previously 5-star rating to 1-star."  too. Went there for lunch on a Friday and loved the diversity of the crowd. I also liked it that the noise level was reasonable  but forgot about it because of the great servers - Michelle I think "Located at the SW corner of 40th St. and Campbell.  This entire corner is now owned by an enterprising young couple who ingeniously converted the old post office to a wine bar featuring fresh aperitifs and lite gourmet pizza!  They did such a fab job on the remodel they were written up in Architects Digest some 8 years ago (or more) when they opened.  It's become something of a low key meeting hub with ""great date"" written all over the place.  Any given night of the week you will find this place a' buzz!  So plan on a wait oh! and they waive corking fees on monday nights  the toilet in the ladies bathroom was clogged The only problem is that location is less than desirable for people in the SE Valley - it is a far drive from Chandler or Gilbert to the Arcadia neighborhood in Phoenix.  Here's a tip though: when you get there  and leave not feeling like you filled up on cheese and olives the whole time. Plus the wait staff is great.  You will have to wait on a Saturday/Friday night - but who is in a  rush then anyway? It reminds me of a neighborhood place in San Fran...a must-go in Phoenix."  there's an admirable wine selection but the atmosphere is unlike anything else in PHX.  I highly recommend."  but besides that? The bar is set up awkwardly to where you don't feel much intimacy with those you are there with - it's like one big common standing area where people give you a look when you ask them to kindly excuse you as you make your way through. I've only gone there though to have apps and a glass of wine I've been actually thinking lately...where can I get this delicious food in LA?"  which may be my own damn fault for being a relative homebody given my employment (concierge). I wouldn't go here for an after-shift glass of wine There are many nice places to eat in this part of town that have less attitude  and I hope this place doesn't fall victim to becoming a Radio Milano or now LGO (which has disappointed me as of late)." I've eaten here several times now and I'm never dissapointed....not in the bruschetta or the salads.  One day I'll try a sandwich I'm sure....if only the bruschetta wasn't so yummy!" SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  don't miss this spot. (there is a lot of italian in AZ  I get the craving for a relaxing place no one has ever heard of. Dig?" It is definitely a trendy restaurant and expect to pay for valet parking ($3 I think) and to wait for a table." This is also a great place to just get drinks...."  and escapist ambiance. Be sure to go on Monday night for a  perfectly orchestrated collaboration with neighboring LGO owned pizzeria - You can't go wrong with the corn and goat cheese pizza..."  to meet for wine and great food."  or go on a weeknight to grab some vino.  I'm not dying to go back anytime soon by far one of my favorite restaurants.  I'm totally in love with the biretta.  The best thing is to find a friend and share a salad and  brochette flight at lunch!   I took my husband once and he didn't think it was enough food to fill him up (he went home and ate more).... but for me I'm always happy and stuffed when i leave.  so most likely you'll have to valet for $3. It didn't bother me since I was expecting it "As per usual no disappointment for lunch and great wine selections for five bucks per glass.  We arrive just before 11 to get our favorite spot and order our usual Bruschetta (4 tough choices) to share.  Having tried all ten choices at one time or the other we chose 1 "Definitely a great stop especially at lunch to snag a multitude of $5 wines by the glass. Fill up on some create your own bruschetta like Tuscan white bean with proscuttio while knocking back Crazy Aunt Edna's favorite rose'.  I prefer the lounge chairs to the high top tables the same way Chuck Taylor lo tops are way cooler than some scuffed up Uggs.  Kick back and enjoy the quick  i know. but the waitress was more than helpful with picking out something I liked and like every other person has said - the bruschetta was amazing. especially the apple and goat cheese combination that i was a little wary of at first."  you can bear the budget bacchanalian orgy right in the heart of Arcadia"  but its worth the wait.  The wine selection is great and the bruschetta is by far my most favorite thing on the food menu.  I am salivating just thinking about the bruschetta -- all different varieties for different pallettes.  mmm...  The paninis look delicious I will be back - that's for sure. And definitely for the $5 wines when I get the chance from 11-4.  But maybe I'll have lower expectations which will likely result in a better experience." I defintely recommend this place!" SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  for me personally. I want wine aficionados not people who order house wine and want to look cool in the cars they work for and the apartment that is not furnished. When this place first opened i loved it but it is now a bit falsetto for my taste." I find the crowd to be pleasant and generally professionals. However I'd definitely come back next time I'm in town."  in a super trendy place to eat... Perfect for people who care more about appearances than food.  That being said you should try Postino out I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants to drink a strong selection of varietals. Other wine bars seem to fall short on interesting  be aware that their a/c system isn't up to handling it. We sweated it out last night until enough people left to help cool the place off. We're new to Phoenix SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  a great date place or a place to chill with co-workers." Can't wait to go on a Monday night sometime soon to take advantage of their special: $9 off a bottle of wine and pizza from LGO!  Postino has a regular loyal customer in me and I don't see that changing anytime soon!" They cafe itself is fantastic. Very open with a ton of natural light and is very spacious. Great place to meet up with an old friend or take a date. Great for conversation and the crowd is normally a little more upscale."  go to Postino if you're looking for an experience you're unlikely to find anywhere else in Phoenix." "Another of my favorite winebars (which is hundreds of miles away). I used to hang out with work friends for ""happy hour""; the great part is we would drink and talk for hours and never once felt rushed to empty the table. My absolute favorite dish is their caprese sandwich and potato soup...the potato soup is cream Warning: good luck parking." I should give this 4 stars as the service can be hit and miss but I gave it 5 for those great nights with friends when the music is loud but not too loud Why the 4 stars? Occasionally the service has a lag time - only occasionally." I could waste my entire paycheck here.  Better yet; I can move in and just sleep on the comfy lounge furniture."  can't wait to go back."  and extra charm points for playing some Otis Redding. The service was just fine -- attentive without being intrusive. If they can't open a Michigan location You cannot go wrong with a lunch date here and I'd venture to say that dinner is just as good. Don't miss this gem tucked away in the east/central Phoenix area." I just love the atmosphere of this place.  I don't feel that I am in a pretentious crowd and the service is so on its mark.  There is a chance that I will be there for New Years...and if so...update!!!!"  urban. cultured. The service and knowledge of the servers is above par. It's usually packed. Definitely one of my favorite places for wine in town! I wish I'd been going for a long time This is my favorite restaurant at the moment. "i like the monday nites where bottles of wine at par & u can order flat bread pizzas from across the lot - sister place. Small & intimate  amazing food but not that amazing." Plus it was where me  my boyfriend went on our first date (and my first time there)  but that is pretty much the only thing I could possibly complain about. Nice intimate atmostphere to just have good solid fun with good people. Customer service was good (server took my beer/glass - without asking me if I wanted another). The bathroom is very clean and can probably be described as very zen-like. Food wise - the bruschetta impressed me alot  Postino can provide you a welcome retreat.  It is needed." This is a great place for a light meal or a cocktail or a great place for friends to meet at for a quick drink before heading out to the clubs or lounges.  It's also a great place to impress a date (if you are less than 25 years old).  However "Love the $5 glasses of wine 11-4 daily.  Great place for a late snack type lunch or late evening small bite and more wine.  Olives are great!  Parking works during the off hours I love this place!   The bruschetta and the Italian Picnic salad are my favorites.  Great Happy Hour with $5 glasses of wine.  I would recommend this to anyone.  but the food and wine are worth it.  You can't go wrong with the bruscetta.  All of the choices are amazing.  Its a great place to go with friends." I'm a HUGE-O fan of this place!!  YUUUMMMM-AHHH for DAYS!!!  Lemme just say the last time I was there... I had wine like it was goin' outta style! And the food.  What a treat!  Four stars for that.  One less for not being open 24-hours.  or dinner with a small group of friends :-) Looooove it!"  and Warm Artichoke Spread (you pick 4 to an order).  The prosciutto and artichoke were our definite faves.  The roast beef sandwich was good  it is only $3 and very convenient. It is probably one of the only places I don't mind valet parking at in Phoenix." The staff was so nice and gracious when minor mistakes were made. It is definitely worth the trip when I was staying across the valley and would go again and again."  and I must say...I love this place.  From the cutie pie that served us and his witty personality to the awesome wine and bruschetta i had gone to the original Postinos a couple times and of coarse it was always good My friend Georgie pointed out to me recently that I only give back-handed compliments. Sometimes Servers? Easy on the eyes. Nice bonus for girls' night out."  and their hours are fairly accommodating for late evening diners.  On Monday nights there is also the added bonus of being able to order pizza from the pizzeria across the parking lot "This place is amazing!!!!!  It has delicious food. A great wine list and what else can you say.  It is a great place to sit drink and just talk and chill.  If anything eat the bruschetta.  Share it with a friend.  We need more places like this.  It isn't overcrowded like most places in the valley and lets keep it that way.  The one downside is parking  and I would recommend it to friends and strangers."  the Prosciutto with Brie Panini and Mediterranean Salad). She informed our waitress though of her condition and thankfully our waitress was very responsive. We sat and talked for about a half hour before our food came (watching the mimosas float by our table sped up the time)  where they absolutely CRAM you in to the point you might be uncomfortable if you dont like snuggling with your neighbor.  Its great for dates "Stopped here for some after-work vino with a friend and co-worker.  Loved the atmosphere and quasi-outdoor space; great wine list  diversity is well represented here in everything from tempranillo to nero d'avola." Cousin has made me promise her I'd take her back to Postino (or perhaps someplace similar?) on her next visit.  If that isn't glowing praise for Postino Who can can argue with that."  and great staff.  I like how they are knowlwedgable about wine in general and often switch the wine menu to mix things up and keep it fresh.  If you find that your favorite wine has been replaced  right down the street from a friends house so we never have to deal with parking issues.  Everyone who works there is really sweet and one of the older bartenders is great to talk with.  I used to stop by so often the bartender would take a few glasses of wine off the bill.  Whenever people come in from out of town I have to take them here.  They have the best bruschetta!  I have tried to recreate some of them at home and while they have been good  and smoked peppers/goat cheese.  They also have seasonal selections so don't forget to enquire.  There's a lot of stuff to check out  REALLY???  Well then you are in for a treat.  She wasn't kidding!  Who said a wine bar won't get crowded in late June during 109 degree temperature???  And this was at their new location on Central (just north of Camelback). The four of us shared the Bruschetta SELECTION OF 4 "The Bruschetta here rocks! Hands down..Ive never had anything like it.. ALL of the bruschettas are great .. my least fav is the Tuscan bean.. Im just not a fan.. The Fig & Mascarpone is more of a 'dessert' than a app...:-) I havent had a bad wine there yet "This place is great all the way around.  Went there for happy hour and had a variety of wines by the glass plus a couple of different antipasto plates.  Also  and the service is amazing. The staff is very knowledgeable about the wines and food ... I never ask a question they can't answer! The atmosphere is chill and classy I love everything about this former garage turned restaurant. Great patio during the spring and fall and wonderful ambiance inside. I would usually make a meal out of the bruschetta plate alone I love coming here for happy hour when I'm in town.  $5 glasses of wine between 11 am - 5 pm everyday.  Nice selection of reds/whites to choose from.  They also have delicious paninis and bruschetta.  Their desserts are also really yummy!  Everything is reasonably priced.  The outdoor patio makes the food and wine even more enjoyable. "Some of the girls and I decided to venture out of the hotel bar and try out some local flavor.  We found this ""wine bar"" not far from our hotel and thought what a great way to wind down the evening.  We arrived a little after 9pm and the wait was 20 minutes. (I now know that they have specials on Tuesday nights!)  Anyway  eat. drink. eat some more." "Went back just to see if it was as good as it was the last time.  It was.  This place is worth a stop.  We took friends and they loved it.  The bruschetta and antipasta board are great.  Wines by the glass also very good.  Go "Danielle and I decided to check this place out after it was highly recommended from one of the guys at the Montelucia pool.  It's a good thing we did since it was pretty awesome!  Cute lil place...very romantic if you were on a date.  The menu is very simple ranging from paninis and salads.  Since Danielle and I wanted the same two paninis from the menu "Wine and bruschetta: what can go wrong?  I really enjoyed my visit to Postino.  My friend and I sat outside because we felt like the inside was a little too loud.  The patio was pleasant even for an August Phoenix evening.  I ordered bruschetta while my friend got the panini/soup.  We should have shared because the bruschetta was HUGE.  Four huge slices that were each cut into four pieces.  I picked: smoked salmon "I had one of their sandwiches with a mini  picture of beer for lunch the other day.  The building  and atmosphere are great  and the food was realistically priced and absolutely DELICIOUS!"  and the atmosphere is very cool. Five stars when I try the wine."  was that they have cans of soda.  I like fountain soda better I definitely recommend this place to anyone!" I love this place!!!  I love their Happy Hours...  Great place to go with friends and have a glass of wine at the patio Great place.  I've been going here for years and it only gets better!  Is there any way I can get them to open one in Seattle?  I don't love it. The $20 deal is good value (bottle of wine & bruschetta). Full price is not. The bruschetta ingredients are cold There is one problem...if you don't like to give your car to a valet  great food and reasonable prices. No need to be a wine snob to appreciate this place. Bruschetta is a must as is valet usually."  and wine selection.  Customer service is great and a fun and inviting ambiance.  Try the bruchetta and the picnic salad." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g Their Bruschetta selection was absolutely amazing. SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  great service!! Love the brushetta and cheese plate  great drinks. It's a little trendy but it's hard not to be when the atmosphere and food is perfect!!" We also just found out about a special they have going on Monday and Tuesday's starting at 8pm..... $20 for your choice of brischetta and a bottle of their house wine. (PS: by house wine they mean any bottle that is on the menu!!!)" And hence my rating of 4 stars rather than 5. If the parking was easier  a few of the valet guys actually CHASED AFTER this greyhound and I'm pretty sure one of them got into his car to find it. The staff literally organized an impromptu search party for a dog that could run upwards of 60 MPH. That is some damn good service. And I love that they have neighborhood night deals and that you can friend them on facebook and get a special word of the day to get $5 glasses of wine no matter what time of night!" I heart the Postino with the mostest!"  one of the best places in PHX to get drinks Next time I am in Phoenix I will definitely be coming back here. Each and every time." Absolutely Heavenly! The Cheese Maybe this place was more like 2 1/2 -3 but I was so disappointed with the food and ambiance that I have to round down to 2.  This place is probably great during happy hour but when you're paying full price The service is amazing. The food is perfectly presented and full of distinct flavors. The atmosphere is upbeat and relaxed AT THE SAME TIME! I don't know how they did it Or at least what I would like to eat there." "The $20 bruschetta board and bottle of wine deal is too good to pass up even though I think the bruschetta here isn't that great. The bread is too chewy and I felt like I was fighting with it just to get a bite. Our waiter was fantastic. We got there a little before 8 and asked if it's too early to get the $20 deal and he said ""I'll make it happen"". He was genuinely nice and gave us several different wines to taste. I'd rather go to Kazimierz but I will definitely come back here on a Monday or Tuesday to take advantage of the wine and bruschetta deal." If I'm ever back in Phoenix I'll make sure to visit this location (or its other outpost where a buddy of mine saw the McCains)." TIP: avoid the crowd by arriving before 6:30 or after 8:30. Our 7:00 arrival left us waiting 40 min for a table but my 4 stars says it was well worth it!"  $20 for a bottle of wine and bruschetta is an awesome deal.  (Mon and Tues nights)  The wait was long and it was loud inside  thanks Amber W for the gift!!!" "Popped in for the $5 wine and tasty bruschetta.  As always was amazing.  The wine was a Chardonnay from Washington called Mirth and it was very good.  Being from Washington I was surprised I had never tried it before but I'm glad I know about it now.  I went with 4 kinds of bruschetta first the smoked salmon and pesto one of my fav's then keeping with the pesto theme I had the salami and pesto Little extra bonus.........Valet Parking $3.00 ( which now  excellent service and great food.  Its nice to find someplace out side of Scottsdale  and order more wine. You will be fully satisfied and will have had a great night. Do recommend it to your other friends SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  all with a whole bunch of friends and we are loud so I forgive the waiter for forgetting to bring extra dressing or my soup. I WUV this place. I really REALLLLLLY love this place. Their tomato bisque soup is divine. I can't wait to go again and then to LGO for dessert! WOOT WOOT!" Parking is iffy  Valet sometimes a must.   We usually get there early and have no wait." Parking can be hard around here...but they offer valet for $3.." Solid 3 stars. Limited menu. Would like to go back and try the specials during the week & Happy Hour... SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  it gets packed.  The Tuesday Night special starts at 8pm." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  maybe I will check out the new one on Central next time...." everything about this restaurant is great.  scottsdale vibe without all the attitude.  good wine and great food at reasonable prices.  deals and wine.  This is the number one place on my list for those who have a sophisticated pallet.  It is busy there for a reason and definitely worth the wait."  waiting for me to devour makes the 20-40 minutes infinitely more reasonable..." The bonus is its location - across from La Grande Orange Bakery which is also super cool and Radio Milano across the street.  Anyone living in this neighborhood better realize how lucky they are."  which is free but you know you gotta tip so it's not really free." Try the happy hour special one day soon and avoid waiting for a table or attempting to find parking Thanks for making our first visit so great!"  and it was definitely more than enough to feed the both of us (with some left over!).  I would highly recommend this little gem to anyone who appreciates good food and great value." Still my fav wine bar.. I just dont get it wrong when I suggest Postino to anyone.. they love it as much as I do.. Tonight I noticed the crowd seemed a bit older.. and the bruschetta wasnt sliced real mouth friendly.. but that is okay.. your still high in my book Postino:-) "City girls find Postino. Last night my cousin brought me to this place and I fell in love with it. The ambiance is warm and inviting. The staff was courteous first time here the coke'd up owner stopped by our table and hit on my girlfriend. I would have never come back if he wasn't doing such a kick ass job with this place. Its really well done. The one wall opens up onto a wooden deck letting in the warm breeze. Food is well done and they have an excellent beer and wine selection. Style and substance. Prices aren't so bad either. If you haven't been in yet and you love to lounge  but they actually succeed without being pretentious or overpriced. Seriously  a nice place to visit on a week night.  I hear the happy hour is awesome  I could easily stop by on my way home from work every night." What's nice is they let my well-behaved dog join us on the patio."  was I mistaken!  This place definately lives up to the hype.  The artichoke dip and hummus were like the best I've ever had.  The wait staff was very friendly  was surprised I'd recommended a place with such poor service.  I explained it had never been that way before.  Regardless Just another reason why Phoenix is a pretty cool city. Just as San Diego should stay classy Love this place and I' would go back again and again." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  I advise you to stop what you are doing (but finish reading my review) then head over to Postino.  I will tell you to go with no intention of being in and out because I have yet to dine with out a wait.  Get yourself a glass of wine and chill out."  but you definitely feel like a celebrity dining at Postinos!" Ambiance is great too. You can walk in dressed up or dressed down and not feel out of place. Lighting is low. Mood is chill. Service is great too."  since my friends rave about it. So I finally got my opportunity to experience Postinos yesterday... Sunday Funday. It definitely felt like summer w/  the live reggae band that actually sounded more like Jack Johnson... enjoyed the music either way... while drinking amazingly refreshing sangrias. I was eager to order from their impressive wine list (definitely next time) Yesterday she said ""I wish we could find a Postino on every vacation we take.""    I think that sums it up - I always feel like I'm relaxed on a little vacation when I'm at Postino." I'm in Arizona for another couple weeks After lunch you can even walk next door to LGO and shop for goodies! Gifts SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  but at least I'm still smiling from the memories!! Thanks Posties!!" Great location - fabulous service - and nice wine selection!"  you have to try the olive sampler platter. It's brilliant. Even their soups are delicious. If I ever move  everyone is so friendly and makes sure you are taken care of. They have a great wine list which they change frequently and the best part about postino is.. the bruschetta!! Have to get the apple "My favorite place on a Monday or Tuesday night!  $20 for a huge plate of bruschettas and a bottle of wine....need I say more?  The atmosphere is just right.  Low key and classy feel.  I almost want to say Starbucks for wine  figs and the like.  The valet parking and the Range Rovers out front made me nervous for the clientele that comes here (as my boyfriend and I pull up in my Kia) but I have never had such excellent service.  In fact when we walked in we were slightly overwhelmed and didn't quite know who to talk to about a table when the hostess walks up to us and asks if we needed help and my boyfriend blurted out ""we don't know what we're doing!"" and without even smirking she said she'd take our name for our table of 4 and then come find us when one was available I can't go to Postino without having some of their infamous bruschetta... we ordered the artichoke It's hard to provide a review of a specific time there since I go often but that should speak volumes since nobody would go back to a place over and over again if it weren't great!"  all wine $5/ glass in the afternoon. My friends and I always make it a point to dine here (sometimes twice) when we are in the area. Embiance is great  go here.  An old friend of mine owns this place.  Food is awesome and the staff rules!  (Tom T. ;))  The wine selection will melt your soul and the atmosphere is killer.  Have fun." "Postino is one of my favorite places around. It is such a cute little place in an old post office that opens up so there is an inside area and also a patio area but the inside area is breezy and still sort of outdoors. Their bruschetta is soooo good! My favorites are the apple & brie and also the roasted peppers with goat cheese. Their sandwiches  the bottom line is get the bruschetta and enjoy your favorite wine with friends in this nice environment for socializing and enjoying your favorite vino."  and the chicken salad is the best I've ever had!  Would eat there everyday if I lived closer." "One of my fav places that I would recommend to anyone! The atmosphere is intimate and trendy. They have a good wine selection and delicious food. I would recommend the bruschetta which comes in 12 different flavors. The Brie & Apple and the Prosciutto & Figs are the best in my book. The staff is also friendly and helpful. They provided me with some great suggestions on wine after asking a few questions. Overall  a pretzel stick and salted caramel. They must make the caramel fresh as the unmistakable smell filled the restaurant a couple minutes after ordering it. Oh and that table by the door turned out to be a great spot for people watching and the valet was friendly and quick. I can admit when I am wrong OH and I learned (the $3 way) that you always say to the Valet that you are going to Le Grand Orange  I'd go back even though parking is a pain." Yum! and more Yum!  We went for dinner and got really lucky that we didn't have to wait. The bruschetta is wonderful and they have a great wine selection.  Just thinking about how good everything was makes my mouth water and I want to go back.  and it's consistently good. I can't wait to come back to try the other bruschetta flavors!"  but I'll definitely be back soon for another panini for lunch." I will never come back there during their weekend dinner rush and probably will not be back during the summer. Otherwise Made me want to buy a house in walking distance and move in." The food is amazing.  The service could not be better.  The ambiance is nice and casual. The price is more than reasonable.  I have no criticisms for this restaurant and encourage everyone to go!"  but I wonder who can partake on weekdays..."  boards and wine...other than the atmosphere.  straight out of old portland for those who love a real hangout place.  hot day or cold  the ambiance can be so indulgent. Postino's did not disappoint. With a cool cast and crew of waiters and cooks; the atmosphere was like a kool dry place. I do wish there was more seating; but what can you do about that? Bring a smile & your love here and the night will feel forever young!" Postinos is ALWAYS good. But Reggae Sundays are a real treat."  Im a huge fan of  the Cucumber Honey Lemonade. Just remember one thing...be open minded about trying new things. Its all fresh! Nothing processed or frozen. Good luck and enjoy :-)"  this is the benchmark. I love the food and service is always top notch. You have to pay to park I am definitely coming back for their bruschettas once I fly out there."  and all for under $100 total! I've had $500 dinners that weren't as satisfying. The manager overheard us mentioning that my brother and his wife met here on their first date and we were treated to Prosecco on the house. Great experience  friends or dates. Fabulous ambiance inside (always have fabulous music) or on the patio (Central location is my fave). Love the simple modern decor peppered with mid-century touches.  I've used them for catering and it's been a delight and clients LOVE Postino! Nothing on the menu is the wrong choice  holidays...and the list goes on..."  and the good food and relaxed atmosphere has made me a believer.  If you're a nightlife fan then come here at dinnertime or after a movie.  If you're a foodie (like me) I recommend coming here for lunch (or Sunday Brunch) when its more relaxed and not as crowded.  If you're a wine buff Great for any occasion. The salty sundae is unusual and fantastic.  The bruschetta addictive. I will admit I have only been on Monday and Tuesday nights and some may be mad that I'm sharing this secret spot but its always been a good experience. Monday and Tuesday nights they have a bottle of wine and Bruschetta special for $20 bucks. I would guess about 20-30 wines to pick from that regularily range between 20-40 bucks (of course still 10 bucks in a grocery store) and four servings of bruscetta with about  8 or 9 different choices. They have live music on weekends and I've heard its packed on sunday afternoons as well. They offer valet parking and free parking on the streets and nearby parking lot. Service is great keep in mind you may be waiting on monday tuesday nights 30-45 minutes for a table if you come in before 9. I absolutely love postino arcadia. The bruschetta is always delicious and the wine deals are great! Everyone is always very nice and friendly! Okay so back to the moral f the story I paid so much to get so little and what little I got was not impressive at all. I was actually embarrassed as I brought a few friends from out of town there and they also thought the food was gross. I felt like they would never trust my judgement again." Get the tomato jam bruschetta it's the best. Followed by salami pesto and the roasted peppers. Such a great spot  as I felt it was one of those mocha Sundays after a beer Saturday.  The mocha was the best I have ever had.  I also ordered for our table the Mozzarella and Tomatoes which was really tasty and was the perfect size appetizer.  I ordered my fave SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g If you're thinking about going during happy hour or for dinner Great place to sit back and talk with friends"  any other wine bar.. Can compare.. Yummy sweets..& staff is amazingly nice.. Even though this place is always standing room only.."  but only in speed. I'd say they need a few extra hands but that would just add more bodies to an already packed house ( I have never seen this place slow) so I'm perfectly content sitting back and waiting. Give yourself some time if you plan to visit Obsessed with Postinos! I live right down the street from there and frequent it quite often. I'm a vegetarian so it's sometimes difficult for me to eat places but at Postino's they have wonderful meat-free bruschetta options. They also have excellent Sangria for those who are looking for a lighter fruity alternative to wine. I like to go there on Sunday's and drink $5 Sangria pints and listen to the reggae band. So fun!  nice for a casual dinner and the wait staff is generally terrific!" "This is going to be short and sweet.... The bruschetta is one of the best around. I luv the idea of 4 different flavors on one plate. A couple of my favorites are the proscuitto and fig and the goat cheese and tomato jam. So so so...so good. The paninis are just as scrumptious. I am partial to salty and sweet flavors mixed so I go with the proscuitto and fig jam one and it always hits the spot. But  cheese and bruschetta.  I hate their lineups."  for lunch and we had a missing sandwich. We called to tell them this and not only did one of the employee's bring us a refund The building is an old post office. How unique!"  service and atmosphere were fantastic. I'm visiting a friend and she's definitely planning to go back. We had a bruschetta sampler This is always where I go for special occasions or when I have out of town guests.  This place is definitely 5 stars." The only downside is the limited parking and valet parking." This place is amazing and one of our favorites when visiting Scottsdale. The Bruschetta is by far the best I have ever had (several varieties to select from) with a large enough portion for two. They also have a great wine list ($5 a glass between 11-4). Asked the waiter for any evening special for the week ( They had a plate of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for a great price after 8pm) SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g Since it's starting to cool off I know I'll be back a bit more." Oh and they have a ""People Love Us On Yelp Sticker""!" You've got to go there for Saturday lunch. All glasses of wine are only $5. Their bruschetta is phenomenal. I recommend getting the pub board and asking for soft pretzels instead of the bread. The pretzels are freshly made and out of this world. Oh and that beer? Loved it too." My only complaint remains their monopoly on parking and the pretty much mandatory valet.  Just let me park my own God damn car!  If you don't mind walking a bit can't wait to go back!" SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g Can't wait to go back!"  fig and mascapone bruchetta. This is a must try!"  but you can sacrifice a little bit of the quality than I would recommend The Living Room in South Chandler.  Otherwise I am simply in love with Postino. Everything about this place is food for my soul. We live in Tucson now and every time we come up I have to make a trip here. SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  I've never had fig before and they made my experience there quite memorable.  I definitely recommend you come in (sigh) Between this place and LGO it may be cheaper for me to just move again further away." I highly recommend it." I will come back to this restaurant next time I am in town for spring training  before it got famous.  so dun swamp this place with your wannabe friends :)  bring nice people okay :)"  and a large plank of four different sets of specialty bruschetta. The ambiance is upwardly-lounge-casual; perfect for both a date night or meeting friends after work." lots of servers always milling around casually so you are well attended to..."  and it's pretty cheap for what you get (a lot of food). They have free valet parking if you can't find any parking on the street." I love this place! I've been to this location several times and have yet to be disappointed. They have $5 glasses of wine until 5pm everyday (sangria on sundays) . The food is delicious!! Service is great and they always have good music playing! I was torn between this place and LGO but was at LGO for breakfast.  Pretty happy I picked Postino for lunch.  Sandwich selection was unique (Prosciutto with Brie) and the general ambiance during lunch was real nice.  ambience and wait staff"  it is the perfect snack to enjoy on their comfy patio benches with a pitcher of happy hour beer. I only wish it was a little bit cheaper to enjoy the offerings at Postino  tomato and mozzerela. I make sure to add chicken. The Mediterranean is my go-to salad but I vary between all of their salads. You really just can't go wrong with anything on the menu here. And it tastes even better with wine. Doesn't everything?" We are excited to go Sunday from 12-3 for $5 Sangria and live reggae!"  the food is delicious (try the brie panini) and there are plenty of wines to choose from. Plan on spending an hour or two to relax." the salami and pesto bruschetta is THE BEST! wash it down with some sangria and your tummy will be cured of the rumblies. Some of the people that go there are wannabe foodies and snobs though  super convenient location and free valet! I look forward to making this place a frequent lunch stop." This is an awesome place to go with friends or a date! Made me feel like I wasn't in  Arizona anymore. The vibe is super hip and classy. A group of my friends and I went on a Monday evening and loaded up on their $20 bruschetta and wine deal. The bruschetta was the best I've ever had! Plan to go back for brunch!  and a great patio outside. It has a very intimate feel and would be a great place for a date. It does get very busy & crowded in the evening so keep that in mind. There is usually a wait on Mondays & Tuesdays after 8pm. Service gets a little slow during their busy times. My favorite bruschetta is Brie & Apples with Fig Spread. It is very sweet! If you're desiring a salad the Raspberry Chicken salad is great. Very flavorful! I also really like the Turkey Panini Seems as if the LGO owners have taken a cue from Houston's... which is the type of place that gives Scottsdale a bad reputation. The type of service that scares out-of-towners away from Arizona because we are too ""snooty.""" It seems to me the rest of the menu is just okay."  you will have to park down the street on campbell near the residential streets." People watching is fun at this location if you're into a varying crowd.  The decor is fun and the staff is friendly and seems very relaxed as well as catering to locals.  The acoustics are surprisingly good for the setup and there is occasional live entertainment as well.  As most have experienced here This is all time favorite place in arcadia and top ten places ive ever been to...i love to go there on mondays and tuesdays for a bottle and a board for $20...you get a bottle of wine and a boatd of bruschetta its fabulous...the whole restaurant is open it looks like an old garage...there are heaters so you will not get cold...they also have paninis salads soup and a few other things...their wine selection is great and the staff is friendly... "Still one of my favorites.  The bruschetta is delicious and the fact that you can order different kinds appeasing my non-commital inability to make a decision self.  Tuesday nights are almost impossible to get a seat at now that they have a special running where you can get a bruschetta board and a bottle of wine for like $20.00 bucks or something ridiculous.  Have small bills with you as the parking situation almost requires that you go through the valet.  The restaurant is great for a light nibble or a heavier dinner if you get a pressed sandwich or salad.  (The chicken salad in particular is one of my favorites)  You'll see a lot of couples here on first dates (which can be a lot of fun to people watch)  I've seen some really awkward dates  or you won't find a parking place...or a table."  but I confess my cheese-avoidance got lost between the brie and the apples and smothered with fig. For me the bread was just a tad too soft "Went there for an early brunch and we were driving to LA so we skipped the wine!  Their bruschetta is absolutely outstanding. The best we've eaten. Ever. We would go just for that again :-) oh  and *almost* like I don't miss New York (my home for the past 6 years). The atmosphere is lively and the service has always been friendly and attentive. The pub board and bruschetta (esp prosciutto & fig) are delicious and cut into portions perfect for sharing. Go with friends  make a cozy wine bar in the middle of a trendy part of town and serve a great selection of wine as well as a unique menu of assorted bruschetta.  The staff was friendly "Great ambiance! Perfect for a girls get together or a romantic date....The Monday and Tuesday night special is a MUST!  The $20 special includes a bottle of wine (your choice) and 2 bruschetta boards! It's amazingly delicious!!! What a great deal Luved the Bruschetta....For 12.75 you get a choice any 4 from the Bruschetta options...My fav was the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone...Amazingly tasty !!!! A recommended pick for sure...Good place for wine and a chat with frndz. This is one of my favorite places to visit in the valley. Good wine and yummy apps. I've been here several times and I've never been disappointed. This place is a must!  Postino is the place!  I've never been disappointed."  well if you haven't been you are sorely missing out.  I love the old brick style building surrounded by lush flora.  The decor is modern yet comfy.  Don't miss this place!" My girlfriends arrive tomorrow.  Postino is a definite stop.   Love it!" Excellent bruschetta and a nice wine selection. We went during lunch and parking is a bit of a nightmare but once we got inside we were seated rather quickly. The design is crisp and trendy. Cool place and we'll be back. Maybe sit outside next time.  great place to share a bottle of wine and sample some of the many bruschettas.  Food is great here but menu is short and  would appreciate some options with a bit more substance.  Prices are good and Hoegaarden on tap is superb.  No reservations here so arrive early."  to the atmosphere (the outdoor setting area is beautiful on Arizona evenings). Every person that I bring to Postino Winecafe is pleased with their experience and even go back without me. They have great specials on Sunday afternoons too! With that said When you have a tiny menu you should do what you have amazingly!! But my sandwich lacked prosciutto. I didn't find the chips to be amazing either. Overall I felt pretty let down. And I can think of at least 2 places that bruschetta is done better in the valley." "This is the perfect setting for a girls day on a Sunday afternoon.  Share a bottle of wine while listening to Walt Richardson perform.  Couldn't get any better than this. Also Food was ok bread was stale on my sandwich. But service was not good at all! God for bid you ask them to split a check. I was told she cannot do it. Only if we told her when we sit down to start. Well my friends came 30min before me and my wife.  Been in restaurants for 20 years and you do what ever it take to make your customers happy.  So bottom line is we will not be going back for stale bread and half ass service. "I'm embarrassed at the number of times I've eaten here since it opened.  i used to live half a mile from here and was one of the first people in the door.  The bruschetta is the best in town--period SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  ever. A valley staple that I recommend highly  it is genius.  I was there with my twin mom group (about 12 moms of twins) Love this place.  Love all the food and the staff is great.  We drive from Gilbert to have lunch at Postino's Arcadia.  We understand a new location here in Gilbert will be opening soon.  Can hardly wait. I do recommend this place to everyone I meet.  speechless. This place is AMAZING. I had pretty high expectations of this place and I was still blown away by the level of excellence this place carries. My amore and I decided to give this place a whirl on a Friday night This time we sat on the patio since it was a little quieter in order to chat and despite the chillier weather (I say that loosely "Always a great place to go for a light meal New favorite stop-by-when-we're-in-town place."  and food. I love meeting my friends here after work. Please open one in the East Valley!" An overall great experience.  I can't wait to return so I can try the rest of the bruschettas!"  but there was just no room.  perhaps next time we skip the dip and save room."  no tastings. But for the audience it attracts who are easily impressed by over-priced glop and wine in a trendy area The cheese board - amazing!" Ambience- reason enough to come back as often as socially acceptable. The industrial rustic interior is full of character and all in all just a wonderful place to be!" I would also highly recommend the cheese board! Nothing was left unfinished on ours!"  and had good music so all was right in the world:) The parking could be a problem but I got lucky and was able to pull right in. The bathrooms are unisex....eeeewh....but clean. As long as they remain clean I will keep my rating at 5 stars  and proscuitto with dates and pistachios.....sometimes I get it without the proscuitto.  Perfect trendy place to take out of town guests!"  and the food...wow. The bruschetta goes unmatched in the Valley and pretty much any other place I've visited. It's so good that I don't bother to order it anywhere else. Nothing compares. The chicken and mozzarella panini has quickly become my favorite sandwich in town. I sub the pesto in for the mayo  and any of their salads are a delicious choice. I love both the Arcadia and Central locations the same; Arcadia seems to be where I frequent the most just due to proximity of our home. If you haven't been Postinos is an excellent place to grab a glass of wine and a light meal. There is an excellent patio and lounge area. I like that its good for intimate setting but they can also accommodate larger groups. They have a great selection of $5 wines which they offer on happy hour till 5pm everyday. Mondays and Tuesdays have $20 bottle of wine and bruschetta. We've tried all their bruschettas and we love each one! Theyre surprisingly filling--all fresh ingredients!  red peppers. The music and the service were great. Would definitely come back."  but nothing too special. The italian picnic salad was also just ok. I couldn't taste the vinaigrette that's supposed to be on it at all... maybe they forgot to put it on... or maybe it is ridiculously light. The other ingredients were good  a little bit of wonderful with great food and plentiful draughts It's way too loud in here. I prefer the Central Ave. location.  and other appetizer like stuff.  Great swanky wine bar type place.  Everything is delicious!!!" Postinos is also a great source for entertainment. People think it's a great first or second date spot. They are wrong. The one down town is significantly quieter and a way better date spot. But I love this place so much and cannot tell more ppl enough about this place!!! So come here and enjoy!!!" I always go on Mondays and Tuesdays after 8 for their bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20. Its to die for and a good deal! My favorite bruschetta is the roasted peppers with goat cheese. My mouth is watering just thinking about it! YUM  which I truly appreciate instead of having to fend for myself in that crowded cramped lot." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  not as great for a big group.  My recco is not to do dinner there (though their grilled cheese and soup is delish and the apple & brie bruschetta rocks too) but go for the wine and leave room for dessert.  They are all delicious.  The portion sizes are just right for sharing.  Creme brulee is my favorite and the salted caramel sundae is also divine (chocolate covered corn nuts? who knew these were so tasty!).    If you aren't in a wine mood  - though why would you be at a wine bar then - the Mr. Qcumber Soda is a unique little refreshing beverage.    Enjoy!"  they will not take reservations of less than six and WILL NOT seat you until your whole party is available.  Not so good for the group I usually go with but we're all learning to be more timely!  It can be a long wait but worth it!" Valet is a must usually around this spot since the parking is quite horrible. But when you expect it I know this review sounds mean and since I have heard such great things I am willing to give this place another try.  I will order a panini and hopefully get quicker service.  If things are better I will be happy to revise my review- if not I will put Postino's in my OVERRATED category" BEST BRUSCHETTA EVER!!!!"  and very helpful with the wine selection.  I now have a new favorite wine...Zweigelt by Berger.  Yummy.  And the Bruchetta  it wouldn't be a trip to Postino's without bruschetta. My personal faves? Proscuitto and Marscipone  we got seated and ignored. It took another hour (!) for our bruschetta to arrive to our table. We left feeling hungry  and  neglected. The worst part is that I started to ask around and I have three (3) other friends with almost the exact same experience. After so many happy years at Postino's  the food is still superb. and that sundae? Never had a better one the only complaint is the wait on mondays and tuesdays. the hostess told us it was an 80 minute wait. it only ended up being 40....wtf. haha"  the service is very friendly and attentive whenever I go in  and very happy that I finally went!"  but it seems like Postinos Arcadia might just be getting comfortable with their reputation and has stopped caring about the quality of food and service they were so well known for.  I want to acknowledge that Tues. evenings come w/ a coupon for a reduced board and bottle of wine after 8 p.m.  I was there at prime dinner hour and felt like I was treated as a customer coming only for the ""Special of the Day"".  I could go just about anywhere in Arcadia and find mediocre bruschetta and service and pay a whole lot less." Probably my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Probably." You have to try this place  and wine.  Happy Hour is one of the best"  asked if I wanted water or anything to drink while I was waiting for a table. In my second visit that was 2 months later I received the same service :)  I love the live music on Sundays and the food is excellant. The bruchetta board is the best and filling. Just enough food for 2. Having Sierra Navada on the beer list is a great plus as well." This was the place my girlfriend and I went for our first date 4 years ago. Been hooked ever since. If you don't go I will not be offended it just means I don't have to wait as long. Really it is a great place for wine and light food. Postinos... seee ya on my next road trip... or you can open up a location in southern california =)"  be patient and above all be open minded.  You may discover a dish you would have never considered and love it."  can't you people get in touch with your heritage and the supernal realm by playing classical music? Not only does this music complement the aura of the wine bar But that is a small price to have a nice spot to enjoy food with friends."  but date spot in the valley... Fair prices (esp. during happy hour) and the BEST bruschetta I've ever had... Period...end of discussion." Came here twice and loving it. Great place to take friends out for drinks And chill. Or on a hip date.awesome  food and price. Favorite is the smoke salmon brushetta.  parking stinks but they do offer complimentary valet during limited hours." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  just hopefully on a not so crowded evening to really get a feel for it." Mondays and Tuesdays are busy for a reason. The $20 wine & bruschetta deal is fantastic and is perfect portion size. If you are starving or care for an appetizer Only two negatives - parking can be difficult and overcrowding can be an issue inside. So if you go on the weekends make sure to go early or be ready to stand and drink wine while you wait :)" -KC ""Wildman"" Slager" Also - valet is only $3... totally worth it."  the staff was courteous and accommodating as they worked to make sure we were taken care of to the best of the abilities.  Will return again very soon!"  and everyone told us that the food in Phoenix will never be as good as the food in New York.  We COMPLETELY disagree - the food at Postino was far better than the food at our ""go to"" neighborhood wine bar in NY.  We could not believe how delicious the food was at Postino "Wonderful food and wine.  The bruschetta boards are enough for a small meal for two people.  The atmosphere of Postino's is relaxed so that you are comfortable sitting enjoying your food and drinks without feeling rushed.  Make a reservation I love Postinos!!!  My only complaint was that it was to far a drive but have just heard you are coming out to Gilbert!!  Very very excited!! I've never had a bad experience here.  They have a great happy hour and I will drive for miles to order Postino's bruchetta.  I'm a fan for life! "Would consider it my favorite wine bar in Arizona so far. The board (4 different types of bruschetta) were pheonomal. The rose wine was a perfect choice recommends by the server. Ordered the turkey pesto panini and extremely pleased. Salad was delicious with the order... And the olive plate was good.  Parking is about 3 bucks. Bathrooms were very clean. Many different options of wine and alot of them tasted amazing. Good service aok0MhWMMw6t4WcuQKLkxA Great place for a first date." "The bruschetta is amazing. And the wine is great too. And $5 before 5 p.m. everyday. Also "This place had such a great atmosphere. The wine list had a really good selection to suite just about any taste. Their food was great too. I highly recommend trying their bruscetta The turkey panini was delicious and the service was good.  It also helped that Walt Richardson was performing. All and all a great treat.  especially goat cheese and fig) for a wonderful experience. I tasted my friend's $5 Sunday white Sangria and had to have one of my own. There were blackberries  figs & Mascarpone cheese. Mouth watering just thinking about it. Sundays during 11-3 they offer cool laid back tunes by Walt Richardson and $5 refreshing white sangria. A great way to relax at the end of the weekend." The whole ordeal was very off putting so my friend and I stayed for a bit and then went to another restaurant"  great service EXCLAMATION MARK. Overall it was a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon."  always fun to try them all and order for others; the soups in winter; the prosciutto and brie sandwhich  and a tip? They have a special Monday and Tuesday nights after 8:00pm....a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine. WIN :-)" I literally can not wait to go back to this place." "Favorite wine bar by far! More for the food of course. Bruchetta....is the best you will ever find. It's more of a french bread with toppings. Not super crunchy...a tad chewy. The prosciutto Enjoy Postino's atmosphere and selection of wines and food. I especially enjoy sitting outdoors with the garage doors open. My favorite times are Sunday afternoon with the live music. I had a girls night out last Saturday.  Bruschetta was so yummy!  We tried four different kinds.  They were all very good.  I can't wait to go again!!! "ABSOLUTELY AMAZEBALLZ.  This is the place my ""girlz"" and I go when we want to get out and have great food. LOVE LOVE LOVE their brushetta and the chicken raspberry salad. OMG!" "There are a lot of wine bars popping up across the Valley in the last few years and they are pale imitations of this.  Postino's is great.  Love the atmosphere and the Bruschetta boards are amazing.  Lots of choices and each board is a large serving I finally made it to Postino after hearing great things from many people.  We came on a Tue night to meet up with another couple we hadn't seen in awhile.  Mon and Tue they have the special where you get a bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20.  This is a great deal.  The place was crowded so if you go make sure you go early and get your name in.  The nice thing is that you can start drinking your bottle while you wait.  We were waiting for around 45 min before we got a table but we were having fun nonetheless.  The bruschetta was amazing and there were many different types to choose from.  We also tried the grilled cheese which was delightful.  We will definitely be back again and I am excited to try more things on the menu."  salads as well. The service staff ( Miles & Josh) are awesome! Very friendly and helpful. A ++"  maybe try a few other bruschettas.  It will be hard to not to to LGO next door though..."  they have marketed a concept and people are loving it so they're doing something right in many people's opinions."  really guys. Stop reading this review. If a f*cking place has over 400 hundred reviews AND is able to hold a standing of over 4 stars...its a good place! Don't have to read any further! You know what $5 for wine so we each grabbed a glass real fast and sat and chatted. Happy hour ends at 5 btw so go early. The crowd was light at 5 and we chatted for a good hour or so before ordering our first bruschetta board. You get 4 pieces of each selection and you can select 4 different types. The apple fig one was amazing of course the classic tomato mozzarella was to die for. The prosciutto and date melted in your mouth! We gnawed on that for about 30 mins then ordered another to try 4 more! We sat and chatted drinking just water and they kept filling our water glasses and in the 3 hours that we were there and while their waiting list portables grew they didn't rush us out of there at all. This is definitely going to be a staple on my hang out list now that I live closer!" Great place in the sun!" The atmosphere here is laid back and beautiful. If you want to dazzle your friends from out of town or take some one on a first date The chef must have a great knowledge of foods and flavors that compliment one another because I cannot recall trying a dish that I did not like. Bruschettas are great because you get to try four different flavors in one order. Last time we went I had their chicken and mozzarella panini which was delicious. I highly recommend you try this place." "Postino's is a great date restaurant. Especially on Mondays and Tuesdays when they have their $20 bruschetta and bottle of wine special. You can choose any bottle of wine off of their fairly long list of wines and get a delicious board of bruschetta for only $20. Major win. The proscuitto and fig is my absolute favorite "My parents just arrived in town yesterday for a few days to meet my fiance's parents and celebrate our engagement with us.  They are staying at the Biltmore and wanted to try something close to the hotel.  There was only one truly amazing place that I could think of....POSTINO'S!!!  This place always delivers amazing food and service.  We had some wine(which was delicious) I LOVE this place!  My sister jokes that the only reason she comes to visit me in Arizona is for Postino's!  Italian dressing. The only downside is the parking. Very limited and usually you have to valet. If you are in the neighborhood I recommend walking or biking. All in all this place will not disappoint."  and trendy. I ordered the Bellini and it was delicious. I personally dont think they have a wide selection of drinks. The bruschetta is amazing though. I absolutely loved it. The portions are great and make you full. I loved the olives they brought out too. The music was not too loud so you would have to scream to be heard. Overall I always have a splendid time at Postino. The food is wonderful and usually comes out pretty quickly. Fun atmosphere and I love the historic building.  the comfortable patio and wonderful selection of wines to choose from make Postino Arcadia a 5 star location!" Went to Postino Arcadia. Enjoyed Postino Arcadia. I would say GO to Postino Arcadia! You cant go wrong with any combo of the bruchetta and the Nine Iron is one of my all time favorite sandwiches anywhere  but I love lounging outside on week nights when it's not quite as busy. I always meet fun people here that are also soaking up the good vibes. I officially can never move away from Arcadia." I need to find a place like this in the Bay Area!" "I flew in from a chilly gray day in San Antonio to a gorgeous day in Phoenix. Had lunch on the patio here.. just wanted something light and this was perfect. Assorted Bruschetta  and of course wine.  Service can be a little slow from time to time but not a big deal.  Love the sparkling sav blanc on a hot day.  Cool atmosphere as well." Check out Sangria Sundays."  I would prefer sitting outside its pretty much just candle light inside a little are to read the menus.  Hands down the best thing on the menu is the bruschetta.  This is a good place to start your night with some apps and wine.  Although I was expecting a larger wine list then they provided.  The building is a cool place in itself its an old post office converted to a restaurant so you still have the glass bay doors on the building." That's all that really needs to be said."  and of course the wine. Great place to catch up with friends. I can't wait for the location in Gilbert to open up."  to wrap things up: this place is pretty good I would definitely come back to this place. ^_^" SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  and a great variety. Five stars for the Bruschetta. The salads were good  but whenever I am up I make a point to get to Postino. As the bumper sticker says ""Drinking Wine at Lunch is Not a Crime."" The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 is due to parking."  depending on what the soup of the day is. The Italian Picnic salad is really good. You really can't go wrong with anything you order. Everything is fresh and delicious. The atmosphere is cool and you can chill out SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g "Every time my wife and I are in Carefree she makes me drive down here at least once for lunch. What can I say that other haven't "There is nothing that I don't love about this place.  My first visit was a late afternoon lunch after a hike and we sat on the patio.  Trust me when I tell you that you MUST get the bruschetta.  I can't wait to go back.  The parking doesn't bother me a bit because it's all part of the experience-don't let it deter you.  If you want a big lot and a restaurant with crappy food Just go you will love it...trust me!" Overall - I don't go out of my way to go here  great wine selection and bruschetta your whole table will be raving about all night. I never knew I was such a big fan of Fig until I tried the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpon. You will never find me here without getting one of those. Every soup that I have tried here has been fantastic. This place is a must for every person living in the valley."  good staff. It's a great place for any occasion really... My sister and I ordered the bruschetta and split a panini and the food was most definitely AMAZING in every sense of the word. The  burst of flavors was exactly what I was looking for and totally hit the spot! If I had not had to be up at the crack of dawn the next morning I would have definitely split a bottle of wine with sis but we didn't have much time and were just wanting a bite to eat. I will be back for that wine though SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  although I will say that I wish they had checked up on us more than just once. Coming by our table asking how everything is while I'm in the middle of my first bite doesn't really count." "Fig and marscapone bruschetta is to die for. I crave it all the time! Vintage 95 in Chandler has attempted to copy Postino's recipe for success I have not located a better place to drink wine and enjoy bruschetta anywhere else in the world.  The food and wine selection are fantastic and the staff keep if flowing!!!  and Prosciutto with Figs & Marscarpone. I liked the sweet/savory combo of the Prosciutto one best and my BF said the Burrata  or beer. What can I say that everyone doesn't already know - This place is the BEST!"  arugula and tomatoes  and the warm artichoke spread are to die for! Outstanding! This is definitely a place to go! One thing that was a little annoying was how loud it is in the restaurant  and pistachios.  It's the stuff dreams are made of.  I wish they would hurry up and open the one in Gilbert.  I'm never in Arcadia at the right time anymore.  Also  and Great food = A fabulous time!" "So as expected I have nothing but good things to say about Postino Arcadia. In fact it would be silly for me to comment since it will be a repeat of what everyone else has already said. So I'll just say its a great place to hang out  lately we have been skipping this amazing offer for their honey cucumber lemonade. It is perfect in sweetness Will be back again and again!"  can't wait to go back!"  happy hour - $5 wine by glass is the best deal before 5pm" "Great. Just great. All the positive reviews say it all.  Great outdoors  make time to enjoy a visit to Postino. And while you are sitting there  the customer service is superb. I actually was able to have a relaxing lunch with a wiggly 2 and 4 year old. Fantastic!"  you would positively catch me here on a Monday or Tuesday night for their amazing $20 house bottle of wine and bruschetta special.  Oh and the Creme Brulee!" "I celebrated a friends birthday today at Postino.  It is a really busy place!  We decided that we would order a little of this and a little of that.  So we started with the NYC Grilled Cheese Sandwich.  I like it Postino's is worth it!" I ended with an affogato. You can never go wrong with this choice and Postino didn't disappoint me!" This will be the new place I take friends & family when they come to visit." Good Stuff can't beat the happy hour. Definitely sign up for their email prior to going in and you should receive a free bruschetta board email. "This is one of my favorite restaurants EVER!!  My husband and I came here 2 days before our wedding as our last date as an unmarried couple!  Our go-to meal includes: Bruschetta Board  I'm giving this location 4 stars based on the whole concept and the food (and assuming it will be better next time) but in my heart it gets 3 stars."  I'm going to give you a Paul V. guarantee that you will love Postino."  and the roasted peppers.  All excellent (although my wife couldn't take the wild game taste of the goat cheese).  We also tried some sandwiches and salads......all excellent.  Didn't try their alcohol  but the bartender seemed really cool and knowledgable as we sat at the bar waiting for our table."  I just know not to order the fresh bruschetta."  and we just paid $10 a person. Our server was very nice and attentive and easy going. I will definitely return!" Some specials they offer are wine by the glass or a pitcher of beer is $5 before 5pm everyday and Mondays and Tuesdays have specials with bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20 "love love this place. great atmosphere and great food. they have the best bruschetta and has great deals on mon and tue night after 8pm. it gets pretty packed  the salty flavor of the prosciutto combined with the sweetness of the figs is heavenly. I also love the smoked salmon and pesto combination. If you're a little hungrier and want something to yourself This restaurant is worth the wait in case you stumble upon a busy night. The atmosphere is cozy and the food is delicious. I highly recommend the bruschetta. I look forward to returning to enjoy their patio over a glass of wine from their fabulous selection and a cheese board." Best date night in town.  I LOOOOVE Postino's!!!! I know there are a lot of great reviews  atmosphere and wine. The red blend is the best wine I've ever had! Great soups and sandwiches and the bruschetta is awesome. Great staff too!" I love this place. The embiance is a cross between laid back and classy. Great wine and LOVE their bruchetta!  This is a great place relax and enjoy an evening or an afternoon. MY only wish.. Sangrias all week!" "Great place to dress up a bit and feel more of an urban vibe. Hip but not pretentious. I went to Postino's Monday night around 8pm. We were given a wait time of an hour for a party of four. The place was full but we managed to find a standing table near the bar to wait out our table. We drank a bottle of ""Available"" per the recommendation of folks next to us (heavenly) and were visited regularly by waitstaff to fill our water. The music was just the right level to support conversation I come here every time I am in Pheonix! The atmosphere is great and the so is the food and wine. My all time fave is the bruschetta. I would defiantly recommend the goat cheese bruschetta.  don't walk to Postinos (depending on how hot it is!)" The food here is amazing. I recommend the bruschetta to all first time visitors. You won't be disappointed. Just another way in which it pays tribute to its roots as Synthony Music all those years ago."  but it looked like it was exclusively valet starting at about 5pm."  and I love everything about Postino! After writing this review I need go My pal got the Italian Picnic salad ($8.50) and Tomato Jam and Sheep's Milk bruschetta ($12.75). This was the first time I tried that type of bruschetta (my favorites are the White Bean with Chopped Tomato and Warm Artichoke Spread) "I think it's pretty evident from all the rave reviews that this place is really good so I'll keep it brief.  I'd heard about this place forever and the bottle of win and bruschetta deal but I hadn't actually been until Monday night with a friend from work.  I was really excited once I saw all the differenct varieties of bruschetta we could choose from.  We ended up getting the Apple/Brie TIP - Be sure to sign up for their email list for birthday & anniversary specials!" We were there before 5 and did the $5 wine special and a bunch of the bruchettas plus a salad.  All of it was delish.  I didn't want to share!  I will say the food combos were fantastic but simple enough to try at home.  I grabbed a take-out menu and brought it back to Los Angeles and have been making my own bruchettas that taste pretty close.  My whole family raves about them."  at an excellent price on a Monday or Tuesday night.  I think it starts the week off right."  or bring a designated driver. The experience is so nice that you won't want to leave Go to Postinos on Monday and Tuesdays.  $20 for a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine.  You can even cork your wine and take home what you're not able to drink.  The special starts at 8pm and gets packed but it is so worth the wait.  This is one of my favorite restaurants.  The entire staff is absolutely wonderful and friendly.  They make every visit extremely enjoyable. Great location in Arcadia. Huge windows let in great lighting. Flowers all around the restaurant. Superb wine selection and amazing Bruschetta. Not sure about returning as I've had this food concept before except with better execution."  but parking there is very limited and you are almost forced to valet."  who helped us with our wine choices.  We ordered 4 different types of bruschetta and they were divine!  Will defiantly come back even though it was a little pricey It still wasn't that bad considering the quality."  great food and wine list. Great atmosphere and vibe too!" "The mailman delivers!  What a cool place that at one time was an old post office. Great and I mean great bruschetta. A staff that really knows their wine and points you in the right direction.  A really cool and hip crowd Thanks Postino and thanks for hiring good people." One of my all time favorite restaurants. Bruschetta is amazing!  you can get any bottle of wine and a whole board of bruschetta for $20. It's a steal I love going to this joint! Monday and Tuesday night specials with a board of bruschetta and bottle of wine... who could ask for more?!" Tomato jam bruschetta.  That's all you need to know.  prosciutto with figs and mascarpone and smoked salmon. I just wanna try them all next time." I love this place!  It's on my short list of places to make sure to take visitors.  I always get the bruschetta and there are so many different options to choose from it never gets old.  One of favorites in the valley.  but then remembered she is unable to have gluten! It was so delicious that I finished the whole board by myself! I just couldn't say no to the brie  and their chicken salad is amazing! I don't think I've ever had anything here I didn't like. Friendly i am never disappointed.  Food quality is excellent every time.  Bruschetta of any variety is to die for. I love that they serve a little dish of giant green olives in kosher salt with your wine.  Kinda like chips and salsa for the Highbrow." Loved this place! Amazing food and wine! Service was great! Beautiful experience.  eat a bruchetta board and listen to music I would.  Mixed diverse crowd and great service! win win!" Pretty awesome service! Excellent food and great music!  servers are snots like the rest of the crowd and I can't ever hear what anyone is saying cause its so fucking loud and obnoxious in there. I have been to much better places in phoenix compared to this freakin joint." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  awesome happy hour... what more could you want?!?!"  and the cheese plate delights my palate. Our party of 10 had a very enjoyable evening here with extremely attentive service. I can't ever say 'no' to Postino's. Ever!"  sometimes you may have to wait a bit.  If you've got a large party (eight or more)  and salmon/pesto. Consistently great food & drinks. Service has more spunk and personality at this Postino location too. Try the cucumber lemonade if you don't like wine or just plain water. If you order wine and it isn't happy hour Downside - parking can be tough since this place is usually hopping. But they offer valet at a staggering price of $3. That's right - 3 bucks. Not too bad to have someone park your car 20 feet away. Also I have only been here one time but it was a great experience. THe bruschetta is delicious and the wine was great. I really like the bruschetta and wine for $20 deal. You get more than what you pay for. The servers are very knowledgeable and the atmoshpere is calming.  get the bruschetta.  Sample five different versions.  It's all good!" SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  the people watching! The happy hour is good too!"  the prosciutto bruschetta with figs & mascarpone. One of the best prosciutto bruschetta's i've ever had."  since the majority of my reason for choosing an establishment is to make my fiance happy. anyway Excellent food and friendly service.  Excellent value and great atmosphere. Don't forget the Affogato (vanilla bean ice cream topped with espresso) to give ya a jolt for your car ride home." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  and the bruschetta. Live music on Sundays for lunch is amazing. The roasted peppers with goat cheese bruschetta Central location has my vote and my five stars."  but we got a table pretty quickly.  The staff was extremely helpful and knew their wine and offered great recommendations.  We were all traveling for business Service is always good. Food is always great. Hipster vibe is pretty legit. :)" The atmosphere and ambiance are close to perfect. I'll definitely bring friends here!" Favorite spot for tasty Bruchetta!! Bruschetta boards are great. Fun place! I lived within walking distance of Postino for 5 years - and it is still one of my favorite Arcadia neighborhood spots.  The wine list is always changing and is really well picked.  Their bruschetta boards are fantastic - I especially recommend the pistachio/date or the Prosciutto/fig.  Their salted caramel desert sunday is totally worth leaving room for!  This is a great place for a get together with friends or an intimate date night.  The service is always great and everyone who works there really knows their wine - so you can get advice from your server on which wines will meet your tastes each month when the new list comes out.  Brent's Picks are always a safe way to choose your wine also!  Love Love Love Postino! Just go.  Get the bruschetta.  Get a $5 glass of wine.  Get another.  Get another.  Get another.  Call a taxi.  Come back tomorrow.  Repeat as needed. Service could be toned down somewhat; very helpful but maybe a little TOO helpful."  try to slam 6 mini-pitchers in an hour!"  and the patrons were nice.. I truly enjoyed my visit and will be returning to this establishment. It wasn't expensive This place is always busy and during their busier hours it becomes mandatory to valet but otherwise very little to complain about. I love all the postino locations but Arcadia is certainly my favorite. Best atmosphere for sure." "I cannot even begin to say enough great things about Postinos! Great food (try the artichoke bruchetta...yummy)   friendly and helpful the entire time. The wine was nice and the portions are generous. The bruschetta is beyond belief good. It's really just a proven nice place to spend some time with people over good food and wine. It will always be one of my go-to places."  if I ever moved to Phoenix I'd love to work at this place! As an experienced industry person  their Happy Hour for a bottle of wine and a Bruschetta is a killer deal.  Monday and Tuesdays the deal is for $20. Check this place out if you are looking for a fun hipster type place. It is a good place to go before your group actually goes out."  service is pretty decent but be aware that the parking situation sucks as the lot in front of it will tow you for parking there." "Love this place!!! Great food Also just a side note... there are times where you want your bar to have TVs and times when you don't. Not having TVs here is NOT a negative... I'm sorry but if you show up here hoping to catch the game and eat some wings find the nearest hooters." "Never been disappointed by their food. Acoustics are bad  blows all competitors out of the water. The only thing I hate about this place A wonderful place for lunch or a casual romantic dinner!  The salads and bruschetta trays are our favorites and the wine list is fabulous! Love this place! a favorite for a leisurely afternoon lunch! "I go here every so often on Sundays for sangria with my girls. It's a nice escape and a prime location for shopping. Bruschetta is a must  just reiterate it.  Fab bruscetta!  Can't go wrong with any of those selections. I've been in the evening when it's super crowded Lunch was excellent but the music was too loud!  We requested three times the volume be reduced but it was not.  I will never suggest the Postino for a group that wants to visit. Butcher block is always a highlight and I won't give up on this fun place just yet. It simply needs some good floor management."  and the waitresses were super nice! I'll definitely be back to Postino Arcadia!" I love Postino's! Great food and wine. The only downside is that it is on the smaller side and cannot always accomodate large groups.  stop by.  You won't regret it. :)" I've only ever been for dinner and would definitely like to try their brunch." fdYVfHvHgZuVRRWSmmeBWA  and yummy bruschetta. It was a perfect spot for my birthday dinner last year  fun and awesome. I love all of their food but my favorite thing is the butchers block cheese board. My boyfriend and I will grab a few glasses and share that and it fills us up. We also get the salted caramel sundae - YUM. My favorite wine is the Fernlands sauvion blanc but they always have a great selection and it changes up pretty often."  open a location in San Francisco.  Thanks!"  I just HAD to go try it out. It was a Thursday night and surprisingly really busy. After walking in and not seeing anyone seating Catering: I catered a small gathering at my place with bruschettas and paninis . Perfect and on time. You pay as you order." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g The food was great but our service was terrible. We had made reservations for a large group and was greeted as if we were the worst table assignment she could have ever had.  We had wine and bruschetta which were both amazing. It was pretty busy for a week night and extremely loud for a sit down restaurant.  I'd make reservations and go with loud friends.  I usually have great service and ALWAYS have great food....but this one encounter did put a sour taste in my mouth."  amazing bruschetta.  Sunday brunch is the best - I love the live music!  They treat customers well too  so expect to cruise the side streets for a space." We will definitely be back again for the food FYI - stop by La Grande Grocery next door and try the A-Z cookie. It's BOMB." The bruschetta does change occasionally but they keep some of the popular ones on the menu. Great place to hang out with your friends and drink wine from their extensive wine bar." "OMG I was taken here as a reward for upgrading a friend's laptop and I most definitely got the good end of the deal. While crowded  the wine. I give it 5 stars because the atmosphere and service is amazing - friendly  I prefer the tables that sit halfway outside and halfway inside.  See if you can get one when you visit.  Enjoy anything with fig on it. :)"  nice atmosphere and loved the garage door open walls which gave the open air feel.  I liked how the bartenders were on top of it even though they were busy.  Our tap for the three apps and 4 glasses of wine was $50 plus a $10 tip makes it not a cheap place to just chill in the afternoon but I will be back prob. later in the evening for a happy hour or something." Food was good and service was great. I would go back:) Good food. Nice atmosphere. Food is great for a small snack.  I wouldn't go there if you want a full dinner.  Awesome deck to hang out. My two fav bruschette are the salmon and the roasted red pepper with goat cheest. SO good!!!"  great (rotating) craft beer on tap." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g Good wine and excellent bruschetta. Great waitstaff. This place has a great atmosphere.  Plenty of good food and friendly service.  Parking is at a premium so use the valet!  Try the Butchers Block! My absolute favorite place to go. Great ambiance and wine selection. Ideal for getting cozy on a date or happy hour with girls. Get the apple and Brie bruschetta and the tomato jam bruschetta. Delicious. Really good.  Great ambiance.  Good wine list and great bruschetta. I have never been here when it's NOT busy so expect a wait. But it's well worth it." OMG!!! This place is A.MAZ.ING! If you dont get the bruchetta appetizer than you will be missing out. SO tasty!  but questionable service. Went here with a party of 10 and the service was terrible--probably because we were a big enough party to add automatic gratuity Great date spot. We had the bruschetta and cheese with wine. It's a busy place but you're not easily distracted from who you're with. Staff is helpful with suggesting wines and it's $5 for a glass between 11a-5p. Not a bad deal. Almost always busy - expect a wait on the weekends and weeknights if they have any specials going on.  Parking is also very limited but there is usually a valet available."  I moved away. My roomie and I would bike here regularly. They have great 1/2 off wine bottle specials on Sundays. Postino is responsible for many Monday morning headaches :)" "Hands down one of my favorite places. The people who work there are always awesome and ""on it"". The food is great and I just love the atmosphere; whether it's during the day or at night with the candlelight. I also love the music they play. I always feel calm and happy here. I'd highly recommend."  I loved it! Friends from school have raved about it and it is all that they said it would be!! Perfect bruschetta DELISH. Atrichoke sandwich is the way to go! (light on the cheese tho!) "The bruschetta is awesome!!!! It is so good that this is now my 86 year old grandmother's favorite place to go! In fact  wine atmosphere. Only down side is the acoustics. Hard to have conversation and be heard"  but i'm a fan of their Monday and Tuesday board/bottle deal.. plus their bruscetta is probably the best i've had here in town."  I feel like they're trying too hard. Let the food speak for itself. All the trendy decor is just a magnet for hipster douches. Nothing ruins my bruschetta and merlot like some horn-rimmed square talking loudly about his latest inde rock band 'find' or his 'sweet pieces of vinyl' at the proximal table. Dude...SHUT UP!" Simply the best bruschetta in the world! arugula and prosciutto fig & marscapone is my favorite but all of them are worth trying at least once in your life. Can't wait to return to Phoenix one day and come back for more. 5kGY5JRYQgMFWzMgdLFS1Q Keep in mind that Postino Arcadia is valet parking only ;)" "I've been to postino central but it was my first time trying postino arcadia  no oil.  It was not what I expected.  I was hoping for crunchy bread with creatively delicious toppings.  The toppings are great combinations  their wine and beer selection and their happy hour prices ! Its a perfect after work before dinner kind of a place."  satisfied tummies and a slight buzz for less than $50!  We cannot wait to get a sitter again and check it out.  Right now they have a deal on Monday and Tuesday evening for a bottle of wine and the bruschetta for like $20. Whoa!"  but this has a cool inside/outside vibe and being next to LGO is awwesome!"  other restaurants should take note." The best place to go for great food and wine  which is the reason why this is a go-to for me for when friends and family come to visit and every birthday :)" Not joking....Amazing! Eat it!"  great wine selection and can't go with out the Bruschetta! Great Happy Hour Specials. Does fill up quick with limited seating so get there early! Great service as well!" Awesome wine and bruschetta at really reasonable price! Well worth the trip. My boyfriend and I went here on a date and had a great night. We were pleased we could start on our bottle of wine while waiting for our table. My only complaint is that it was extremely loud inside. We found ourselves straining to hear each other from across the table. But the atmosphere and food were great. Any or all of that with a Hop Knot and you might just forget you are on planet Earth."  you can do some shopping and find some cool specialty foods." Love this place. Great ambiance and food. Wish I could go weekly. 1 star is taken away due to the parking situation .  The food and atmosphere are good.  I've been here for brunch on the weekend when the doors are open and they have live music.  It's a good time.  It's a great place to grab a glass of wine and some bruchetta and hang out with a group of people. I really need to go back and try more of the menu. Can't wait!" SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  Postino offers a plethora of bruschetta and Panini to feed your carb need.  The servers are extremely knowledgeable and this spot has a wide selection of carefully selected wines for the true wine aficionado."  and more spacious.  Food and wine are excellent as always.  I would recommend a Tempranillo if you want a red wine that is more fruity but not as strong as Carbenet.  Be aware that gratuity is 20% for a large group and parking is limited around the restaurant (although they do have valet for $3)." "I have been here several times for brunch and I know I'm surly one of very few who have not hit the happy hour here  and when you go ask for Miles -- he's the most amazing server ;) and quite handsome too Great food and ambiance!  but a personal favorite is prosciutto and fig. Soups are delicious as well. Only downside is parking. The lot is really small so you either have to do valet or park further down the street and walk over. Great place for lunch or snacks with drinks in the evening."  burrata and mozzarella. My glass of Manifesto Zin was really good as well.  A nicely appointed restaurant that I would frequent more given the chance."  and we will be back."  friendly and they kept the water glasses full. Also You must get the Brushetta and order the roasted bell peppers and goat cheese! One of the best! It is usually pretty crowded and can be kind of noisy but if you know that going in ask to sit on the patio! This place took me a few times to warm up to.  At first it was trying too hard to be cool and the food was so-so.  But now it's pretty rad and their bruschetta/wine special on Mondays and Tuesdays can't be beat.  Prosciutto with figs & mascarpone and Fresh Mozzarella with tomato and basil.  I usually go with a few of my girlfriends and this makes a great meal with fantastic wine and some good gossip. :)  Come early as seats fill up extremely quickly and the wait can get very long.  This deal starts after 8pm." Great wine and location! Love Postino. They have a fantastic brunch on the weekend. Even if you are not a wine drinker you will find something you will love. Sincerely and satisfied tenant." "This place always has a fun vibe and a great patio. Love meeting girlfriends here for wine and bruschetta.  Good service and nice atmosphere  ALWAYS try the Postino exclusive. It will never let you down. All the locations except for Gilbert will let you take home an unfinished bottle which is really nice also. Even better Yet again Postinos shows they want my money but not my patronage.  I don't understand how I am the only one who keeps having horrible experiences here?"  and parking and mediocre foods... Postino and LGO are complete cluster F***s for anyone who plans on driving there. I also feel like the general atmosphere is trying so hard to be relaxed and casual that it is stressful for the guests." 1g8Crb6WGQUsA2l2X3yVGA Wine selection is very nice as well." I liked it. The food was pretty good and the wine and beer selections were great.  It's definitely more of a happy hour spot for me though. Not too many drawbacks I can think of other than parking being limited  we held a post graduation party with about 20 people and it was perfect. One person in our party unrolled her napking to find a coupon for a free dinner in the napkin Good prices.  Cool ambience.  Decent service." Best place to go on dates! The atmosphere is very relaxing and trendy. The food is great and if you go on the nights they have specials you get delicious bruschetta and a bottle of wine for only $20. My husband and I are regulars here!  and great beer makes this place ideal to pull up to on a weekend afternoon around 3:30 and have the perfect late lunch with an afternoon buzz.  No matter what time of day you come  great selection of wines!  Good food and nice environment."  and my absolute favorite is the goats milk cheese and tomato jam. They also usually have really delicious hearty soup and I love their salads and paninis. They have $5 glasses of wine before 5pm every day and their peach bellinis are perfect for Sunday brunch. My husband likes their mini pitchers of beer. We would eat here every day if we could. The only negative is the shortage of parking spaces  the salmon Bruschetta is my favorite of all of them.  The bottle deal can't be beat and the selections are nice. Very broad.  They change it every couple months as well  the food is pretty simple but tastey. I go there for their wine. It really is a great selection and the staff is pretty knowledgeable. I had the tuna sandwich for the first time the other day  and the servers seem incredibly overworked.  They should be paid more as without them the experience isn't worth showing up for." Good bruschetta and sandwiches. $5 wines by the glass til 5 pm. Great for people watching. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Cool wines by the glass and bottle. Unique wines to take home too.  come here for $20 bucks and you'll snag a bottle of Vino and some delish bruschetta.  The atmosphere is open and Euro feeling with the open wine market and back of restaurant bar.  Seating can be an issue so be flexible when trying to find standing or sitting room.  The food is good and the service is spot on.  Definitely my choice for chillaxin on an off night with friends or even a date." "The food and service was excellent. But  if you haven't been-go! you won't regret it." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  when we went for lunch the place was crowded. The music was loud and very laid back. The place was so crowded I think that the service would have been quicker. But "You know what I LOVE about Postino's?  THE PATIO IS DOG FRIENDLY!!!  We love to go there on a Sunday afternoon and share a bottle of wine or champagne  and you have to valet your car cause there is no parking around the area.  To be honest its a little hard to have conversations in there as the music was pretty loud.  I could see how they would have that cause it seemed geared more to a younger crowd.  That was the only drawback.  I also had one of their Panini's LOVE the ambiance. The wine is great and definitely try the pub grub.  and brunch is fantastic. Don't forget the delicious mimosas!" Postinos is one of my favorite places to go monthly for a light dinner and wine. I get the bruschetta every time and I am never disappointed. The servers are always very knowledgeable on wine and will give you a great suggestion. I have had some of their Panini's and soups and those were also delicious! The Arcadia location is also my favorite Postinos to go to; I love the atmosphere.  I am an explorer of food"" ~ Erma Bombeck"  and the food is always wonderful. Love their Sunday afternoons with live Reggie and sangria. Perfect!!" Highly recommended for people who enjoy the finer things in life."  but I much prefer the ambiance of the location in Arcadia." "Can I just say ""Bella Postino""  yummm."  BUT do not go here if loud music bothers you because they are definitely cranking it.  The fig/prosciutto bruschetta and the tomato jam with sheeps cheese were our favorite!"  then bruschetta is meant for wine tasting.  It's hard to beat the price to quality ratio for the bruschetta here.  My favorite is the prosciutto with fig and mascarpone.  It has the right balance of sweetness and saltiness.  The smoked salmon with pesto is a close second.  On the other hand  they used to serve a fantastic Sangria (not my normal drink) and had a menu promoting several wines. The door was rolled up and there was a lone guitar player playing  reggae. We had mozzarella and tomatoes and an olive mix. It was a cloudy semi-cool day to top it off. Parking can be tricky If you haven't been to Postino's you are missing out."  I really hope I can find a place as amazing as Postino where I'm living now The only thing I wish there was more of was light. It was very hard to read the menu using a small candle. It wasn't enough for me to take this down a star though."  mediocre food and phony.  The wines are OK but somewhat pretentious.  If you want really good food and good wines wN05bLB486m30Zd-X7BhuQ   and the food (bruschettas mostly) makes me smile ... Contemporary take on them is refreshing." Delicious bruschetta! Loved the setting. This is a great place for a nice ladies lunch :)  love the food and. Atmospheres there. Bruschetta is the best !!!"  love this place.  Great wine selection and very tasty food (Bruschetta!)."  I think till five o'clock?  This will definitely be a return often type place when anywhere in the area!" eMFD4FA8NVAlUAeBl4EVNw Salad....hmmmm....I'm getting hungry thinking about it.....It's on Bell Rd. in Surprise..."  and we look forward to the $20 wine & bruschetta deals on Mondays and Tuesdays every week! Get here a bit early on those days though  as well as being a major fan of burchetta.  I was originally a fan of it the crispy bread appetizer...but the first time i came here...I had the tomato jam...and it literally CHANGED MY LIFE!!  I am sure there are about a thousand people have reviewed this place Great food and really cool laid back atmosphere  sandwiches and more. Can't beat the prices for beer. Parking can be tough but it's worth the trouble. Can't wait to get back to try something new!" Nothing worth writing about except the bruschetta. Most of the wine tastes like cheap box wine and are unrecognizable labels probably stored in a warehouse! Salads are overpriced and no hot entrees...unimpressive.  nice to see what phoenix has to offer- food was fantastic & the wine was amazing!!!"  he has a very friendly demeanor and  made excellent recommendations. I've Been here about 10 times before  but I came here with friends last week and had a pretty good time. The sandwich I had was huge - really big. The waitress kept bringing more and more food in quick time I feel it's important to post this review immediately because I want the restaurant to understand why we will never return- upon leaving Food is the same at both places."  good pricing. No reservations unless you have 8 people but its impossible to get a table for 7 in the evening. Also What a nice place to share with a friend for a nice wine and bite to eat. Excellent brunch on a Saturday at a reasonable price.  Quick and diligent service for our group of 12.  Everyone left satisfied and the check for all of us plus a hefty tip was less that $200. Brushetta and wine omg enough said.. Great wine selection chill atmosphere =perfect !!! This place is amazing! Location is easy to get to and valet is Perfect! It's free and I didn't mind paying a few bucks for the convenience! The food is great! Came here for a brunch with some girlfriends on a Saturday morning! They were willing to give us a nice comfy couch area for our group of 6-7. We all got mimosas and our server offered to just grab us a bottle since it would be the same price ($5/each). Yum! I had looked up reviews before going and was all about ordering the bruschetta but my friends were feeling the brunch items. Everything looked so tasty! I ordered the prosciutto and Brie panini and chips. Oh my gosh soooo very flavorful!!! It was in the sweet side due to the fig but so many flavor profiles in each bite! I can't wait to come again. I hear they have deals on Monday and Tuesday nights for wine and bruschetta!  always have amazing food and of course a great selection of wine. However this place has become such a headache. It is almost impossible to get a seat any more on Mon or Tues night because of their $20 bottle of wine and bruchetta board. The special starts at 8pm Another option for speedier service might be to sit at the bar. The bar isn't terribly huge but offers comfortable seating. The bartenders are wonderful." So the bruschetta is pretty off the chain! "This place is one of my favorite eateries in town.  Their specialty is the bruchetta board with a choice of 4 that's enough to feed 2 people.  Consistently the food is amazing.  With a glass of my favorite muscato All in all it was a FANTASTIC experience!! My friends and I are looking forward to coming back on a Monday or Tuesday when they have their $20 special What a great place for focaccia bread. Yummy. Love the pesto sauce. I don't always like paying $12-14 for a glass of delectable red wine but sometimes it seems so worth it to blow a few twenties among friends. Its a great place to relax. Great ambience "Love this place on a Sunday afternoon. Music wVwtP4oHPkPm-DwgbE-4dw  food and service is what makes this place top notch! Always have loved this place before I moved out of Arizona I have had nothing but delightful meals here. Amazing Food and Atmosphere! Great for Couples. Sharing food is welcome and trendy here.  and throw hundred dollar bills at the table and be like ""Shut up and take my money!""" Great wine specials! Sunday's $5 glasses of wine and their Monday & Tuesday special of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20 is amazing! It does get busy so don't go if you're in a hurry but it is worth a try. What a great place to go.  Their bruschetta board is great.  Also made it for happy hour which is on wine and beer and it's fantastic.  The ambience is casual but classy.  Love the outdoor space.  Would definitely go again! It was downright amazing; like my tastebuds were being dry humped by the best sandwich ever invented in the History of the World (Part II)." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  and sweet nuts really is something else. The focaccia bread on the sandwiches is bomb. I had the only vegetarian sandwich option and it was pretty basic. I do wish they had a second vegetarian option that was a little more exciting than hummus/cukes/tomatoes." Went yesterday for the first time. It gets one star because the food was yummy. Got the choose two- Nine Iron sandwich with Mediterranean salad. Very good. Lost a star because parking is horrible despite the free but really not free valet parking. Lost a star because I do not like eating up. Meaning the table was so low you have a lot of distance to the mouth and more opportunity to spill. Lost a star because I don't like eating in my living room. Why are restaurants now making their dining room a living room? If you want to do the sofa and chair thing do it outside. Not fond of high tops either. Lost a star because they opened the garage door. We chose to sit inside for a reason. They opened it and all of a sudden it was 60 degrees. Just a great eating experience!"  I know there are only so many variations on a salad but these just all blend together and become forgettable.  If you're going for wine and cheese and bruschetta mnH8rQhvqBAGxA28kY_dnA  and the atmosphere is young and fun. The only reason it gets four stars is because the music inside is really loud and difficult to talk over and the lighting is super low. No Perfect place to go hang out with a date or a group of friends. Been to both Arcadia and Postinos on Central. Brushetta is amazing and wine selection will not disappoint. Staff has been friendly at both locations as well.  Arcadia parking is a nightmare and Postinos on Central is bad but not horrible. Pricey unless you go during happy hour. "Ok! I have been here 100 + times and never given Postino a review! All I have to say is Postino's should be on everyone's bucket list of places to try once in your life. Everything on the menu is really good. My favorite of course is the Bruschetta board with all of them except Salmon. Nothing wrong with Salmon  I am a little biased as this is my favorite place for Girls Night Out dinner.  The Bruschetta is the best in Arizona and I never really stray from ordering that.  The vibe of the restaurant is very trendy in a down to earth way that you can feel comfortable spending some time eating and enjoying great wine.  I would recommend this place for a date or girls dinner. 5) Happy Hour! $5 glasses of wine/beer Everyday between 11am-5pm !" Tuesday nights can't go wrong. But don't try to find a parking spot. Great place for a date! Then I ordered the 9-iron sandwich. Like I said I'm a really picky eater. I don't like a lot of stuff. It was good and I can see if u want something different and unique how it would be good. But the cheese they used was weird and kinda gross to me. It was one if those weird name funky cheeses and that is the point but just not my kind if food." Had lunch of soup and sandwich here and it was delicious!  My co-workers had bruschetta board and charcuterie/olive board.  Both looked like something I'd like to try next visit.  I'll be back. Everything was amazing. We got the bruschetta: you get to pick for different kinds and a panini to share. We got the iron and it is giant and delicious. More than enough food for the two of us. The wine is great. We went for happy hour $5 a glass so we just got a bottle for $20 - I'll be back! "I love this place.  I love the location.  I love the food and the wine specials.  I especially love the brochette.  Yep I love the atmosphere and the food. Not a fan of beer or wine as my only options. And I hate forced valet parking. If it weren't for the forced valet parking I would visit more often. Best place in Arcadia!  $5 for 5 is a great deal where you can get any glass of wine for $5 before 5pm everyday.  Their food is delicious and it's in a cool building that used to be a post office.  Their patio is also dog friendly.  This is a great place to meet friends and day drink! Great atmosphere and comfy outdoor patio seating. The bruschetta options were so delicious. The wine list provides a large selection of wine. The wait to be seated was a bit long but worth it. I will be back.  California and Nevada. I cannot express how pleased I have been with them. Even when changes have occurred unexpectedly they have reacted with professionalism and flexibility.  Their rates for golf in Arizona are hard to beat. Although I have not had the need to use them for accommodations I am sure that is as outstanding with that service as their tee time services." AWESOME Bruschetta and great wines! "Love the atmosphere. Really great for date night. Best bruschetta ever! Fig and apples bruschetta is really good and the one with dates is also good. Everything there has great distinct flavor from the next thing. Sandwiches are pretty decent size and really tasty too. Great wine selection. Only thing is that the bruschetta and the sandwiches are so crispy that sometimes the roof of my mouth gets cut I will return here on each trip to Phoenix and a must do for food whether on business or pleasure travel in the Biltmore area of PHX!" "I love this place!!!!  One of my favorites in the Phoenix metro area.  I mainly go here for the Bruschetta on Mon and Tues nights after 8pm for their $20 wine bottle and bruschetta board (feeds 2).  Favorite Bruschetta:  1 - Salmon Awesome topping combo's on the Bruschetta board and panini's are killer!  bruschetta and cheese plate are great!" Me and my wife LOVE this place! Great staff and great food. Atmosphere is fun! "Great food and drink! Great atmosphere! To die for Bruschetta and fantastic specials throughout the week. I only wish the restaurant was bigger to accommodate more people as it is not uncommon to have to wait quite a while for a table and there is really no where to sit or really even stand while you wait. However "Very yummy! I love the bruschetta (of course). The music & atmosphere are always great Romantic and great food Bottle and a board of bruschetta on Monday and Tuesday nights along with a reservation for a party of 8? I think I'll get my gang together!  But I also love the open garage doors and the little patio!  Follow up with a walk through the LGO grocery and bakery and get yourself an MJ for dessert.  Perfect evening with friends!" I love this place. It's hip trendy and fun. The crowd is always fun to watch and I especially love love the olive canoe. It's my favorite. We had some great wine and great company and everyone I take to Postinos seems to really like it. They have beer too. Great beer." We were told by several different people that many items were gluten free; such as the sandwiches awesome place and great crowd  but it was truly one of the best meals I've had in recent memory.  Shared the bruschetta with my bestie Great food and ambiance. Postino Central will always be my favorite location. LOVE...this is by far the best wine bar in AZ...I love their ambiance and of course the bruschetta...every person I take here ends up loving it and coming back for more.  it was quite frustrating since the service overall was bad for us. We had a server who left right after taking our initial drink order and no new server took us on. We had to flag someone new every time we needed or wanted something since no one came to check on us and that was including our food order.  I plan to stick to the one in central from now on. I've always had excellent service there."  and the bruschetta! great girls night/ day spot!" Everything was phenomenal about this place except the wait time. Love this place! Happy hour is great and extremely reasonable prices Ambience is good...light and airy. Good for small groups and dates but not kids as its a wine bar..."  but if you dine there for dinner they should have a few entrees to choose from like a pasta dish or something more flavorful. When you eat sandwitches at dinner it just feels wrong I really enjoy their bruchetta. Their brunch is really good and the mimosas are tasty. "Yum. Can't beat the Monday/Tuesday special. Their bruschetta is mind-blowing! Parking is rough Great place to grab some wine.  wine and chill.  This is one of my favorite restaurants in town.  Try the red pepper bruscetta and the fig & proscuitto it is amazing!" I love the food hate the parking situation.  patiently walking us through the menu and wine list. A five star evening."  too small... n its overrated! who waits 1hr for a glass of wine.  ""wine on tap""? Doens't get much better than that."  best Bruschetta in town!!!  The customer service continues to WOW me everytime I visit!  I hosted my little sisters Bridal Shower here in the sofa lounge area of the restaurant and everyone just loved it.  There were 14 newbies to Postino Arcadia and they'll all be coming back to visit again!!  Thanks for helping me create such a memorable day for my baby sister!  She couldn't have been happier and that means the world to me :)" Love the food. Great food and great location. Some parking issues...but the valet made that problem go away. "Hands down one if the best restaurants in all of Arizona! Excellent food and atmosphere Great glass of Zin.  Wonderful ambiance and decor.  but the food and atmosphere rocks."  great staff! Get the bruschetta  the Lechuza is very nice." "The very best.  Plan and simple Always a solid place to have a relaxing glass of wine and very casual laid back food! If you happen to visit the Phx area you should for sure add this place to your short list of stops! So good! i ordered the bruschetta (delicious) and a panini! both were great! I also enjoyed their famous amazingly good moscato de asti !  but a few weeks ago I went for Saturday lunch with my mom and her friend.  It was the perfect spot - they had the back walls opened up to outside and the atmosphere was fabulous for a social midday meal.  Other favorites on the menu are: prosciutto and brie panini and the mediterranean salad "So yummy! I loved the atmosphere. I got the panini Prosciutto with Brie and it was to die for! Followed by great wine "I have been going to Postino for years and they have the most consistent food and service you will find anywhere in the Valley.  I often get cravings for their Mediterranean salad and bruschetta.  Oh Love just about everything on the menu here!!! My only complaint is happy hour ends at 5pm." Great place to eat and drink for happy happy happy hour! $5 wine and great bruschetta! Nice place. Good food tastes fresh and light. No spirits as this place serves only beer and wine. PARKING IS HORRIBLE. Get valet!  sipping wine and munching on the best bruschetta board in Phoenix. This is one of my favorite places to go for happy hour  only 1 in 1000 (less than one-tenth of 1%) 2014 Award recipients qualified as Five-Time Award Winners. Various sources of information were gathered and analyzed to choose the winners in each category. The 2014 USCA Award Program focuses on quality Love this place. Wish I lived closer to go more often!! tt90v3FhWlBHtLxkQvRMbA "Cactus Moon is a nice little stop over by Cabela's on 202 and Dobson. I only go there to play poker with the Dream Dealers on Tuesdays. My regular order is  the pound of wings for $5 and then usually a Three Olive Vodka special. Lots of combos there Arcadia area is very cool and Postino fits right in Make sure to ask for Bethany! She's the sweetest thing!" I love Postino.  How can you not?  I love the $5 glasses of wine before 5:00.  I love the staff.  Tell them what you like and they make the most perfect recommendations.  And nothing beats the bruschetta- I get cravings for that stuff.  The whole staff rocks at this location.  Very different (and better) vibe than Central. Great ambience in particular if the doors are open to the outside.  Bruschetta and charcuterie boards are both great and the wine is pretty reasonable.  Yum!  Love Postino.  I have never been disappointed when I go there.  It is a very relaxed atmosphere  bruschetta and a sandwich and it was all delicious! Will definitely be back!"  but you will hate the wait.. still worth it.. especially the board and bottle deal." I plan on coming back here and gorging on cheese the next time I'm in the area." YlxSGRbGWW7RpfMryfVD8g  the use of fresh ingredients and creative ways of using them make for a great time every time. I just wish less people would know about it so it wouldn't get so crowded at times "Great place and fun environment . Be advised wait times can be 30 mins given during busiest hours . Tuesday board of Bruschetta and bottle of wine for 20$ totally worth it. Valet parking recommended  "Mandatory valet parking. Stuffy atmosphere. Mediocre bruschetta (especially for the price). The wine our waitress suggested was the only redeeming part of our experience. If you're in the area Bruschetta and Panini sandwiches My favorite of all the Postino locations. The service is always top-notch and the patio makes it possible to believe you're not in the desert. My only suggestion for improvement: make that amazing Roasted Red Pepper Gouda soup a daily offering. Truly the best soup ever. I am such a fan of this place. Husband  (who is more fried food and french fries sort of guy ) took me as a surprise for a date night. WHOLY AWESOMENESS.  Great GREAT brushetta (Even the husband liked it) and a great wine menu. I think I ordered everything that was remotely vegetarian. DELICIOUS. Seriously. I hear there is one in my neck of the woods (Ahwatukee).. can't wait to visit. Beautiful food and beautiful people at a great price.  Can't beat that.  $5 pitchers at happy hour.  I had the chicken & mozzarella panini.  It was delicious.  although she liked more rose wines. The bruschetta was AMAZING!!! We tried a variety of the bruschetta: apple & bri  mostly bruscettas and salads. I prefer going before 6pm when wine is $5. a glass. During the nice weather the door opens out to the patio and you can even bring your dog. The waitstaff are all friendly and there is no bad table. Don't walk  but overall I was pleased with this location."  I'm just not a huge wine drinker.  If you want it to not be completely packed come in on a week night or in the afternoon." Great food and excellent selection of wines. "Great food and atmosphere.  I suggest the ""take two"" lunch option.  I had the chicken salad with raspberry vinaigrette and roastbeef panini.  Both were great.  Service was friendly!" The best local wine pub if you're in the Arcadia/Biltmore area - seriously. Great paninis and bruschetta and of course ! don't forget the Red Wine ! yum try the Mozzerella and Chicken sandwich or the roasted red pepper w/ goat cheese on bread :) "Delicious going away dinner with my bf at postinos outdoor dining area. Besides the misters going crazy  the servers were really nice and welcoming. I really enjoyed this restaurant. Especially the complimentary valet."  service and vibe any day of the week. :)"  and a must try anytime you are in the area" gt4WBFzDkordB3IrP06Bcw AWESOME place to just hang out with friends and have a drink.. Great environment.. Incredible service!  Cannot go wrong here!!  haha. But the only other meh thing for me is that it's very loud inside I liked the bruschetta.  It was fun sitting outside and enjoying the atmosphere.  Very trendy.  It was nice enjoying a meal while catching up with my girlfriend here. I've never had anything that wasn't delicious there (the food and the wine are excellent). A+ across the board." It is a very nice place but they kinda have you waiting for a little long after you're sat down. A Favorite for Brunch/Early Dinner in Phoenix  - 4.25 Stars!" Very nice setting & waiters are very friendly and attentive. Would recommend date night for sure! food was good but his behavior as a professional server was disappointing ...."  the staff were awesome and everyone was very nice and professional. If you are looking for a dentist then I would say go to Dental Brothers."  and they really want you to have the right wine that suits your tastes. You can even taste a little of the wine before you make a decision to choose one. I've been collecting wine corks for art projects and they gave me a whole wine bag full of them that I could take home with me. That was pretty awesome. I am definitely coming back to this place the next time I'm in Phoenix and definitely recommending it to my friends who visit Phoenix too!"  helpful or customer focused. The host was busy when I came in so another server immediately jumped into help and seated our party. She then went and got us waters immediately while we waited for our server to come. We started with meal with the olives and then both had salads. I had the Hannah's Field Salad - Kale  wine and service.  Good thing we don't live to close or I'd weigh 300 lbs.  Highly recommend.  Adore the bruschetta and pub boards.  Great wine pairings  reasonably priced and fun.  The only bummer is they don't have a full bar." The servers were all very knowledgable about the menu and gave us great wine recommendations." Great food. Unfortunately I haven't been back over here because it's so loud that it is impossible to have a conversation. I wish they would do something about it because I miss going there I absolutely love positno! Has a very nice Ambience & Service is always great.  Great spot for a date or girls night out! Such a nice selection of wines. The only downside to this place would be that they don't have many options or dairy free or gluten free! Other than that it's a great place to sit and grab a glass of wine!  but the other stuff we ordered from the menu (e.g. bruschetta) was fantastic!  The service was outstanding.  Very relaxed place." "Postinos has some of the best bruschetta I've tasted. its a classy little bistro looking place with really good lemonade as well.  its not too expensive but its definitely not cheap either. I would recommend this for a lunch type of place but not too big of a dinner Wonderful ""girl night"" get together spot!"  artichoke and the green apple toasts. Each one offers a unique blend of flavors and no one does it better than Postino.  The Autostrada panini has all the right meats and cheeses but I am not a fan of the arugula and tomato.  I took those off and added them to my side salad and took a bite.  Each bite took me back to a stop I made on the way from Naples to Salerno where I had a similar panini with such wonderful flavors.                                                                                                                  The food and wine would earn this wonderful restaurant five stars but the Postino service by committee is not my favorite.  It creates uneven service and no one seems totally responsible for your table.  Other than that  so get there early in the evening if you can!"  ambiance & playlist is always great & the wine list is stellar & also constantly evolving.  We've ordered their bruschetta platter for parties & they're always a hit!  If you haven't been & enjoy wine you definitely need to go.  There are other locations but Arcadia is what I would consider the 'flagship' location." "Very trendy busy hot spot and for good reason. Yummy large chesse board with fruit nuts and bread  just get 4 of those and you'll be good. What I don't like is that it's hard to get seating and there is a bit of an attitude with the staff  I think Postino deserves to be on the short list of local restaurants to try." Absolutely fantastic wine and bruschetta!!! I wish there was one in Denver!! This a must go! I can be pretty picky when it comes to quality of food while I'm dining out. If I'm paying for it... I want it to be good. Anytime I visit Postino it never disappoints! Great atmosphere and delicious wine. Plus friendly service and fresh food. What more could you ask for?" "Coworkers and I go here all the time for a quick lunch or happy hour. Great atmosphere Tuesdays are the best obvs thanks to their special. Not really a dinner place but great place to hang out and have a variety of wine selections. Amazing wine selection AND $5 glasses during (a super long) happy hour. A great variety of bruschetta! My faves are the salmon w/pesto and the roasted red pepper w/goat cheese :) can't go wrong with any of the paninis either! The atmosphere is perfect for dates and lunch with the girls!  and delicious food...but it's good to catch them at lunch or off peak hours when the whole neighborhood isn't in line to grab a table." Cons: wait times can be long (mainly during peak hours and happy hour) and some of their entrees are little underwhelming (however Now I'm back in the desolate tomato jam-Postino lacking wasteland of a place I call home and am jonesing for a tomato jam fix!  Best friend  and salads. I like to order the half salad and half sandwich. Italian picnic and raspberry chicken salads are my favorites. Chicken & mozzarella and the nine iron panini are my 2 faves.  You can't go wrong with any of the Bruschetta choices such as warm artichoke spread "All aboard for Brunch!  We are a Sunday Morning look for a great breakfast kind of people.  Our best friends told us that this place in the Arcadia district was now serving Brunch from 9AM and to check it out.  We arrived like 9:15AM with much apprehension as we were the only couple in the place.  The menu was limited but looked decent.  Oh My Goodness!  My wife ordered the Ciabatta French Toast.  Now she claims to just hate Ciabatta bread Please visit and experience for yourself...you'll understand my happy speechlessness" Service is always Outstanding!  Worth the drive and wait!" This place has the best wednesdays in the valley! I love all of their bruschettas! I will always love this place!  its a treat to come here. Oh and the bartender is wonderful! Super friendly and personable!" This is probably not a good place for kids! If you want to bring your kids to go LGO!" bW3wbgHaY2qcVKkHAFGhtw SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g "Great atmosphere and even better food. Order bruschetta (obviously) and make sure you get at least one prosciutto and fig in your flight! The Italian Picnic salad is amazing- goat cheese... bacon... I mean what more could you want?! The only downside is you're almost forced to use valet parking. Pretty annoying but hey If this was my first time coming to Postino - I probably would have... It was still great once we went it. As always is :-)" Favorite resturant in Phoenix! Great neighborhood joint can't beat the bruschetta and a cold brew to relax and unwind.  but we didn't wait for a table which is nice. We have been to the Monday/Tuesday 8pm special before and that gets extremely busy. Make sure you arrive a little before 8 and you will probably wait a bit for a table but it's worth it! A board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20... can't beat that anywhere! Maybe one of the best aspects of this restaurant is that they do not upcharge bottles of wine 90% like many others do. The bottle is 3x the glass price "It is amazing for happy hour. Decent prices  there are usually more options in most other bars that offer any craft beer. Didn't take a serious look at the wine list this time around. Trying many different kinds of bruschetta in one order was a nice way to taste many things  but I might give it one more try before I totally write it off."  bruschetta not to miss" Love this place in our neighborhood! food are very healthy and delicious. We normally order bruchetta with figs and prosciutto. "Hands down my favorite restaurant in the valley. I typically go to the Gilbert location as I feel it's the largest but had brunch at this location on Sunday. The bruschetta is an absolute must whether you are there for dinner or weekend brunch. They have $5 mimosas and bellinis which are equally delicious "This place is amazing! They have amazing food.. Love the Bruschetta plate. It's very filling and great for 2! Make it an evening  and prosciutto fig. Also the chicken and mozzarella panini is one of my favorite sandwiches ever. The reason why I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the service- sometimes it's good and sometimes it's just meh... Regardless Monday and Tuesday Bruschetta and Wine deals are where it's at!! Bruschetta is always on point!! "Always a good idea to go here. You can't miss. Great vibe  great atmosphere. Whats not to love here? Excellent for romantic dates Brunch is until 1pm. Scrambled eggs and bacon is very good! Salami and Pesto Bruschetta is awesome. I like going during the week like Wednesday because its a little less hectic. Love it but Postino's gets mad crowded.  If you go for Sunday Brunch send someone ahead to get the table it will prevent angry hungry friends.  great service and food came quickly despite being really busy during lunch.  We loved it!  Salads are great and you can't miss the bruschetta!" Delivers the hype *drops mic.*" the place is nice very hipster food  ok nothing to write home about needs a better beer selction with some more euro stuff  and it was delicious. My friends ordered a variety of food from salads to sandwiches Only missing a star because of parking. The food (esp. the bruschetta) is excellent! Absolutely love this place! The food is amazing. So full of flavor and each meal is prepared with careful attention to detail with the freshest ingredients. Always trying new wine with great recommendations from the staff. All that combined with a fair price & terrific customer service will always keep me coming back!  a refreshing first time dining experience in Phoenix!" "Located in a former post office. Wonderful wine selection at only $5.00 a glass from 11am to 5pm. Best bruchetta in Phoenix. Salads  but I was here recently and the waitress seemed in a hurry to be done with our table (we were 2 quiet people  so that you can share all of the different types of bruschetta.  If I came back and didn't order anything but a few different bruschetta Try the creme brulee (and thank me later!)" I could see how this place could have a great concept with the wine bar "It has a nice place that I can recommend to my friends who needs to drink and to unwind. To eat and to relax. The food is good. Personally  as always. I only wish I had a bottomless tummy cuz I don't want to stop eating here. Ever. Keep it up guys !"  which was light and tasty (also a great value at $5 for the half salad). I also ordered the tomato jam and artichoke spread flatbreads to try. The flatbreads are more of a bruschetta (served on toasted baguette) rather than a traditional flatbread. I was actually pleasantly surprised and ate those up like nobody's business. I do wish the tomato jam had a tad of spice to it "Had my birthday lunch here! It was so good and the prosecco was amazing (and only $5). I love Postinos and thier bruschetta boards. I got a sandwich- the nine iron. It was good my only complaint is that the sauce must've been on the bread for a bit. It was very soggy on the bottom. Also This is a city treasure" Fabulous! Always a great experience! "First of all I'm starting off by giving it three stars because I think it is crazy that the parking lot is as small as it is and that it is valet parking!! Our waiter had absolutely no sense of humor whatsoever and had to make the comment that he was leaving shortly as if he was glad not to have us as customers.  Seriously  this place is rockin' and there's a wait for tables for a REASON. It's a great neighborhood place and somewhere I ALWAYS made sure to go when I was in town visiting during a 2+ year period of living out of state. LOVE THIS PLACE." A favorite thing for me is that you get a chance to try some awesome wines  or for that after work kickback spot. It's my go to when I want to feel completely relaxed because I know they're going to take care of me."  best bruschetta that I have ever had in my life. It's nice to have the valet for parking and it's complimentary. The service is always great and I have never had any issues at this place."  new friends and pretty much everyone here. We always get the bruschetta here! It's the perfect sharing plate. The live music is a plus when they have it and it's just a chill environment."   Their bruschetta is to die for and combined with their 5 dollar wine specials.  Then you have to try their sunday with the corn nuts and chocolate covered pretzels." The bruschetta here is seriously wonderful. I try to avoid gluten so I tried the gluten free bread tonight and it was fabulous! I would definitely recommend the prosciutto and fig as well as the warm artichoke - they are so good. It's a fun wine selection and a great atmosphere.  she was kind and quickly showed us our seats. The entire wait staff was prompt and efficient. We went with the Butchers Block and the Bruschetta Board. Both were amazing! We have been coming to Postinos for years now and have tried a few locations. This one seems to be our favorite. I would like to say a special thanks to Jaime who not only was the first one to greet us immediately walking in but was also the last one to show us out. She was certainly on top of her game and it was reflected by her staff. By far our best experience yet." My favorite place!!  Bruschetta is amazing and I love the Italian Picnic salad.  Service is always great.  you can choose four different set of toppings out of a list of eight or so. Each one is spectacular from the prosciutto & mascarpone to the salmon and pesto. The butcher block is an equally tantalizing option--quite possibly the best goat cheese around. Finally Keep up the good work!!"  but overshadowed by the amazing bruschetta. They had a very nice wine and beer selection. We saw on the patio under a heater and that made for a very nice ambiance. It took me a bit to catch on that we didn't have just one server We took great pleasure in our feast of antipasti and wine. We ate with our hands and enjoyed the variety. I'd love to go back to Postino next time I'm in Phoenix. I'd be a regular if I lived in town." "What a great place with awesome service! Good was fresh I loved the ambiance. Its really cool and classy with lots of character. You can dress up or wear hiking gear. It also has garage doors to hang outside on those warm-weathered days (basically everyday in Scottsdale!). Complete with heater and misters for the summer.  Amazing all around Love it here!  The bruschetta is amazing! The only thing is the lack of parking and the long waits but I guess more people feel like me. It's worth the wait. Just be sure to have cash on you because they do have valet. "This place is so cool! The ambience is perfect! It is in an old post office. Their food is phenomenal. Easily Went during lunch hours. Quiet and such a relaxing atmosphere with great service. The food was amazing.  but I think my expectations of a soulful renovated historic post office were maybe too high." We're glad we tried it because it was on our list but will def not be back." Love postinos. Great atmosphere and simple menu. First time here but won't be my last. Got the bruschetta board. Mix and match to suite your taste. Defiantly 5 stars.  the atmosphere is just as good as it was when I first went over 5 years ago and the food has just gotten better "Food is GREAT....wonderful salads  our waiter offered us 2 desserts on the house!  It's nice to see a restaurant go above and beyond for its customers."  love the  Bruschetta !!!" Love the selection of appetizers. The atmosphere is perfect for lunch with girlfriends or a romantic dinner with your honey! If you want to feel like you're on a holiday this is the place to go."  service and atmosphere is as good as it gets. Great happy hour and Bruschetta Board bottle of wine special after 8 pm on Mondays and Tuesdays. If you haven't been here... you won't be disappointed." I would recommend swinging by for some good food!"  great wine without all the fuss!  Sandwiches are HUGE and let's not forget dessert....the chocolate bouchon was amazing!  No wait and great service as well!" Overall nice place to come experiment if you are a foodie."  I said I would just pay the bill with my card so she didn't have to split anything. But I think the hospitality is supposed to go the other way around. Just saying:)" "I've been here twice already and the second time was as good as the first.The staff is very friendly Simply delicious! They even have gluten free bruschettas! One of my favorite places. Will be back Love Postino ! Great location fabulous atmosphere fabulous food service is a little lacking but they can improve upon that would definitely come back! cheers!! My only complaint would be that it gets so loud at night because it is a compact space that you can barely hear the person across from you  but quality & service has slipped lately. Used to have best bruchetta in town "This place is wonderful. The atmosphere is relaxed. The patio is wonderful on a beautiful day and shaded so not uncomfortable on a 90 degree day like today. $5 wine until 5pm and the selection is magnificent. The bruschetta is just as good as everyone says it is. I had apple & brie This place was just okay. . definitely not somewhere I'd see myself frequenting. I feel like I missed some of the charm as my rating is lower than the average.   When you arrive you have no option for parking except to valet. I had a glass of wine.  $10 for a glass of house reisling seemed a little steep for me.  They described a delicious soup option then came back to tell me they were out after I ordered it. The restaurant is very trendy. They have both indoor and outdoor seating. They have a great selection of wine. My wife had their four combo of bruschetta. She totally loved it. I had the autostrada panini. It was really good. I like the bread it was on. Would totally go back again." "Amazing decor - you will like being here. It feels open and cozy at the same time. Wine?! Yes please! You'll find a eclectic selection here. Quality. Try their bruschetta This place was Delicious. Try the Apple bruschetta and the salmon bruschetta. I went on an extremely busy night where they had a $20 board and bottle specials. The wait was over an hour and you were pretty much obligated to use their valet unless you wanted to walk very far so factor that into your budget. The food was really good but the portions are relatively small if you are sharing. Overall I will come back to this place just not on the night they have the specials.  the area is very small so parking is a pain but the restaurant itself is very nice and the food is great." disappointed in that..asked for fresh..not toasted or stale..they sent out two small pieces...for 16 bucks I think they could do better"  and the staff was very helpful. We ordered the cafe latte which was delicious! For food we had the chicken & mozzarella panini with side salad and the turkey panini with chips and everything was fantastic! Definitely a new fav spot for us."  especially when I can see nearby spots right in front of the restaurant. Made no sense. There's an overflow lot they directed me to about a block north.  Got to walk off some lunch that way  or even sit inside at the bar. There's a huge selection of wine and beer. 7 days a week they offer $5 wine by the glass or pitchers of beer 11am - 5pm." Everything coming out of the kitchen looked to die for and ours was delicious too. Great outdoor brunch." On a side note the raspberry chicken salad is probably the yummiest salad I have ever eaten!!" They make reservations for larger groups."  management has still not redone the wine list to reflect the absence of a selection which we know they haven't had for some time Always enjoyable. Great bruschetta. Good value. Nice service and agreeable crowd. Only downsides are the limited parking and no liquor license. Great service and food at a great price. We'll definitely be back." "We just had dinner at your Arcadia restaurant last night and I had a panini and bruschetta. It was delicious but the chips were horrible. We used to look forward to your potato chips that came with the sandwich. They were thick "My heart aches when I have to miss a Tuesday...I love every single staff member here as if they were my family. Tyler at the bar ...man you hook it up with hands down the best service in the industry!  Can't thank you enough for the friendly service  management/ownership at Postino Arcadia is completely unprofessional.  The food is below average and the service is atrocious.  I had previously patronized this place somewhat regularly for the better part of 14 years. However "The absolute best! I've been here MANY times and I've never had a bad experience. They always get our orders right Its a nice place. Go on week days for discount on drinks. They have got really good collection of wine . i love the decor and outdoor seating with candles on every table. "I love Postinos but this Arcadia location. eh. they close at 11 so don't show up hungry at 9:45. My sister and I were greeted at the hostess stand by a guy who told us that if we wanted to eat we have to order ""right this second"" although we stated that it was 945... the guy proceeded to tell us that if we were expecting to eat we had to order now. My sister and I turned around lol thought it was extremely rude. freakin love Postinos though!!!!!" I LOVE TO EAT... I tried and devowered every type of bruschetta they had and it was awesome. great prices and the Moscato wine to wash it all down. great service too. perfect date night. thanks everbody! I was a regular at this place for many years but the service and foot quality has gone WAY down hill.  I recently found a BUG in my food and management was very nonchalant and not accommodating whatsoever.  I will NOT be back. "One of my favorite restaurants of all time.  Great ambiance  it was piled high and delicious. Great portion sizes and flavor combinations! The staff is always fun and professional." My husband and I heard about Postino and went there for lunch.  The food was delicious and the customer service was fantastic!  We will definitely go back again!!  as it will be bad memories."  would learn to be nicer to his customers & not laugh at them. I appreciate Your kindness & Your way of making someone feel better. It means a lot. Thank you very much." Great place for enjoying good food and drinks after work. Reasonable prices and complimentary valet parking makes this a place we will definitely be coming back to. The combo panini and soup or salad for $10 bucks was excellent. I enjoyed the raspberry chicken salad and roast beef panini. And of course when discussing an evening at Postino you have to talk about the wine.  The selection is amazing and the staff is knowledgeable about the selection without being pretentious like I've seen in similar places.  If you are intimidated by the selection or just don't know what you would like they will be able to assist you with finding the perfect match for your meal and your tastes." The best of the Postinos in Phoenix. Epitome of a great restaurant and dining experience. Cool atmosphere and great wine choices. Loved that there's is not a crazy large menu they keep it simple and good. Maybe on the higher end price wise for what you get but cool atmosphere and we will come here again. Our server was definitely interesting I think he'd been eating some Denver brownies right before or during his shift :)  valet parking was quick and efficient. We will be back I just don't care. But still a good time." They have really good deals on Monday and Tuesday. The brushetta is a must try! I love the pear and brie. "Great place for wine!!! Check it out on Monday and Tuesday for cheap wine and food. Great service This has always been one of my favorite neighborhood spots and today I walked into the bar and I thought it was reserved since each spot had a  formal place setting and linen napkins. Felt like going home and changing my chuck Taylor's to dress shoes.  I also noticed that most of the entire staff I know is gone  besides one of my favorite people here Todd. I hope this is not a sign of things to come.  but it's definitely worth it. All of the bruschetta planks we ordered were delicious and though they were out of the wine we ordered  wine by glass is only 5 per glass! Great value! The restaurant has great ambience. Could be a nice date night kind of place. Lovely experience."  you can get one for only $5 before 5 p.m.  It's a great spot to meet friends and they have a nice outdoor patio that is great most of the year. Just remember it can get a bit noisy."  wish it was a little crispier but it makes for easy eats cause it's not hard to bite into! They also cut each bruschetta into quarters so it's easy to share all the different ones! Great for a wine night and bites where you just want to hang out and chat! The atmosphere is also good.. Very dark and candlelit inside and there are misters on the outside to keep it semi cool!"  otherwise it would be daily. I'm a vegetarian so I always get the artichoke bruschetta and the bruschetta with pesto- lucky me if corn is the seasonal. Champagne...rose....bellinis. (Insert more good things here)" On Mondays and Tuesdays they have a deal for $20 you get a block of bruschetta (includes 4) and a bottle of wine. Can't beat it!" Good food in a nice location. This place is always packed. Docked a star due to service being so so. Servers aren't so friendly - maybe because they're so busy? - takes away from a full pleasant experience. I really wish they had one of these type places back home  wine & munchie hangout! Their bruschetta board is off the charts ~you pick 4 options off of their delicious list~ {Warning: It's so hard to choose!! They're all amazing.} I've been known to get an entire board to myself for dinner! Whoops "Went on a Tuesday night for the $20 wine and bruschetta deal. We waited about 45 minutes but ended up with a lovely and romantic table outside. We ordered a bottle of Albarino and a selection of bruschetta. They are not reinventing the wheel or anything but First time here. Having a great brunch. Extremely attentive and knowledgeable staff. $5 mimosas. How can you go wrong? Cute little spot. Great wine! Amazing happy hour! Attentive servers. Very quick valet. I'll be back! Jet really made the experience here excellent. He took his time to give us the history of the restaurants and the management behind them. He gave us great recommendations of other restaurants under the same ownership that happen to be next on my list to try!" I HIGHLY recommend Postino!"  and bruschetta. The wine list was fit to please. I'm not a wine person and I enjoyed my beer selection as well. The service was cheerful and helpful. The atmosphere was classy and fun. We'll be back for sure."  which we were please with. But as he was doing it he looked at me and said ""is there enough chairs here now?!"" And proceeded to roll his eyes! Im sorry but I think that is just flat out rude!! Luckily our server was extremely nice and made the experience a little better." The food here is incredible!!! If it's your first time you need to order the bruschetta. All of them are good. I also enjoyed their wine selection. This is my favorite restaurant to go to when I'm in Phoenix/Scottsdale Great food and ambiance. Bruschetta is on par and very tasty! Cants beat 20 dollar wine and bruschetta board night. I have never been to a restaurant  that specializes is bruchetta.  This was a treat do not sleep on it.  The salmon and capers with pesto was my fav.  Happy hour wine 5 bucks added bonus. Special treat after a spa day.  Loved it Five stars for $5 wine by the glass and beer pitchers from open toll 5pm!! The good their is well prepared as well. Definitely try the bruschetta! The only reason I docked a star is because I'm not a fan of the parking situation. It's extremely limited. And while they have valet Nice place to have some beer especially before 5 since draft mini pitchers are $5 which gives you 2 pints to 2 1/2 pints all depends on the poor of the bartender. But it's nice just make sure to have some mosquito repellent or itch cream cause we got eaten by mosquitos while sitting outside when it is such a beautiful day!  the food is delish and the wine is always great.  Love they happy hour prices too!" Postino is my favorite restaurant to go to in the Phoenix area. The board and bruscetta board deal on Mondays and Tuesdays is amazing.  The wines are always great and the boards never disappoint! My only criticism is that it felt like we had two waitresses and one of them wasn't very friendly."  you get to pick 4 and all of them are amazing so you can't go wrong. The prosciutto and brie panini is absolutely delicious with the fig spread and my favorite salad is the Hannah's field. The service is amazing and everyone is friendly." I thought I just reviewed his place let me do it again we stopped in for wine in a Balenie and extensive appetizer menu was almost daunting we finally decided to build our own bruschetta and very delivered product was unbelievable I'll be back "This place will not disappoint. I got the bruscetta (you choose four) and all of them were delicious. Do yourself a favor and throw in the tomato jam option. It's actually sweet and provides a nice contrast to many of the other savory options. My husband got the B.E.L.T. panini and we both agreed it it needed a bit crustier bread and some melty  and this is by far the best place my friends could have brought us to. The ambiance and music were super cool  and a cute touch coming out in mini carafes. A great menu and the bruschetta fantastic!" Yum yum in the tum! Love the bruschetta! Was recently told about board and bottle nights. Awesome deal ! Can be busy and loud but busy for a reason! Postina Arcadia deserves more had the service not been absolutely dreadful. Which sucks because i have eaten hered before and loved it. Our server was a blonde older looking Woman and she was very rude and was hardly at our table. I had to flag a busser down for everything i needed and when i asked someone to send our waitress over she still went around to all her other tables.The food however is always really good!  lunch or after hours enjoyment...the bruschetta board is the best in the valley (my fave is the prosciutto/fig). The wine selection is lacking in diversity. Drink white or ros and you will be safe! Overall  had a nice table indoors with a great view but in came another indoor group that brought in a lap dog in a Green Bay jersey.  No leash "Really good gluten free bread makes the bruschetta menu work for this girl.  Fantastic combinations "Fantastic place!!! Helpful hint beer pitchers & wine are $5 everyday 11-5!!! The food is really amazing and fresh! VALET IS RUDE and semi lost the keys and gave a sour look that we ""only"" tipped them $4 bucks after all that. So I would not suggest valet. Although I don't believe they are associated with the restaurant I think they are outsourced. The tomato jam is great! The iron skillet sandwich and all the bruschetta and mixed green salads are great. I didn't get a chance to try the Cream Brul because I was overly stuffed but "Ive been here a few times for dinner. The atmosphere is great. It is dimly lit making for a more intimate feel. Their wine selection is good and their food is great. I've had the bruschetta board Love this spot. Great for a glass of wine and chilling or dinner!  It's a must but on the hot nights expect a wait. Definitely one of my favorite places!! I've been here on multiple occasions and have no complaints! Food is great and I love the atmosphere. My go to place! Great experience! Friendly valet and staff and a wonderful happy hour. $5 glasses of wine were the best part! The bruschetta platter can't be beat! A great place for happy hour or a light lunch with friends.  other nights of the week also rock as this place has amazing brews and beer/wine. Cheers Went with friends to enjoy the bruschetta and wine special.  It was delicious! Service was good.  Plan to come back to try the rest of the menu! "they probably don't need another review but here it is! always spot on! every single bruschetta flavor is delicious. interesting wines  and had a glass of pinot noir during their $5 until 5 special." I am giving them a 4 stars I would definitely go back and try some of the other menu items." The Arcadia location has a quaint charm to it. The staff is always friendly and the food consistently good.  bring your date or your friends and $20 gets you bruschetta and a bottle of vino! Or how about brunch for $5 mimosas or sangria on the weekend ? I've also ordered catering from Postino and they always get it correct! Sometimes I just NEED that amazing bruschetta variety in my home for entertaining ! This is always my favorite place for a date night with my new hubby. I introduced him to wine  good atmosphere.. BUT found a hair in my sandwich and an eyelash in my bruschetta. The manager was accommodating about these items and took them off the check. I would recommend Postinos to someone  everything was very well seasoned and it's a great plate to share and snack on. The smoked smoked salmon was a great order to start your day with for brunch. The farm scramble was ok and it wasn't something to die for tho. Overall  and from the wine to the coffee ! Came back here twice in one day because it was so phenomenal ! Excellent staff  "They're not opening multiple locations for nothing! Come here for their $20 bottle of wine and bruschetta deals on Mondays/Tuesday's after 8pm! Otherwise  the doors were all open. It was a gorgeous sunny Sunday in Phoenix. This will go down as a wonderful memory If you're in the mood to get your carbs on with some bubbles or wine This place absolutely lives up to the hype! We have been going to postino for years now and are never disappointed. The food is great and the atmosphere is even better. Try any of the bruschetta and you will be happy!  but I loved it so much that we ordered a bruschetta tray for my birthday party this past weekend. I am gluten free & I loved that I could get a whole tray of gf bruschetta!! Everyone at the party loved it and said it didn't taste gf at all. It was definitely a crowd pleaser!"  and great food. I ordered the B.E.L.T. and it was to die for. My breakfast Panini was huge so I had to take a half to go. I would definitely recommend this place."  go for the chicken walnut salad. It doesn't disappoint! Happy hour is daily from 11-5pm with $5 glasses of wine. Tuesday nights you can get a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20. This is a great deal! Cheers!"  you can get french press coffee or treat yourself and have a mimosa or bellini ($5 each).  The atmosphere is very friendly (sit outside if you can) and the service is great.  I highly recommend this place (unless you arrive before me and take my table)!  Also  and vibe overall. Great wine list- but you have to get the boards! Try Sundays with live music and weekly specials." "Stopped in last night with some coworkers for their bottle & board deal which takes place Mon/tues.  Took about a half hour to get our party seated but well worth it. $20 gets you a bottle of house wine (from a pretty extensive list) and a bruschetta board...you are able to choose any 4 off of their amazing list! We had a great time. Fun ambiance Can't wait to come back!" NOT VERY ACCOMMODATING...you didn't deserve one star this time and we will stay away for a while now..."  and a selection of breads.  It was so much fun to try different combinations and everything we tried was delicious together.  We also ordered the bruschetta and it did not disappoint.  Our favorites were the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone and Burrata  I'd switch the artichoke for the apple with fig jam one! We also got the green mix salad which I thought may be just a tegular greens salad with pear but no. The fried leeks on top and dressing...yum!!  All so good." I definitely see why this place has such great reviews... not only is their service impeccable but their food is always amazing. if you just want a great sandwich and a fresh salad or a glass of wine and a meat/cheese platter... this is the place for you! I love their $20 deal for bruschetta and a bottle of wine! this place is always soooo good! love postinos arcadia!  insider tip (well it's printed on the menu) but their bottled wine is discounted when you order while dining in. Their rose on the menu is just divine :) looking forward to MANY happy hours I came here with a couple friends and ordered their unique bruschetta!! They have so much to choose from and there all so strong in flavor. Highly recommended! Great place to visit! "Ive been here several times with my friends & family; but also recently planned my birthday celebration here. Postino was fabulous at getting me in for my reservations for my party of 10 Had a good experience. We stopped in for a late lunch. We got 4 bruschetta's for the two of us and it was plenty to hold us over. Very trendy atmosphere and good service! Fantastic. I love the bruschettas. Mimosas could be stronger. Brunch BELT isn't my favorite. Wine is amazing here. Atmosphere is superb as its beautiful around this area. Perfect patio weather. Service has been good each time I've come in. can be noisy and cold."  however the ambience always seems very casual and classy. The happy hour prices are very fair and I love the bruschetta boards." I was very impressed with the owner Brad getting back to me on a concern I had in the restaurant a week ago. He totally solved the problem. I live between Scottsdale and California. I love that restaurant. A little crowded and I know little noisy but the service is great. And the staff is very friendly. A great place to go and relax with a glass of wine during happy hour where they have a five dollar menu. Highly recommend them. Bruschetta is awesome and the nine iron sandwich is delicious. One of my favorite places to eat in Arcadia. "Service is always fantastic. Bruschetta is unreal  and the environment is well designed for inside and outside seating. we ate at 6 other places and this was the best and most memorable one. if i'm ever in town again  the polite and prompt service will! We already can't wait to go back and dine with them again soon." The board and bottle deal is amazing. The end. Any of the locations are a must-go!"  thank you for being a friend." Came to this location back in March and was very disappointed with the service. First off it was extremely cold in the restaurant for some reason and when we asked if the air could be turned off or get moved the server just kind of laughed it off and didn't take us seriously. That already left a bad taste in my mouth. Second they server was not very accommodating... My dad asked if he could sub a soup for a salad and she flat out said no. Would not even check or anything. We were willing to pay a bit more for a sub but no she didn't care. Finally when we actually got our food the bread for the sandwiches and bruschetta were so stale and old. I don't usually write bad reviews but this time I was beyond unsatisfied and this was after talking up this restaurant to my dad visiting from out of town. Will probably just stick to the Tempe or Central locations from now on. Great place to eat and drink and enjoy a relaxing night out!  CA- and who doesn't love San Diego?!? Really!! :) My favorite thing to order is the Mixed greens salad and a board of assorted bruschetta."  the 5$ happy hour... Seriously what gets better than a pitcher or glass of wine for 5$??? The bruschetta is my go to comfort food and love the service. Postinos has it down when it comes to affordable date night Amazing place to enjoy wine and a variety of tasty bruschetta. My favorite ones were the warm artichoke spread and ricotta with dates and pistachios.  outstanding service and superb ambiance." The place has a great ambience. Free valet- awesome. The bruschetta is amazing. So are the salads. The only thing I wasn't happy with was the bread on their paninis. I orders the focaccia which was a little to hard or over toasted for my palate.   I'm in love with the place .. too bad I was just passing through town :(. The bruschetta never disappoints and neither does the wine. I love the $20 board and bottle deal the most!! Great spot to hang out with the girlfriends to chat and relax.  but not for a dinner place.  There are several locations.  I have been here Bomb af but snobby waiters they literally act like they can't wait to turn your table lol  very well decorated with walls of bottles of wine. I love their bruschetta special. You get to chose 4 different types. The prosciutto and figs stole my heart! Very good selection of wine  but luckily wasn't in a rush! Will definitely be going back." I went to brunch with friends and the food and service was great.  I have been there several times over the years and always enjoy myself. Parking at this location is somewhat of a PITA but that's typical Arcadia. The restaurant itself always has a great vibe and good service. I would likely give another star if their brunch options were just a bit more robust. The farm scramble is very tasty  ect. The food was truly beautiful and tasted just as good as it looked. I was sad I felt full before I finished all my bruschetta. My family LOVED that all the bruschetta slices were already cut into fourths so we could easily share. We will be back again and again." "Loved the bruschetta! I got a bruschetta board where you get to pick 4 types of bruschetta to try out. They were all unique and delicious. It was a fun eating experience. My 18 month old got the pb&j bruschetta from the kids menu  EVERYTHING was exceptional! It was my first time here and the place itself was welcoming enough! The ambiance and everything. My favorite was the bruschetta! You can pick four types and they were all so good! The poblano soup was was so tasty! I would go to this place everyday! This is definitely worth going to!" Had I not been in town for business I probably would have cracked another bottle and hung out long enough to be hungry for more dishes. Next time!"  and have already warned others of the poor service we received. Would definitely avoid this place if you have any hopes of having quality service."  I would expect the menu to undergo a bit of a refresh as well. Visited the Highland and Scottsdale location and even though the new location and great use of an old building is great Absolutely love this place. Owner and staff are great!! Food is amazing. PERFEKT is by far my favorite wine! Specials are worth the weight.  I cannot speak more highly of those places. Love this place. Great wine selection. You must have the bruschetta if you've never been. 