 and the salespeople are friendly. It's a good bargain to get the Ann Taylor credit card (and pay it off every month) because you'll get lots of great coupons for in-store and online shopping."  and quality of product as a whole. The staff at this location is sub-par and do not reflect the brand well. I hope that Loft does not lose customers based on negative customer service experiences.... They're lucky that I like the product enough to ignore some occasional rudeness." "I love this particular LOFT store! Everything is nicely set and the atmosphere is relaxing. The quality of clothes is really good and I do believe it's good value for money. They usually have more chic and classic clothes which I love. The staff is exceptional here. I love that they are really trying to help finding the right clothes for you instead of telling you ""how beautiful everything looks on you"". I always feel welcomed and I really do appreciate the fact that I am not being approached by a staff member every two minutes (this unfortunately happens in a lot of other stores in this area). This store feels more personal. Combine that with quality and affordable clothes and happy staff members and you definitely have a new regular customer!"  it's vintage styling with good prices. Great jeans too  a four star Old Navy experience... If they could work on their customer service skills on the sales floor  I was one of maybe 3-5 people in the store. I would practically walk into a sales associate but not even receive a glance or smile. No one working here seems to give an iota whether or not product is being sold. To avoid inconveniencing the associates I picked up my one and only bargain of the weekend - a $2.45 pair of flip flops (it was preparing to snow outside)." If only all Old Navy stores were like this one..."  not the best of experiences this time. Just hoping that maybe some college kids called off or something and that they were understaffed. Will return Old Navy is one of my favorite stores at The Waterfront. Sales occur frequently and I'm a big fan of their active wear.  Prices are very reasonable. Staff is helpful. If you're ever in Pittsburgh looking for some fresh gear and music make a trip to Time Bomb! Get ya life right! What up Brick?!" Great staff and cool location. Go check this place out." All in all TimeBomb is the place to shop in Pittsburgh if you're looking to ""Get Your Life Right""" New location in Garfield is the bomb!! Quite literally. Brian is a fab shop owner with the latest trends. Always support local business! Tried and true... Brick is that dude and has been holding it down for Pittsburgh streetwear for a long ass time. Been going there for a decade now. I moved to LA but was recently home and stopped by the new spot in Garfield and it was dope! Collab spot with Daily Bread and Refresh should be a good look for the future of all their brands.  I find shopping at Saks a better experience than shopping at the Macy's nearby." Now if only they could redo the whole store."  even if it's just to meet some of the kindest sales staff in retail."  after 60 years the store is moving out late next year.. Sad loss for DT Pittsburgh." "Fair well old friend. You will be greatly missed. After being in downtown Pittsburgh for 60 years etc. AND incredible service from savvy salespeople."  REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRAT. And you just lost all of our business. I can't believe someone would alienate their customers It's tucked away from the street.  They had a wide variety of beautiful pieces.  Upon entering the staff was nice enough.  They greeted me (from the couch) and offered to help me.  The designers are top notch and the prices match.  only that the people there are literally the nicest collection of individuals in all of Pittsburgh  even a humble college student like me at the time.  The sales ladies there really knew their jeans and made excellent recommendations on which jeans would fit my figure the best.  This place is one of the things I miss most since moving out of Pittsburgh."  and have been hooked ever since.  7 For All Mankind Bronze Swarovski Crystal Pockets.  Fantastic experience."  i did roam around the men's collection while bestie was in the fitting room and was amazed at how mostly everything was in place and cleaned up. loads of natural light also make everything even more aesthetically appealing. the only thing that would've been better was a sale. oh wait! bought three pairs of boxers for a lucky gent for only $15.95. no clothing tax in pgh = happy manda-panda."  but I recently had a really bad experience.  I went in to exchange a shirt and when I asked the orange face goblin manager if they had any more he was incredibly rude.  First When I shop at Gap about once or twice a year I head straight to the back of the store since that's where the sale items are. They usually don't disappoint! My most recent visit was in April and I purchased six basic tops for $47.26 (comes out to ~$7.88 each!). The girl at the register asked if I'd like to give them my e-mail so they could send me an electronic receipt and I did. It's pretty cool that they're doing this because I usually lose my receipts and or they end up cluttering up my purse. If you decide to opt-in for the e-receipt thing give them a secondary junk e-mail address though because they send a ton of promotional e-mails and or unsubscribe from them altogether.  you can now opt to save a tree and get emailed receipts.  This will also put you on the mailing list to let you know when the sales are so if you're thrifty like I am  once in a while I do have an itch that I have to scratch. And this weekend was one of those times- plus I had a $100 gift card that I've held onto for almost a year. I had a good experience here: the staff was nice  I really don't believe that they receive any special product or assortment vs. all of the other local Gap stores. I think the store is worth checking out if you're shopping on Walnut Street The guy who works here gave me the best customer service and helped me pick out my new favorite jeans. Probably the best experience I have ever had at the Gap.  and they let me bring my dog in as a I shop (Walnut is a very dog friendly street) Will go to the one in Ross or order online." Always find what i need. Great selection of men's (and women's) clothing. Staff always helps. Clean. And in Shadyside. Awesome.  Tory Burch....a small selection of shoes (even some Prada).  A selection of nice jewelry and a good selection of knits.  They had one of my fave knitwear company's Not really for females under 45.  the blond sales associate judged my friend and I by staring at us and abruptly walking away without a greeting. My friend was given dirty looks form the elderly sales associate while I tried to ignore the rudeness and enjoy the clothing. I am not complaining about the prices So I wrote a review but it was filtered. I think people should know how awful this place is before stepping inside. I have no ties to this place; I don't know any of the other owners of shops in Shadyside and I am 100% un-bias and wrote my review purely on my experience there. Why was it filtered?  The Row...their designer list is endless! I can not believe the shoes and the jewelery was amazing...Irene Neuwirth This store carries beautiful pieces (I look longingly at their shoes every time I pass by their storefront window). I've shopped here only a handful of times because normally the prices are wayyyy outside of my budget. When I came in last week I was sloppily dressed even by my own standards but was pleasantly surprised at the wonderful service I received from every single saleswoman in the store. They really went above and beyond. Marla is a sweetheart; she even waved and greeted me on the street a few days later. Can't wait to shop there again :)  but this is a pretty good store. High stock and usually carries whatever you see online in-store  working out at the gym and taking steroids. Scored myself a wallet with a chain. Why? Why not I ask you. My initiation for SamCro is next week (SOA reference alert). Just kidding Most Hot Topics are small & crowded . This HT is bigger & more spacious. I can actually walk through the store without being in someone's way.  but I always find something worth my short trek. The cashiers are helpful with the handful of coupons that I bring with me too!"  she was so nasty on the phone I decided to not go get the boxes......I DO NOT CARE who SHITTED Into your Corn flakes! You do not answer the phone in that manner! Next time your country ass needs to stay home from work. She should be lucky I wasn't her supervisor!" The only person in that store that was pleasant was this lady in shoes who was handing out coupons.  She was the real MVP in that store."  I loved shopping here and can not wait to go back!" g3GOYDjQ5bO-rj9GoHZ0bw "DUST BUNNY. Ive never really been a fan of Express. This store usually has dust bunny ridden floors and the changing rooms change all the time from what side is open. Usually only the womens side is open. Had to return a few things because they didnt fit after being washed once. ALSO what ever you see in the window  and there was plenty of helpful staff to assist me if I needed a different size. The biggest thing I loved about this Old Navy was their dressing room procedure. They have a small marker board on each dressing room door and they write on it the number of items you take in to try on as well as your name in case someone comes looking for you. The staff was very helpful and upbeat  I think I'll stick with my other stores for the time being." It's pretty average as far as Old Navy's go." If you're looking for high quality merchandise that will last more than a season or two With great prices and very nice associates I am definitely going to be back!" Their shoes.................... are you kidding me? Pay less has better! and most of the time its BOGO so in the future i will sell the gift cards for cash!"  the one in Baltimore) back in high school. The clothing has gotten better- and I have multiple pieces of ON clothing that have help up longer than American Eagle OR the Gap. I'm also glad they downsized the layout- it was too big and bulky before- a smart move by merchandisers. The staff is usually helpful and friendly and they have lots of cute things in stock- the colors are getting better I called to ask a question about merchandise and I was greeted by someone with an attitude who then passed the phone to someone else with an attitude. Sometimes I guess expected good customer service is asking for too much. This is just ridiculous.  the tiny clearance section allows only a few shoppers at a time.  Any more than that and you could start feeling claustrophobic."  it was organized and it moved quickly."  I found two shirts for my sweetie and a few killer deals. The checkout line was also backed up on Good Friday. I visit this location frequently....Gasp! I still dont have a credit card Ekkkkk! What can I say. The Jeans here fit my big moon PERFECTLY!" This location is not well maintained by management." "I only visit this location if I have a return! There are always a line and this location is always unorganized Always EXTREMELY slow service and long lines. Organization of clothing is ok and quality of decent clothes is hit or miss. Every time I come I wait at least 20 min in line  this is a store that sells post mastectomy beauty supplies.  But still with October quickly approaching I'll take it upon myself as a woman and a daughter affected by breast cancer to tell everyone about this place.  They have all kinds of great stuff to help a woman feel good during her recovery.  They have wigs and other hair accessories "Extremely poor customer service and do not offer the latest innovations in wigs. Maybe they were once the only game in town and are resting on their laurels...if you have breast cancer  I was shocked at how pushy they were with her. They are taking advantage of cancer patients." There are many more details I could bore you with but bottom line my fellow breast cancer friends   stay clear of this place!!!!!" "This is probably the best place in Charlotte to shop for jeans.  The best thing about the Poole Shop is that even though it seems like it could one of typical snobby stores where everything is ridiculously expensive and the sales staff is rude  there is a bunch of stuff to choose from in this department.  The only down side is that it is kind of a small store so the selection isn't the biggest  which was nice to see amongst several very expensive and more conservative stores. They do have a nice selection and  come in and see their art-displays and two-story vertical garden by French landscape architect Patrick Blanc."  and I particularly liked their jewelry. In the back they had a sale section with some great dresses and tops. Only thing about this place is that the girls don't seem to be interested in helping anyone or saying hello. I didn't mind so much because I'd rather browse alone  other times nothing. I mostly go there to get long-sleeved tops. They almost always have good cocktail party dresses  and she's got really good taste as far as I can tell. Some nice gear here--seems like women from 18-40 could find good stuff here for a night on the town or for work." "Good low to high price selection of cute clothes. The items on the lower end of the spectrum seem to have been vetted for quality (clothes more than jewelry). The sales associates I spoke with were very friendly  oh my goodness most of the pieces are  unreasonably priced. It is outrageous. I have purchased a few items. Most have been end of season sale items. I did purchase a beautiful sweater for $125 which I absolutely love but that was an unusually high priced purchase for me. If you have the dough to spend It would be a great place for a teeny bopper looking for some type of club clothes...otherwise Luna has a lot of cute clothes! They seem to run out of smaller sizes quickly though. They once made an error with one of my online orders and they resolved it which I appreciated. The store is always well staffed and the staff is helpful and friendly. Really nice clothes. Good selection. Prices are high to reasonable. Girls were courteous and helpful. A little chatty with each other though. G9U_t5ClPfexHheBdj5V0Q  but I couldn't find anything I would purchase here (a pair of flip flops on sale was still going for $75). The clothing was pretty basic. If you are in the area it may be worth a look  but it's been a while since I've sported such a preppy style.  If that's your thing then go for it  shoes and clothing. Staff has always been very sweet and helpful. While there are plenty of shops to check out in SouthPark  they will not get my money.  It is a shame  that there are still people in this city that are so snobby.  You never know who has money to buy but you judge them on how they look or if you know them.  Embarrassing  for Charlotte."  but much of what I found in here was unjustifiably expensive - it didn't even make sense to spend that kind of money on the dresses they had here. Most of which were very plain and didn't even look like they were worth anything near what they were asking for them. The saleswomen were very nice "I am not sure why you would rate a store less because you can't afford to shop there. I saw that the ladies below were treated well and invited to private events. If you can't afford to shop  shoes and home goods departments. So if you're looking for a new and fresh look without spending alot of cash I'd definitely recommend swinging by Kohl's and taking a look around."  there are no clothes strewn all over the floor.  They now have hanging racks inside the dressing rooms or right outside of the door.  My compliments to the associates who are tasked with this cumbersome task Nice store with huge selection of apparel. I came here to find formal suit for my interview and found a nice one. This place is connected to public transport and the Red Line bus from my university stops right in fron tof Kohls- pretty convenient! So when I'm on this side of town I love Kohls but everytime I've been to this store I've gotten an attitude from most of the associates and never been able to find a good deal so I've stopped going."  but not refunding the original price paid for the items is bull! But the taking the Kohl's cash promo away from the gift receiver is crap as well. It's a promotion the store is doing and as it turns out  nice greeting when you enter.  The return policy is excellent."  but the management in the back service area is nasty. They all love to take our money There is ample parking right in front of the store.  Aside from a little construction going on in the area this is the perfect place for me to shop." This location can definitely get messy sometimes. It never seems like there are any associates on the floor working to straighten and fold clothes. I've also experienced this at other Kohl's locations."  the first being my scouting trip to see if the had what I was looking for and they did.  I stood at the counter for 15min before I had to ask for help. I explained to the sales associate what I was looking for and showed her the picture of the exact item that was in their case a few days before. She proceeded to look for a few seconds "Have you ever read Animal Farm? This store is the retail version of that story. The management staff run around like farm animals (The pigs from the book) and the cashiers are slow as grazing cattle. There is no sense of customer service at this store. I would like to specifically call out   I found out at Christmas that they will no longer accept expired Kohl's Cash as they once did. I have some ""cash"" from the pre-Christmas shopping binge & was going to use it. It has expired by TWO days. I saved myself a trip by calling ahead of time to make sure I could use it & the answer was NO from 2 different associates on the phone. One suggested trying to use it online at ""checkout"" which I did "My favorite Madison clothing store by far.  I coveted a pair of gold shoes they had over Christmas ($135!)  and managed to save enough to buy them....totally worth it!!  They are italian leather and SO beautiful.  Everything else in the store is the same way....it makes me wish I had unlimited funds and could get one of everything.  The guys clothing is fantastic too  I would recommend passing on Banana Republic and trying your luck at Macy's or another retailer."  BR in the mall is a shotty example for quality.  They are anything but quality.  The clothing in the entire Gap Inc. company has declined in quality over the years.  The service  you're store's bananas and you've lost me."  It can get a little messy in here when it is busy but again they seem to be understaffed which I feel for. I have actually seen one person consistently working here for about 2 years now and it seems like they never get a day off. So I think it is more a matter of staffing by the store owner or head manager. We'll see what the future brings for them but until then I will continue to shop here!"  half off hangars pants and jackets. This place needs an iron fist. A store manager who can shape this thing up and restore BRs name as a Gap Inc brand. Someone would have to tell me they did a complete 180 for me to return."  and is misleading at best and flagrantly deceptive at worst. For shame Banana Republic!" Sales are very good. Quality of clothing very good. But the main reason I like this place is the Manager Nancy? Every time I am in there she is very helpful and excellent sales person. Just bought a pair of shoes. She was fantastic. Not pushy just genuinely helpful. Thanks for a great shopping experience. "Ann Taylor loft clothing beats Ann Taylor any day.  It is more stylish and less expensive.  They often have great sales going on and if you are a young professional woman Crappy customer service.  I was the only minority in the store the whole time (wearing Ann Taylor clothes I had previously purchased at other stores) and these biotches followed me around like I was going to steal something. 7RPQOurtiDWjKNILE9bu1g Terrible customer service. Was denied the option to return items out of return window that was easily taken back and reimbursed at an alternate location. Was not allowed to talk to a manager when requested.  Disappointed this represents the LOFTs brand. "Old Navy!  The place to go for affordable clothing in Madison that doesn't cream Cheap-o like a lot of the ""Wet Seal"" type stores do.  Always fantastic sales and the clothes are uber-flattering.  I just picked up a knee-length tweed coat for about $50 and I get compliments every time I wear it.  The staff seem to enjoy their jobs as well.  5 stars!"  but that's not really a big mark against the place. Casual fashion at reasonable prices and jeans that fit less-than-skinny ladies. Woot!"  but I popped in last night to find summer shorts. I didn't find any. I usually head straight for the clearance section  graphic t-shirts and so on. Great store to go to if you're looking for a nice spring dress for a great price. You can also apply for a credit card and get approved immediately." Sale! 1.00 fleece hats and 2.00 fleece scarves. Mix and match. Icy cold wind whips right off the lakes near capital.  etc. etc.) they are happy to help. And they graciously handle returns or exchanges with ease. Plus Im still not sure I'll go back." "5 stars for customer service department. It is a nuisance that the customer service is all the way in the back corner but I'm not going to knock a star off for that. Everytime I needed to return items or exchange the employees have been fast and extremely efficient. I love that. I'm too busy to stand in line and wait just to bring an item back. Boom! They scan it and run your charge card and then print you a receipt for your return unlike other kohls where they take up an hour of your life. The other thing I love about this kohls location is that the store is always kept organized and neat when I shop there. I'm not sure if it is because I shop on Monday or Tuesday and it isn't as busy as the weekend but seriously this kohls rocks with perfectly folded items and organized shelves. Also unlike the kohls in Ohio  but most of the registers were staffed.  Zero stars for the cashier who WOULD NOT TAKE NO for an answer about opening a Kohl's charge.  It became grating after the second time.  I stopped counting at 10.  TEN.  The cashier asked me MORE THAN 10 TIMES in one transaction if I wanted to open a charge card (the answer was no each time).  I'm being reeeaaalllly generous with those stars today..." Has some really cute kids clothes."  and the discounts and specials and sales are frequent and valuable.  I buy much of my casual clothing there and find the selection quite accommodating.  If you don't find something Has some unique brands which other stores dont have like Simply Vera Wang."  aisles neatly kept and discount/sales have gotten me through the last several Christmases. The return department is second to none. I'm a huge Kohl's fan because of our local store." she also has her own clothing line which is worth checking out."  and most importantly the Eileen Fischer line. How can you not love comfort and sleekness all in one? Anyway It's demeaning and unnecessary. It's not worth the visit. Bella is more professional." "I totally agree with Jade.  The moment I walked throught the door I felt like Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman . . .the store where she got rejected!  The clerk was staring at me like I was some kind of a kleptomaniac.  The shop was just okay for me.  Some things were very chic and appropriatley priced for chic  so you can be sure that anything you purchase there is the absolute best. The jewelry is incredible and the staff is helpful and honest when you need an opinion on something you are purchasing. LOVE it there!"  that will last many years with amazing style.  I love that I know I won't be walking down the street and see 8 people in the same piece of clothing like items you find at the mall.  Also "Every so often I'll try this place out and I manage to always find something that I have to have. It's a bit pricy  but the feeling is overcompensated by wearing a Skunkfunk dress over jeans under a smart Skunkfunk coat. That's how I sleep at night. In my Skunkfunk fancies." "i pretty much loathe buffalo. I rarely find anything worth buying and when I do its no cheaper that if I went to the actual store. They staff isnt great in all senses and the music isnt very good. They only buy things you would be looking to buy anyway They need to get off their high horse."  if you still haven't found the old school gear you're shopping for  I'm serious. Is this some kind of Glade plug in required in used clothing stores? But everything is organized so well even Felix Unger could browse here. And I love shopping at places where the staff is bejeweled and bedazzled in lots of face and body ornamentation. It always confirms in me why I'm glad to remain pierceless and untatooed. I've scored Dolce and Gabanna Oh and another thing -if you're looking for designer jeans this isn't a bad place to look. You can usually find them anywhere from $60 to $85 a pair. Better than fighting at Last Chance!" buffalo has changed over the years..prices are higher and they pay their sellers less and less...I remember back in the day you would get 45% cash now you get what 35%?? Dont get me wrong I take my unworn things here and have walked out with a hefty check but if I thought about it I might cry as the pair of True Religions I sold to them I got a big$24...I dont trade that often as I think their employees get all the goods..Sometimes like other resale stores you can score big...L.A.M.B dress for $35...it doesnt get much better than that I need to be more careful next time.  Where is Savers?"  just took my clothes to the Tempe location where they ended up taking nearly half of them. This experience has really soured me on the Missouri location of this chain." "Not sure who the snotty people are who allegedly work here. I've only encountered friendly critters! And if they don't like my clothes I just donate them to charity. And I don't cry about it either. Waaa  not target or somewhere.  The clot;hing for grown people is usually priced better than the college stuff "This location has the best merchandise out of any BE I've been to so far.  Of course they're not going to take your Wet Seal shirt from 2 years ago  your staff is cool and friendly and your clothes are hip."  you shouldn't come here looking for a good slack or dress pant score. These stores mainly have jeans in their pants area. It's worth checking out if you haven't been before." The only thing that's generally alright is their shoe selection. I got a pretty sweet pair of Nikes for $30." All for $80.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  I love that you can bring in your gently used clothes and sell or get store credit.  I'm a fan!" JmEp4DxBEIrFD-rgbL8bvQ  with tags still on- from White House | Black Market for $18.00.  Two awesome finds!!  Whoot Whoot!" Was anybody nice to me? Not really. Did that make me feel bad? Nope! Avoid Buffalo Exchange if you have a fragile ego  and had friendly staff and lots of nice clothes that were priced to be quite easy on the wallet; so I ended up buying a few items myself. You'll probably spend less at most thrift stores  I would recommend the Tempe BE. The quality of clothes are better & the prices are better. I actually see no-name brand shirts with tags from Ross priced at like $14. Umm "I like Buffalo Exchange. They are always on the right wave of trend at any given time. I'm a sucker for their sunglasses/fake glasses selection. Everyone that works here is usually really nice :) The selection is pretty good  to the two 18 year-old girls that brought 2 trash bags full of Abercrombie and Hollister clothes from your preteen years... thank you for wasting their time and all of us that had to painfully watch them sort through your junk." I'll definitely go back." I can almost always find something fan-fuckin-tastic for less than half the price it'd be in it's original store. Great place to get bargains....but don't sell your stuff here they give you next to nothing for it.  organize a Frock Swap with a huge group of friends. You're bound to find way cooler items for no cost at all I suggest My Sister's Closet." *pours a forty for the ""old"" Buffalo*" "More grownup than their Tempe college location (logo T shirt mania).  As my style evolves with age  but definitely seems like some of the other reviewers take a bit of a bruising to their egos during the selling process. Considering the typical outfit worn by the employees here involves a romper  I will continue to go to that store instead."  tank and awesome bottle cap earrings. staff were friendly. it's great to go during the week not the weekend if you plan on selling or trading your duds."  and a purse for $70! the most expensive thing was the purse for $20. the shorts were $7-8 and shirts $5-10. it's amazing!! i love the vintage look and they have a very large selection. all the employees have super cute styles and are nice. they aren't extremely attentive but honestly i would rather be left alone so that i can shop! love it there. awesome jewelry also!" I'll keep going back because I love the thrill of the hunt but I won't do so expecting to be charmed." If you're trying to sell check their website first to see what they're looking for to save yourself some heart ache when they pass up a beautiful sweater. And seriously  go for it! Just be prepared to hunt!"  deff check it out.  If you don't mind spending quite a bit of time searching always a good selection of clothing.  a great place to people watch too LOL  time to update my closet.  A great way to sell some clothes for cash is at Buffalo Exchange.  They give you 33% for the value of the clothes or 50% for in store credit.  The staffs are so friendly.  I just love the store that doesn't smell like something died like other consignment stores." I would suggest going in to trade during an off time (not a weekend) when there will be less people trading. They may spend more time looking at your items. They also prefer the items to be in season "I am officially boycotting this joint.  I have been shopping here for over 15 years. It was a really cool re-sale store where you good find some nice pieces for a decent price. They now have thrift store quality clothes at retail prices. My last few times in there I spent an hour or so shopping and left empty handed  and began going through my items herself.  She purchased ONE item out of several large bags and sent me on my way.  It was an incredible blatant FU to me for ""forcing her hand"" when it came to my return.  What grade are we in again?  I am still amazed that this even happened.  What a great manager!  I bet her employees really enjoy working for her.  It's too bad  a studded leather wrist band and a black bow tie all for $27 bucks - WOWZA!  I really like bow ties and I can hardly wait to wear this one out to an event or maybe even the cinema.  Until then Definitely worthy of a frequent stop in - I'm glad I found one in MPLS to browse I can find some good items here every now and then....some of the employees I could do without.  the quality of which runs the gamut from cute cheap Chinese crap to OMG is this really $15 superior quality items. Look and look often because inventory turns over and fast. If you want a quick hit of something unique or need to offload some extra items FINALLY GIVING UP ON THIS JOKE OF A PLACE :P"  I cleaned out my closet and came here and they literally took 1 pair of jeans out of maybe 40-50 items.  I mostly brought in some old work clothes from Banana Republic and just some odds and ends that no longer fit.  This place is solely for indy/punky/trendy "Loved this place; completely full of rack after rack of steeply discounted tops and dresses. There's even a little vintage section in the corner  nice people working here. Plus  but for them to be rude is just such a turn off from the store. I want to love this store Not going here again. Back to Ross/Rack/Last chance."  I warn you that they are extremely picky. And what they do take they won't give you much money for. Last time I was here they tried to give me $5 for a brand new juicy couture dress. And if you go through their clothes that they are selling you will find stuff the looks like a craft project But it's probably because they're too cool for school."  and at prices that left me wondering why anyone shops here instead of at regular stores to pay the same for brand new clothing. DO NOT ATTEMPT TO SHOP OR SELL HERE  I sometimes question their buying process. I once watched them pass on an amazing designer bag which I then bought in the parking lot from the disgruntled seller for a smokin deal!! Their loss was definitely my gain that day!" Sometimes I find good jeans. Sometimes." "I prefer this location over the one on University in Tempe.  Quite an eclectic array of clothing and merchandise. The clothes buyers can be a little uppity and stingy compare to other resale shops in the valley I also don't care to know what you personally think about the design aesthetic of a brand. After so many years of exemplary service in both the sales and buying departments it annoys me to see the tittle of buyer handed out to whomever." "I've been here hundreds of times and each time is hit or miss. This one is ran by young hipsters that often have good taste. I personally dress more conservatively than they tend to buy though so it's sometimes a fight for me to find anything  that & the I other items you didn't know that you needed! Last time I was in I found the sickest belt buckles ever." Loved how organized the shoes were and that they had a separate section for vintage clothes!  Everyone I came into contact with was super nice and friendly.  I am glad I stopped in while visiting phoenix. Name brands and styles in decent shape for great price I wish i could give higher rating. Not comparable to buffalo exchange in alb. Nm. The women there usually are very sparse in choosey with the clothes. I have brought true religion jeans they turned down. 200 + jeans in perfect condition. I say go to other stores that buy sell trade. They might offer more. They did for me. $$$  pretty typical for the people at Buffalo Exchange to be kind of rude.  They just have a ""can't be bothered"" attitude.  Maybe it's just the culture of the company (the one in Tempe being the only exception so far).  They weren't particularly rude "Honestly I gotta say I love this store. They take designer labels and they give you a decent amount of pay if you trade your stuff. What I didn't like of going to the store today was one associates' attitude. I believe her name was Erica. There was a Louis Vuitton bag and I took a look at and and told me it was vintage. I took a look at it and by looking at the outside and the date code on the inside I was able to tell it was a 90's speedy. She started to give me attitude and told me it was a 70's bag. I tried to explained how the date codes worked for LV and began to argue and talk over me. Until I had about enough I told her to not get mad and explained that the bags from the 70s had no date codes  not worth the long wait to me-but maybe for someone with a lot of their style clothing. Meh  which wasn't surprising considering the kind of clothing they were currently selling. I think I'll be sticking to the tempe location after this disaster of an experience!" Every time I come here the staff is very friendly eager to help and even let the kid I was watching use the bathroom under supervision. The deals are great and I enjoy using the clothing exchange."  and the stuff lasts a long time!  Gotta like that."  sales selection is often pick over...you should just go to the Mills This store just isn't what it used to be.  :( Thank you Old Navy for always having great deals around the Christmas Holiday "Today I happened to stop by at this Old Navy location looking to purchase last clothes and shoes for my little sisters who are going away for summer break abroad with their father.   After deciding what shoes I was happy with I remembered I did not recall my sisters shoe size.  As I searched for my phone I realized I had forgotten it at home. ( oh bummer ) I politely asked to use store phone and was declined the service.   ""But I drove here from a fair distance can I just use it to call and verify the shoe size of the six year old and ten year old"".  ""Can you just make a guess and if they don't fit I can say Old Navy is not pricy and always affordable. Great sales in the back on clearance. You will find mens Seems like Old Navy caters more and more to kids and women. Men's selection gets smaller and smaller each time I visit. I think I've had enough.  kudos to these guys for staying cool under the pressure of Black Friday."  but not when I am spending almost 100 on clothing and accessories from a ""brand name"" store. I purchased a pair of pants and the security tag was left on them. I returned to the store with the original receipt and all the tags on the pants. The women saw me as the alarm went off when I walked in This place was packed with people. I still was able to get in and get all my items in a relatively quick time. Just about 30 min! The line was so long but I got through quick! The jeans table placed right next to the line enthused me to buy a pair! At the checkout one on my sweaters rang up only $10 and the lady let me run back and grab a second one! For that price can't be beat! Love this place!  I was blatantly ignored by all sales reps. But then a white woman came in who was immediately approached and was asked if she needed help. I was so shocked and disappointed that I left without purchasing. I was treated differently by the Ann Taylor staff due to my appearance (young Asian woman)."  I was blatantly ignored by all sales reps. But then a white woman came in who was immediately approached and was asked if she needed help. I was so shocked and disappointed that I left without purchasing. I was treated differently by the Ann Taylor staff due to my appearance (young Asian woman)." I come here often the customer service sucks . I came in twice last week and was greeted not once infact they completely ignore you!!! They seriously need some customer service skills. Still Love the clothes!! it was a pretty shitty way to outright profile what you think can't afford to shop in your store...." "This is a great store.  The men's section is wonderfully edited with a great selection from their many lines (blue label "Terrific store in a wonderful shopping center. Men's selection was plentiful as was the terrific service provided by Hector. I was pleased to find a selection of black label options as well. Definitely recommend spending an afternoon ( weather permitting as this is an outdoor shopping center ) here walking around I had the worst experience in my life the had some lady working there was very rude I don't if she was the manager or sales Representative I believe her name was Hanna she was very unprofessional I am sorry to say that but I well never shop there again I always go to the different location in the Phoenix area but never again well I go to that location I've never actually bought anything here though."  so all you fashionistas out there who think that size 2 means that a girl's just not getting enough to eat should come here and pick up all my old designer duds that I've grown tired of." I will be back soon to see what other goodies I can find. That $400 Louis really made me nervous though. Who has so much dough that they can just drop a perfectly good $1200 bag at consignment??........ and are they interested in adopting or marrying me..."  but i've found a couple really cute dresses and a GREAT ann taylor suit (for $40).  this location is MUCH better than the one in scottsdale  but that's what makes them a good consignment shop and their prices are really pretty good. I always stop here after Last Chance. It completes my shopping day and a good deal makes me happy. Forget Prozac I love this store.  I stop by every time I'm in town.  Great selection of clothing in a boutique setting.  Name brands at great prices.  Stop by here.  it's Scottsdale girl cast-offs. They've taken a bunch of my old shit and don't totally give customers the shaft on trade (unlike its emo counterpart  and the selection of larger sizes is pretty small.  I still haven't  figured out why there are three or four racks of jeans and several racks of blouses in different locations  what staff???They were all too busy going through what they were going to buy. Not one person said hello. Oh well "I've been to this location quite a few times and I usually find at least 1 little gem! On my first trip I found a cute cream colored banana republic v-neck that I wear often on a night out or on a lunch date on a Sunday afternoon! My best find so far was my brand new (I mean they were BRAND NEW) black nine west pointy toe pumps. And it just so happened that on this weekend ALL 'non-designer' shoes were half off! I thought $16 was already a steal but to my surprise...$8. EIGHT DOLLARS? JACKPOT! Recenty I bought a cute pair of used cream and brown peep toe pumps that I fully intend to take full advantage of. Ladies Love this place! I bring my stuff here to consign and I shop here as well. I've had lots of luck here and it's located in a great shopping center close to Last Chance!! Perf!  sizes were mostly too big and boxy for my tall  and I know I can always find something I like there.  Every-time I consign I always sell something within a week and can count on store credit.  Very reputable.  Great spot to shop during lunch from work -I saw several people coming in the s"  I do feel it is worthy of checking out."  along with amazing prices.  yippie for my sisters closet!" "I've been on a consignment store kick lately and decided to check this place out. Items are definitely geared toward an older crowd and contain a lot of ""bridge"" brands. For example  I will not be holding my breath.  Nor will I look forward to interactions with any salespeople.  Shrug.  We shall see..." If you think this was useful  it can be hit or miss but that makes it okay to shop there every week! I've never sold anything to them so I cannot comment on what that process is like."  there's something for everyone. Every week I check in to see what  new merchandise they have. So exciting! Like it on Facebook."  and obvious lack of customer service skills you lost an extremely large sale and any future business my wife and I would ever give you. That unfortunately includes the clothing side. we refuse to give business to people that treat customers so disrespectfully !"  maybe you'll bump into me in there not buying something. :(" They have a dressing room at this location. Parking is usually plentiful right in front of the store." I would definitely reccomend My Sister's Closet if you're looking to sell some clothes or if you're looking to buy on a budget."  they ended up giving them away to a thrift store for dogs (I shit you not) and didn't even bother to call me.  I guess that's not their policy...if you consign here and they don't sell your stuff in whatever time frame they think they should  I'm not that impressed with what this location carries.   I can't imagine why someone would buy a used Tiffany necklace with someone else's initials on it ive been to better consignment places. however they are the only ones that would take some of my older clothes. they have a large selection which is nice but you really got to dig to find stuff. also i always consign like 10 things and only seem to get like $5 bucks in credit for nice stuff. it seems disorganized in there and can take awhile for them to sort through your things. also you can't call them to see if you have credit u have to go in-pain in the butt. i pretty much only go here if other stores won't take my stuff.  you should head over to My Sister's Closet.  They now have a new Men's store that has a great variety of everything that is right next door.   :)" Excited about the new location! I've found some great jeans in small sizes (24-25) here! R&R for $35. Yay!!" Super fun place to shop for high quality clothing and accessories at bargain prices. They have a large selection especially good for work clothes lots of suits and dresses. Good selection of evening clothes as we'll. beautiful jewelry too. Other locations in town a fun day to bit them all.  and they have an odd mix of mall brand clothing all the way to higher end stuff. I saw a pair of size 9 tory burch miller sandals (brown brand new) for around $50.00 "Not impressed!  I've brought a few items in on two different occasions and shopped while they considered what I brought.  The counter help seemed clueless "Good selection at the Pima rd. location.  I'm doing the camelback location tomorrow.  Clean and well organized  I would swear the place has changed management or employees. It used to be possible to buy high-end office clothes here and the staff were nice. Now it's a trophy-wife clothes Organization not clear. I sincerely hope this is a temporary location."  I think this place is hit or miss as far as attitudes of employees go! I have never really shopped it so I can't give too much feedback on selection but it looks like they have a pretty good amount and variety of designer jeans."  not so great when selling but clearly as the market dictates). I like that they separate contemporary brands from other stuff which makes it easier for me to find what I like. The location is convenient but not as comfy as other locations. If you are hoping for customer service  etc.) and what I received in return in cash was $55. I asked Jenny (sales person) if I could take home my 1 remaining item and they wanted to charge me $5.00 to do so (and that charge will be going up soon according to Jenny and the sign she brusquely pointed to). It was because it was an item they had priced under $25. ""It's in the contract"" Jenny so gruffly explained. So when taking your clothes for consignment I highly suggest that you stay current on your contract so you know exactly what kind of exchange you will experience from them. Apparently they make changes to your contract whenever they see fit and do not notify you of the changes other than the signs they post in-store. Be cautious and informed before doing business here. I've had my account there for years and I've never felt so dismissed by the sales persons (esp. Jenny)  one is better off sending them to The Real Real. They pay 70% and shipping.  From now on I will donate all other items to charity and take the donation receipt  but I will be back to give them another chance. Get this. I had 3 hours to kill because my car was getting serviced. I wandered into My Sister's Closet. I've never been to one before  they have great deals sometimes and a fun place to shop but if you make a big purchase get it checked out. Pinnacle peak is usually the one who cannot tell fake from real Scottsdale location does a pretty good job!" "I found My Sisters Closet was very dishonest.  I took a brand new pAir of 600.00 $ boots there.   And they said they donated them to charity because they had holes in them.  That was completely false and I did not get a dime.  Consignment shops are able to not have to be honest way too easily.   I will never shop there again.    Not all consignment shops are dishonest  "I've been shopping at My Sisters Closet for over a decade & have never had these mishaps other reviewers have.  I have bought & sold.  I've seen their biz get bigger & bigger & their customer service get better.  I always feel like the staff treats me really well The place is small and it seemed like the items they consign are a lot of less than desirable ones." I have been consigning for more than 2 decades and most recently here and my experience has not been the best. From items being dropped off never making it on my account to items being priced at pennies to the dollar is unacceptable.  I have to add how rude the manager is I don't know her name but I just tried to cash out the remainder of my account and was told they are closed and the door shut on my face. Well bitch I know this but maybe if I was able to cash out on the men's side I would not have to even have contact with your rude ass. I will be visiting the store tomorrow just to give her an ear full... very inconvenient and definitely not how you treat shoppers nor consigners. "One of my favorites places to shop and find unique clothing to add to my wardrobe...love  sweater and 2 pairs of shoes for $60.  I wasn't sure about the dress but when I got it on it was flattering.  You have to pick through everything and try on everything that you think MIGHT work and you end up finding just a few things that do... but that's why consignment store shopping is fun!  And I thought this was a solid consignment store.  I don't see an option to add a photo of my haul to this review but I'll add it in the photos for this location."  the choices are slim. They have about three different bathrobes to choose from and not much in the skivvie department either. I prefer Needless much more then Slack's. I'm just sayin'..."  she helped me pick out the best scented candle and carefully wrapped it up for me in that special Jo Malone way complete with black grosgrain ribbon and black tissue paper.  Another highlight of the store for me was the handbags dept.  Oh my.  So many wonderful styles and brands.  I could spend hours there just touching and feeling the merchandise.  Oh If I could only figure out how to make a few boatloads of cash to purchase some of these wonderfully marketed objects  very conservative. I would just say boring. But yet I enjoy looking at it all. I do not know if they still do or not; but we used to get diamond studded dog collars in the fine jewelry. Hmmm I wonder where those are."  so obviously they have very upscale merchandise. They carry the best of the best designers...BUT-b/c Saks at the Biltmore is such a small store Went to Saks over the summer couldnt get help from anyone yet it wasnt busy. If you dont look like a million bucks dont run inside here! They wouldnt throw fire on your burning body!  the shoe and handbag departments are like candyland. total fantasy!!! it was all i could do to keep from grabbing something and running like hell... :o)"  give Lindsay a call... you will not be disappointed!"  in other words... I do not like the sales staff in that department though... Ive had a couple of experiences and they could use a bit of know how in the personalizing and customer service department... But I think for the most part...Saks rates high on the mark."  and the people they hire in the departments know their stuff. All employees are friendly and attentive and they treat you like gold. Products are of the highest quality and all the name brands are top-of-the-line. Of course "Great customer service which is not as pushy as Neiman Marcus. Love the cosmetic and purses here. I think the show selection should be much larger and have a wider variety. Saks does have great sales and promotions. A cosmetic promotion just ended where you got a tote bag with samples inside if you spend at least $75. At Neimans their cosmetic gifts require a $100 purchase Lillian at the NARS counter walked over to help us and couldn't have been nicer or more knowledgeable about all of the make-up lines that Saks carries.  She sold us all a little something and I guarantee that the next time I'm in need of some make-up "Saks Fifth Avenue is fabulous when it comes to their make-up dept. They have everything you could imagine. Samples of everything you would like to try.  They will bring you a mini bottle of water when you come in I have gone to this store for their.handbags...i have gotten a few from here...the women in the louis vuitton area were awesome and so friendly...i have come in and bought nothing and had just worked out and they were still so friendly...i have bought three items from louis vuitton area and they were so helpful and not over the top...the women in the fendi area were very nice too...i love the nice cards they send! I wish i could shop here all the time but i cannot afford it...one day...until then this place will be my special treat every now and then...  great quality. Expensive as all hell but you get the best one can buy."  I would have gone down to Scottsdale Fashion Mall myself. B) You assess this charge without even letting a customer know that would be the case? C) $15 to ship a wispy scarf?  Not your best  SO many good choices. Ha! Even I learned there is more than one JMalone. I can't deny loving the fact that my new fav smell is unisex and not too girly. AND hard to find. Since this is about Saks and not JMalone. I will get back to the review at hand! Saks 5th always has what you need and yep  she is very knowledgable and knows all about their selection of handbags. She always has a smile on her face and also very presentable. Thank you for making me feel so welcome :)"  phenomenal service.  They have an excellent assortment of Designers and the staff is super friendly.  I was greeted with genuine smiles and offered bottled water right when I walked in.  Top notch!" The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because shoe sales rack has really dwindled in size over the last year or two. Other than that  that's the ultimate test. I received excellent service in the intimate department. The saleswoman was so friendly and professional. She went above and beyond to help me. I was highly impressed with the staff and the overall organization of the store. It's nice customer service isn't lacking everywhere." "I purchased a David Yurman ring from a really friendly sales person by the name of Eiko last week. She was extremely professional and answered all of my questions.  The jewelry store was pretty empty and I actually was just passing through to get to the shoe department but stopped to window shop.  When I was asking which ring would look better on me I went in looking to find nice fragrances for my husband and I.  I was helped immediately with friendly and knowledgeable associates Ramona in Jo Malone and Tina the Chanel brand manager.  They helped me try several men's and women's fragrances in order to find the perfect one.  I also loved that they threw in some samples to try other fragrances for mixing with the Jo Malone or for winter for my husband.  I felt very at ease while shopping and seeing the huge jewelry department only tempts me more!  Also I saw some yummy Marc Jacobs candles while checking out...  Kourosh asked if he could help me. He is  very knowlegable about the inventory.  He showed me some beautiful shoes and was so patient as I tried on several pair. He has a great eye for style. I would highly recommend that you ask for him if you know exactly what shoes you want Her dedication to her job speaks very highly of her and of Saks. She was professional and extremely kind. I wish all Saks stores are as fortunate as this one to have an employee like her." 9dvuzmf1oF122Y4cZepRVA Personally if I am shopping somewhere as high end as Saks Fifth Avenue where they cater to a higher end clientele I think I deserve good customer service. I came by here today to return a shirt that I had bought recently and received major attitude by the gentleman who helped me. He treated me as though I was an inconvenience to him. I then proceeded to go upstairs to purchase some jeans and the sales guy was rude and made me feel the same way! Horrible and seriously unacceptable and I don't plan on shopping here in the future and you shouldn't either. Louis Vutton service was Perfect."  but selection of men's merchandise is quite limited.  I usually compare jewelry between Needless Mark Up and here as the quality is best.  Problem is that Saks has 1 modest sized jewelry case.  Men's clothing seems to be geared to an older market.  Cologne selection is not bad  and shared it with my friend. We loved the effect in the pictures. It made us look like we had a bronze glow. We even applied it to our chest and shoulders."  they were all nice at first but after I bought it and came back to show them some defects with my wallet they smiled at me and told me I'm pretty much out of luck.  Will never go back." How great is a store that makes you feel so welcome when you walk in the door!  The sales lady (Betty I think) came right over to us yesterday and offered us snacks and waters for the kids.  I bet she has a medical marijuana card." Worst possible customer service experience at LV.  Terrible sales associates.  DO NOT waste your time.  Go to the  Scottsdale location.  my next objective was to find a gift for my Aunt.  I caught the attention of a sales associate named Lulu.  Lulu is an angel!  She stayed with me throughout the course of my search for the perfect item.  We went to practically every department trying on and testing out products.  We went through sunglasses  I love this Saks and will always come back for more." Recently I decided I need to splurge on myself and get a Chanel bag. When I walked in the store there were 4-5 SA. I could feel their stares up and down while they played with their smart phones. I was ignored as I looked around the room to catch someone to make an eye contact with me. It took me 30 seconds to get someone to look at me. 1 customer and 5 Associates and they were all trying to pass on me. I am a well dressed person I always love to come and explore what this asks location has to offer. Lots of nice inventory and very nicely laid out  the only redemption was a lady working in the hat section who was SO gracious and nice I absolutely love Saks Fifth Avenue! Especially the Phoenix location! Here you'll find many different designers as well as the usual Gucci and Prada. Currently they're opening up Arizona's only Givenchy Store Disappointed in their shoe return policy.  I will not shop for shoes there again.  Other high end stores will accept returns even after you have worn the shoes if they don't fit or cause blisters etc.  saks refused to accept a return for a defect in the shoes and doesnt even have a shoe repair person to atleast fix the defect. "love this store! I come here with my dad whenever we are in the biltmore area and I always have amazing service! I prefer this saks to the other locations ( Bev hills Saks has amazing tailoring & alterations that will work with clothing brand not only Saks merchandise."  not one representative looked me in the eye or bothered to ask if I needed assistance. I'm really hoping it's not because we were the only Hispanics. Snooty vibe Luis the manager here is the pinnacle of customer service. Champagne for the men as the women shopped for shoes. This store and the staff are all class.  this is my jam.  I can't help but say hello and chitchat with all the beautiful women at the make-up counters. They are all so pleasant and eager to help me. Especially the tall Serbian woman at the Chanel counter. She always has my favorite lotions  no one asked if I needed help or even bothered to say hi. I went out of my way to say hi to a sales gal who has a stick up her ass with an English accent. I have on occasions experienced lovely sales people. I did manage to find a lovely sales gal downstairs in Gucci who helped me with my handbag purchase today (she made my day!). I may go shopping not dressed up sometimes  a coat and some lacy stockings.  Sonya was very helpful and the selection was great.  I usually shop at the Kierland one "The clothing style is amazing. I love their fashion sense. This is my top store to buy clothes from. I spend at least $500 a year on clothes here. Its a kind of upper scale classy type of dress occasion. Some items can be expensive  their men's section is like a foot wide  you won't find competitive boutique owners fighting over used goods just to take a seamrippper to the tag and add their own.  You won't have to deal with the smell of urine in the dressing room like Buffalo...  There are only a few privet dressing rooms but there is a huge changing area for those not-so-modest gals.  It's always a good experience.  And they give you the hangers to take home... It's the little things really." * Store is always empty" I am devasted that they up and closed this place with no warning.  We have been loyal shoppers there for years!  Great deals were to be had by all.  I think the location did them in.  No one knew they were there!  They will be missed! "On my once at least monthly trip to Loehmanns today I was devastated to see the big blue sign stating the space is available?!?! I feel like they didn't even warn loyal gold and diamond member shoppers before they just left us. I will probably not buy another item of clothing in this state again for a while. The only reason I am even able to compose myself enough to write a review is that I work in San Diego every month and my office is a mile from th fashion valley Loehmanns... which is bigger and better than this one is anyway. So... if any Phoenicians need a fix  much to my dismay I see your blog that it is closed. VERY SAD! I have bought so many very cool things at this store. I am originally from back east and it was so nice to see a store from home  but this adorable boutique is worth taking a peak at if you're in the neighborhood!" "I have only gone here for kids/baby gifts and it's a great place to find that perfect  Petite Chateau closed a few months ago and the space was vacant for awhile.  I've heard that there is now a PR firm in the space.  I'll go investigate soon and report back with a review."  he'll be so bedazzled by your beauty that the only thing he will be able to think about is which magnificent restaurant to take you out to dinner!!!"  please visit Kiss Me Kate!! I stopped into this little boutique and in a moment was awash with four of the most pleasant people with whom I've come in contact -- delightful fLkKbaWibWo6eaA4SPfrzg  fun accessories and helpful sales associates.  This place is a must for your spring wardrobe.  So fun!!!"  and super friendly associates :) heehee"  despite hearing us struggle and look over from 4 feet away but just kept talking to each other at the counter. I actually had to move out of one of the girls way as she squeezed by me and i was the one who had to say excuse me. Maybe she was mute  looked at some jeans and other shirts as well.   There were 2 associates on the floor.  Neither acknowledged me in any way shape or form while I was there.  On a visit after this initial review - same exact scenario but I was the only one there on a weekend evening - I was acknowledged by an associate whom I stood in front of and she informed me of their sale going on.  I have shopped there a couple times previously and don't recall a negative experience with service - they just must not be trained to be proactive." The manager lady was pretty rude today. Apple Pay worked fine two days back on same store and now they say they never take Apple Pay. Pretty weird manager. "I hate buckle almost as much as I hate Juicy Coture. Its just wishy washy angsty ""teen"" clothing thats like emo skater with an edgy rebellious flair "The sales staff must be paid on commission here because they will not leave you alone...EVER! I think if I told them I was contagious they would still fight over who got to ""help"" me shop. I am an independent shopper..if I want help than I will ask  the $100 a pair jeans are all made right here in 'merica. Yee haw!" "I had the most horrible shopping experience here today.  I went to go get a new pair of jeans and when I walked in the sales associate came up to me and asked if he could help.  He then proceeded to argue with me about what size I am.  He finally let me try on a size that is one size smaller than I wear.  I tried them on while the whole time he stood outside of the dressing room telling me about how everyone calls him ""the jean guy"" and that i should tell all my friends to come get their jeans from him.  After I tried on the jeans that were so tight I could barely breath he then told me that I could NOT try on a size larger. I was so livid I threw the jeans down and walked out. I will never go back and I will not be telling my friends about ""the jean guy.""" R8gQHxVqHhehMINgAAfHPw  i am only going to arrowhead Buckle from now on!! completely ignored at pv and there selection was poor."  a little pushy but nice about it.  I see some reviews about the sales people being very pushy - you can just say I'll grab ya if I need you.  My experiences have been decent.  They do seem to have high quality clothing and accessories - definitely on the high $ end." Went in today to grab some shorts and ended up with some kicks and a couple shirts.  Staff was awesome and attentive - even entertained my kid while I tried a few things on.  They didnt press me to buy.  Mario led a team of 2 others and all three were great.  I will definitely pop my head again in next time Im at the mall.  i will definitely not be returning. And have your employees smile every once in awhile.. Instead of looking like a sticks up their butt." Awesome customer service! The two girls yesterday working the register were so fast and efficient getting their line down. I also did a return and they both made it simple and not complicated. I got help trying to find what I needed and the girl working the dressing room was very speedy too. Love this wet seal! "Is there a more snobby place to shop in the valley...  The selection is incredibly limited At some point I figured out that Abercrombie was actually completely lame. I don't know if its my tastes that have changed  some good deals in the clearance section if you look" Stay classy Abercrombie & Fitch!"  but it might be better to shop online to avoid any headaches that stem from that gnarly smell."  the best knee length cargo shorts around (I buy a new pair every couple years) - that's what makes this store A-OK+ for me.  I've made several personal as well as gift purchases at this store over the years.  Staff is usually greeting at the front (when folding) otherwise they tend to be off doing their own thing.  I've not had a bad experience.  Just not a lot for me other than what I summarized up top - some people really love the store and the clothes." "Asthma and respiratory sufferers avoid this place like the plague.  It stinks to high heaven of cheap teen cologne.  The merchandise is still over priced and staff is dumber than a box of rocks.  On the plus side  I've finally begun having some luck again! I recently purchased a sequined black dress at the Fashion Square location which was on sale for $18.99 (down from its original price of $78) -1  She also told me that my size will change when ""you gain 10 lbs."" Fellow Yelpers  that you can start using Dec. 1st. I usually get the $10 one but hey I'll take it  royal blue baby doll dress. Perfect for our anniversary next weekend ;)"  but once found are generally more than happy to help you with any questions you might have. One of the tricky parts of this store is checking out. There are two checkout counters that aren't visible to each other. One in the lingerie section and the other in the their body/scent shop. You might end up waiting at one for several minutes before venturing over to see if their are employees at the other counter checking people out   can i help you find anything"" it kinda felt like a slap in my face. When I was paying for my stuff the woman asked if anyone helped me.  I had explained to her that everyone ignored me when I seeked help m the service was horrible. All she did was continue to ignore and have a dude conversation. I ended up leaving the stuff I was going to buy because I was so disgusted."  i guess I just have some sort of hope that my next visit will always be better. but no  I've never been ignored by sales associates when the store is virtually empty. Maybe the exhaustion from all of the weekend's sales drained all of the sales luster. Despite my fitting room request light being lit for over 5 min with no attendant ever coming to my assistance  compelling me to write this review. What should be a place where customers receive one-on-one attention is nothing more than a self-service nightmare. Between a very new salesperson who was not even  familiar with VS's new currently advertised ""multi-way"" amongst other things  and I know everyone else who is lucky enough to have Mia help them will also have a great experience.  I really thought it was important to give this store a current review since all the others except one in February of this year are very old and outdated.  I even told Mia about the awful reviews and she was unaware of them 