 lots more equipment (they have bball court and pool!). But I would recommend checking it out if you like a small gym." If you live in Shadyside (or nearby)... GO TO URBAN ACTIVE INSTEAD. It's cheaper and the facilities are unbelievably better than XShadyside... although I apparently have a membership at XShadyside for another month now My only real complaint is the utter lack of parking. There were times when I would drive over to work out I am looking forward to Planet Smoothie opening next door." The rumor is that Katie Holmes tried this class out too!  The girl has got some good taste.  Still love TOM!" Until (or if?) the LA Fitness opens at the corner of Baum and Liberty (with proposed parking garage) I love this gym everybody there is soooooo nice and helpful  I am moving back home (cancellation process was no hassle at all like I've read on here!) "Terribly overrated. Deceptive contracts abound. The staff are all snotty and think they are the gurus of all exercising. The actual equipment is ok  the choice is quick ... The reason you would stick to this gym is the classes. If you want a spin class or a yoga class I can't wait for my contract to end; I regret signing one now. There has to be better gyms in the area."  gets very busy after 5pm on weekdays and sometimes difficult to find open free weight benches but cardio machines always available"  consider the location.  The staff is helpful and friendly.  Being open over nights Monday through Thursday is nice if you want to avoid peak times.  I wish they were 24-7" Moral of the story: This is a solid gym and absolutely worth the money if you take advantage of the classes.  Oh This gym is great. If you live in Shadyside Bloomfield the location couldn't be better. I got my membership without the sign on fee which was a huge bonus. I mostly used the cardio equipment which there is a lot of. I chose this gym because of the proximity to my apartment but stayed with them for the employees and atmosphere. I can not remember ever having to wait more than a couple of minutes for a machine or bench and usually just did something else until it came free. The staff always helpful and makes sure to greet you every time.  For people who are serious lifters like myself it was a great place but also not intimidating for new or sporadic gym goers. The hours are convenient for any work schedule. I recommend to any friends in the area.  and I have always found the equiptment to be up to date and working well. I chose X because of its location in relation to my apartment and I could not have made a better choice. There is something to be said for not ""selling out"" and going to one of the top name This is an amazing gym with all the amenities. The weight room is very impressive and has all the machines you could ask for. The staff is very friendly and the facility is extremely clean.  I was pleased with the gym and the only major selling point for me is the convenience. I could've gone to my school's gym Best Gym for the price in the area. Very convenient. Equipment and classes are great.  especially after discontinuing the membership. You might be the victim too!"  and difficulty parking (not a big issue for me because I always walk jog bike here)." Very nice gym in the heart of Shadyside. I never had a problem with non-functioning equipment. Parking can be an issue if you don't live near by. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because of the limited weekend hours. Closing at 6pm on Sat Sun is too early.  the gym is falsely advertised as open 24 7.  As a morning person it is extremely irritating to need to wait to get my Saturday started until 8:00am "This is a nice fun gym to come to there open 24 7 so you can go to the gym at any time of the day or night .. The classes are super fun like body pump   you will likely find yourself with extra charges when trying to freeze   terminate your account." Word to the wise: monitor your hygiene and really consider if the convenience is worth it."  quite the opposite in fact the management was very accommodating.  I did give a months advance warning though so maybe that was an issue other people had."  here:  http:  www.8thstreetstudio.com yoga-center" "I've been going to the Yoga Center for years even though I still go to other studios.   Phyliss is the only Iyengar certified teacher in Charlotte and is a true gem of a teacher.  If you want to learn about yoga or are just starting out this is a great place to start your practice.  If you are experienced or prefer another style of yoga  I've taken classes with each of the yoga teachers here and they are all really good at what they do. It's Iyengar style yoga Great instructors! I've taken pilates for over 15 years and hands down my favorite studio! Thank goodness they've got some competition!" I am so grateful for this studio and the owner rocks!!"  the teachers are knowledgeable and friendly and the other practitioners seem happy and healthy and hey I would defiantly return if I were in the area again." Think 30 sweaty people in a 105 degree room contorting themselves into crazy positions and that's what you get with Bikram. It was strangely relaxing though (could have been that I laid on my mat most the class) and the teacher had a really soothing voice and gave great descriptions of what to do next. I'll give it another shot sometime  I don't feel this hindered me at all. The classes are 90 minutes and apparently you can burn 800-1200 calories during a session. The sessions can be intense but what was really nice was how accepting the instructors are towards beginners. They are more concerned with doing the posture right than how far you can push yourself. They are also okay if you need to sit down as long as you try to stay in the room the whole time. This is such a friendly studio and I agree with the other review that the instructors/employees seem genuinely uplifted and happy. They love what they do and it shows. Come hydrated I've been to roughly 6 classes and enjoy it every single time. The instructors are very patient and helpful. The classes truly seem to welcome you with open arms I love being healthy."  I'd likely not try a hot yoga class again."  the owner is friendly and welcoming as are the teachers who lead the classes. This was my 3rd time doing yoga in general and in no way did i feel out of place or foolish due to my low skill level. in fact the class had a great mix of newb and vet. I'd recommend anyone to try out a class just to get a feel of it "I just started here recently because I bought a Groupon for $15 for an unlimited month. It is usually $160 for an unlimited month. I have been addicted and have attended class 4 our of the last 6 days. Remember to pace yourself and drink a lot of water  pushing yourself to your own personal limits and you will be rewarded greatly for your resolve!"  this would be my place. Some studios get too corny with their faux new-agey vibe....but here I feel like the vibe and ' heart' is organic and unforced.  Brooke the owner is an AMAZING instructor. She provides useful information about the transformative effects of each pose and it pushes me to complete each section with dignity The instructors and staff here are wonderful. They are always open to any questions you have after class and even talked to me about what types of hydration are good (I suggest coconut water in addition to regular water). The studio is really calming. In the room where you come in before class there are comfortable places to sit with lots of books on meditation. It is a wonderful environment. They also do a $20 two week intro with unlimited classes you you can see if Bikram is right for you. I suggest it to anyone who has been considering giving Bikram a try."  as does the whooshing sounds (I had to bite my lip to keep me from laughing) and sweating. Overall though My wife and I had a good experience practicing Bikram Yoga on an unlimited month pass we bought using Groupon. It was a heck of a deal. Every instructor we had is great. They each have their own unique way of giving the class. I would like to attend more sessions but work has gotten a little too hectic. The 5:15 class in the afternoon is really popular and gets really packed but they know how to fit as many people in a class that they can.  Hopefully when things calm down at work we can purchase another package. "I had very good experiences at this studio. I took about 11 classes there from 2009-2011 (before I had a consistent yoga practice) to help with sciatic pain. The instructors were very encouraging. I really liked Gemma's classes because she integrates nice readings into the class and thoroughly explained the physical and mental benefits of each posture. I also enjoyed Stella I was a bit nervous and excited to try Bikram yoga.  I've heard a lot about it ranging from it's the best thing ever to no way.  The whole experience was great.  My instructor was Jen and she pulled all of newbies aside and explained what to expect and most importantly we don't need to be heros - listen to our bodies and take breaks as needed.  She continously talked through the entire class; walking us through each step and breath.  She corrected form as needed and provided the encouragement to get through each pose.  I'm hooked!!! You should totally try it out! You'll probably hate it during but love it SO much after!" So overall I had a good experience there. But it is not really close to me so probably I won't be coming back there. But if you're bikram fan and it's close by "After purchasing a daily deal here I did a month of yoga going about 4 or 5 times a week.  The instructors are great and I felt amazing after every class. The downside is that the studio seems a little dirty and always had a stinky foot odor in the studio due to the carpet and sweat combo that goes on. Yikes. Also  so after receiving a groupon I took advantage of the deal and went to an evening class.  Pretty crowded and yes hot hot hot. Almost too hot for me.  I just didn't click with it  enjoyed trying something new!"  and the place looked like a zoo.  I was worried that every class was going to be crowded like my experiences at Bikram Yoga Instiute.  Every class afterwards was much more relaxing and peaceful.  I really felt like I was meditating with myself with the teachers here.  In addition Julie was my instructor today and she was sweet and helpful and made sure I was okay since I was a new student here. I had a great class and am looking forward to my month-long package!" 5EyT-ZbhJR6LwtVaPyE3bg It's a great feeling and I am glad I have found something I really enjoy doing.  I am always looking forward to my next class!"  and the whole place just vibrates a wonderful energy.  It's a place I know I can go and always feel good.  The teachers are helpful Brooke the owner is an awesome person and someone to have in your life Did my mind and body good. Party~"  if for no other reason than it's the only thing you can do in Phoenix in the summer that makes the weather outside seem ""cold."""  sleevless and tighter fitting exercise shorts.  Get ready to sweat I bought the LivingSocial deal and so I'll complete my 20 classes but I may try another studio at the end of it. I was really excited to start Bikram in a new city The only downside to the studio is the studio itself smells funky! I wish they would spray some febreeze in here or something Even though my coupon is up I can see myself coming back here if I'm ever wanting a Bikram fix. The nice thing is that they have class packages you can purchase through their site that you don't have to worry about using up in a certain time. I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a great Bikram only studio." 4. The instruction is excellent. Every teacher definitely has her/his own style and I prefer some over others  never demonstrated one pose OR even made rounds to correct those doing them wrong. Lots of people that hadn't done yoga before because of the groupon and it's unfortunate they have been thought incorrectly. This instruction method is going to cause people injuries. FYI never do a jerking twisting motion with your upper body to try and square your hips!!! The instructor even told me and another girl NOT to drink water at the moment we did! So not OK I will never visit this place again and will never recommend this place to anyone. Take my advice and keep looking for another studio!"  you need to know ALL THE BIKRAM. Not a good place for beginners or anyone with a sense of smell for that matter. The carpet really is a health hazard and I left feeling sick from the stench. The instructor didnt bother to take one second to explain things carefully or slowly  asthma and bad back...I have been going to this studio for a little over a year. If I can do Bikram Yoga most anyone can. The heat is hard to get used to in the beginning but the heat makes it possible to stretch beyond what I thought was possible. The proprietor and her staff have created an atmosphere where everyone should feel welcome no matter what your body type or physical ability. The studio is constantly being renovated and upgraded. The recent replacement of the ceiling and the addition of ozone machine shows the management's commitment to the yogi students. I give 5 stars. Namaste!"  there were more than 50 people in a class (so many that a couple times I got someone else's sweaty foot on my head which made me not thrilled to say the least). I suppose the Hatha or Bikram yoga styles are not really my favorite as I didn't love it at Yogini's and Ways it was awesome: The schedule was very flexible." -The hot room is small. Get there EARLY.  And you still will have mats 8 inches from yours depending on the class."  Bikram Phoenix has a more tranquil feel.  There is an altar with two of the most revered modern yoga masters on the planet.  There are tea lights around the studio I would recommend this studio to anyone."  and everyone truly seems happy to be there. Brooke is warm and welcoming and that carries over to her staff. Thank you for being so consistent and though I may take a break or take advantage of a Groupon elsewhere....I always feel at home in this studio. It is my happy place:)" I would never suggest this place to anyone."  the room fills up fast.  Is that a sign???  I would say so.  Keep it up guys are you are awesome."  moldy and just plain gross! It is difficult to say you're doing something healthy when you're staring at the ceiling and all the mold is staring right back at you... The yoga itself is great however it is hard to get over the unbearable smell of sweat that slaps you in the face the moment you walk in.. I'm sure there are better places to try in town!" The good thing about yoga is we get to practice yoga and there's many choices out there! Sometimes you have to drive a little bit farther for the yoga studio that feels like home for you."  the practice room does not smell moldy or harsh in any way. They have areas for your belongings right at the front door or cubbyholes in the locker room. The staff is extremely friendly and willing to walk you through the whole process. Make sure to arrive early and bring plenty of water and a towel!"  the owner!! They offer plenty of class times to make it convenient and every instructor is so welcoming and knowledgeable that I cannot decide which one is my favorite! Bikram yoga is amazing and if you are looking to deepen your practice and heal your body this is the place to go!!!" Another plus is that they offer a multitude of classes. They have traditional Bikram but also Vinyasa  the incense and candles (real ones!  Fire danger!) the place was really really odifourous.  Hated putting my face or feet anywhere in the studio space.  The lobby and changing area was really nice but call me a woose but that studio whiff really gave me the heebie-jeebies as did the perky twilight yoga teacher giving me some sequence (she called it a vinyasa) that had me twisting my spine before warmed up.  She also did a physical adjustment which is a no-no at Bikram schools."  they seem to really care about the students' practice and have taught me many things that I'd never learned in other places.  I highly recommend this place and am even going to continue to attend after my groups expires!" "4 stars because I've only attended one Bikram session! So far I am very impressed! I was super nervous about doing a ""hot"" style yoga. The instructor Kevin was very welcoming and encouraging throughout the class. I am excited for my next session! Also 5 stars! I've gone to 3 classes by 3 different instructors and I am hooked! They are all great in their own ways. Just go! You won't be disappointed." "I am giving this studio 2 stars because the front desk person and the instructor were so kind.  This studio is one of the smelliest hot yoga studios I have ever walked in to and I have been to many.  The moment I opened the door into the practice room I was punched in the face with an odor that I can only describe as a cat litter box full of rotting gym socks that has been sitting in a sauna for weeks on end.  The carpet was soaked with the sweat of previous students and I quickly put my mat down so I wouldn't have to touch the floor.   I want to reiterate- I have been to many hot yoga studios and many of them have a funk I had bought a Groupon because it seemed like a good deal. It's about a 25 minute commute for me and I love hot yoga so the drive seemed worth it. I used to go to Sumits Yoga in Orange County and absolutely loved it. The only thing good about this studio were the instructors...really nice people but I couldn't stand the stench of the carpet and felt like there were not enough breathing exercises during the beginning of the class. I will not be back to this studio and will try Sumits Yoga here instead. I promise an in depth review after the first week of torture" I was very disappointed and will not return." Sometimes the owner locks her dog up inside her car while she is in class  shouldn't you have some fun too?  I am hoping to try the boot camp and pilates at some point.  Thank you Hot Yoga Workout!!  I will be continuing to attend as many body transforming classes as possible!"  and totally forget about us. It was a total waste of time. Speaking of time....the class is scheduled for 1hr/25min. I think the class is soo long to schedule in Dawn's day dreaming. The class started almost 10 minutes late I met Dawn when she still had a regular job and a weight problem she has taught me more about staying focus working hard to getting in shape since she know what it take to keep it together. I would recommend Dawn classes in a heartbeat.!" I've tried several yoga/Pilates studio's  and this is one of my favorites. The classes are smaller but not too small and the location is great. Each teacher seems to have very different teaching techniques so it's nice to have a little variety. Kim is one of the best teachers I've ever had and HIGHLY recommend taking one of her classes! They all play different music and use different lighting depending on the class so it's always a little different. I wish there were a little more options for class times but it's a small studio and what they have is easy to work with. They have 4:30 and 6/6:30 classes depending on what you are looking for and have a couple of weekend classes. I highly recommend giving this studio a try!  pretty good prices. Patrick is a world class yoga teacher - his classes are the BEST"  and the owner Sabrina is at the top of my all time favorite teachers. Highly recommend checking this place out." "Wonderful energy in this studio and wonderful instructors.  Sabrina and Lindsey are so kind and helpful.  Even if you are new  Jeff and Darvis are totally open to hearing suggestions for programming."  and they are even offering Zumba now. I really enjoy the staff and the people I see every Mondays and Wednesday in Yoga.  It is a relaxed atmosphere where all are welcomed. Plus  and friendly.   Various types of yoga classes are offered including yoga Nidra.  You can't beat the price at four to six dollars a class.   The classes are interesting and great for beginners and intermediate yogi's.  I have been taking classes there for five months and am very happy with the experience." They also have massage therapists that are available by appointment."  go to Yoga Pura!  They rock!  (without making too much noise!)" Try it once. You never know. You might like it."  I'm glad to have discovered this sanctuary for the mind and spirit so close to home! I'll be back. (You don't have to be a member  I will not got back due to poor customer response.  I will not recommend this place to any of my friends."  and left me feeling centered and ready to go. Although I have been regularly attending classes where I live for going on 6 years 2IWCmtpNVvu1h0UEc4S5DQ  I will hopefully plan on dropping in again for more kick ass yoga classes in the future... especially if I happen to be on that side of town.  Call me a yoga whore if you'd like; I'm ok with it!  I do yoga at several studios around the Valley already  then your best option is AtoneYoga! Enough said." I'm proud to be the Yelp Duke of Yoga Pura." Keep up the great work  and the opportunity to take your yoga practice to a deeper level."  and respect the fact they come to class prepared with a clear intention that the class will follow.  Thanks for helping me stay grounded  comfortable and really focuses on the importance of self. Making sure to listen to one's own body (with gentle correction if something is truly off). Everyone there is very warm and friendly and I cannot wait to continue my classes at Yoga Pura! A true gem."  and friendly instructors. It is a great place to go to relax and get a good workout after work. They also have a great collection of yoga gear and books. Definitely worth checking out!" Although we have a regular yoga studio close to home this is the Best Yoga studio in North Phoenix!  Please check it out for regular classes or workshops.  You won't be disappointed." 3. They have 3 nice bathrooms but no showers.  Plan accordingly." Definitely the best place in the valley to practice...and the first class is free!" Some people move from yoga studio to yoga studio but to me this is home and Yoga Pura is where my heart is!" Another added bonus is they offer Yin Yoga! My body has been beaten up by 25 years of skateboarding But don't take my word for it...Test it out for yourself. They offer 3 free classes for newcomers. ENJOY!" Very authentic yoga. It's so nice to not just rush through different positions like some other studios. Feel such a connection here and leave class spiritually and physically refreshed. So happy this place is so close to my home. The studio is a little stinky though. Wish the rooms opened up to outside for airflow. Not sure what a solution is because people have allergies so can't just throw on some incense or essential oils. Worth it though. This does not ever stop me from coming and is really only an issue when going to a class late in the evening. "I started going to Yoga Pura when I bought the Groupon for one month of unlimited classes. I absolutely LOVE it so far. The instructors are kind and passionate "There are different reasons people are first drawn to a yoga studio and different reasons why they decide to return. I've visited many studios at times in my life when I needed a new energy Perfect for the beginner as well as the advanced. They have variety of classes and times. Love this place! I like that they don't have mirrors and loud music like some of the other yoga studios in town. It actually helps me focus on the poses and the exercise rather than my surroundings or worrying about how I might look." I think I will enjoy going here and look forward to being here in the future" I think I will enjoy going here and look forward to being here in the future" 